UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
37102,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2842352/0/en/Correction-to-Stock-Exchange-Release-Notice-to-Aktia-Bank-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-2024.html,Correction to Stock Exchange Release: Notice to Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General Meeting 2024,Aktia Bank PlcStock Exchange Release7 March 2024 at 4.30 p.m.          Correction to Stock Exchange Release: Notice to Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General......,Aktia Bank PlcStock Exchange Release7 March 2024 at 4.30 p.m.Correction to Stock Exchange Release: Notice to Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General Meeting 2024Typing errors in section C1. have been corrected.Notice is hereby given to Aktia Bank Plc shareholders that the Annual General Meeting will be held on Wednesday  3 April 2024 at 4.00 p.m. at Pikku-Finlandia  address Karamzininranta 4  Helsinki. Persons who have registered for the meeting will be welcomed and voting sheets will be distributed from 3.00 p.m. onwards.Shareholders of Aktia Bank Plc can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are set out in section C of this notice to the Annual General Meeting.It is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting via webcast. Instructions on how to follow the webcast are available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  make other interventions  or vote via webcast. Following the meeting via webcast shall not be considered as participation in the Annual General Meeting or as the exercise of shareholders' rights.A. Matters to be discussed at the Annual General MeetingThe agenda of the Annual General Meeting will be as follows:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  consolidated financial statements  report by the Board of Directors and Auditor's report for 2023CEO's presentation.The company's financial statements and Annual Report  including the report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report  will be published no later than 13 March 2024  after which they are available on the company's website at www.aktia.com.7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the financial statements. The company's auditor has recommended adopting the financial statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.70 per share shall be paid for the financialyear 2023.Shareholders registered in the register of shareholders of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the dividend payment 5 April 2024 are entitled to the dividend. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid out on 12 April 2024 in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Finland Ltd.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors  the CEO and his deputy10. Handling of the Remuneration Report of the governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report for the company's governing bodies be confirmed.The 2023 Remuneration Report of the company's governing bodies will be published no later than 13 March 2024  after which it is available on the company's website at www.aktia.com.11. Handling of the Remuneration Policy of the governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the Remuneration Policy of the governing bodies. The Remuneration Policy of the governing bodies will be published no later than 13 March 2024  after which it is available on the company's website at www.aktia.com.12. Resolution on remuneration for the members of the BoardThe Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration for the Board of Directors for the term be determined as follows:Chairman  EUR 75 000 (2023: EUR 64 300)Deputy Chairman  EUR 50 000 (2023: EUR 43 000)member  EUR 40 000 (2023: EUR 35 000)Annual remunerations for the Chairmen of each Committee as well as meeting remunerations are proposed to be unchanged  meaning that it is proposed that the Chairman of each Committee will further receive an annual remuneration of EUR 8 000. The proposed meeting remuneration for Board and Committee meetings is EUR 700 per attended meeting for each person (EUR 700 per attended meeting for each person in 2023). If participation in a board meeting requires travelling outside the board member's country of residence  the remuneration for board meeting is EUR 1 400 per attended meeting for each person (EUR 1 400 per attended meeting for each person in 2023). Compensation for travel and accommodation expenses as well as a daily allowance is paid in line with the Finnish Tax Administration's guidelines and the travel instructions of the company.The Nomination Board proposes that approximately 40% of the annual remuneration (gross amount) shall be paid to the members in the form of Aktia shares. The company will on account of the Board members acquire Aktia shares on the market to the price that is formed through public trading or it will transfer the company's own shares to the Board members and the rest of the annual remuneration payable is paid in cash. The shares are acquired or transferred during a two-week time period from the day following the company's interim report for 1 January 2024–31 March 2024 is disclosed or as soon as possible in accordance with applicable legislation. If the remuneration can't be paid in shares  it can be paid in cash entirely. The company will be responsible for all expenses and the possible transfer tax for acquiring or transferring the shares.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors be increased from eight (8) to nine (9) members. However  should any of the candidates proposed under section 14 below not be able to attend the Board  the proposed number of Board members shall be decreased accordingly.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that of the present members of the Board of Directors Ann Grevelius  Carl Haglund  Maria Jerhamre Engström  Harri Lauslahti  Sari Pohjonen  Johannes Schulman and Lasse Svens subject to their consent  shall be re-elected for a term continuing until the next Annual General Meeting has concluded. For more information on the members of the Board of Directors proposed to be re-elected  please see the company's website at www.aktia.com. The Board member of Aktia Bank Timo Vättö has informed that he will not be available for re-election.The Shareholders' Nomination Board also proposes that Joakim Frimodig and Matts Rosenberg are elected as new members of the Board of Directors for the same term  subject to their consent. Further information on the new Board members proposed to be elected have been attached to this notice and can be found on the company's website at www.aktia.com closer to the company's Annual General Meeting.Should any of the candidates presented above not be able to attend the Board  the available candidates are proposed to be elected accordingly.All the proposed persons are independent in relation to the company according to the definition of the Corporate Governance Code. Only Matts Rosenberg is not independent of a significant shareholder since he is the managing director of Rettig Oy Ab  which is the largest owner of RG Partners Oy – the largest shareholder (10.18%) of Aktia Bank.All the proposed persons have informed that they intend  if they are elected  to re-elect Lasse Svens amongst them as Chairman of the Board of Directors and to elect Joakim Frimodig as DeputyChairman.15. Resolution on the auditor's and sustainability auditor's remunerationThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that remuneration shall be paid to the auditor against the auditor's reasonable invoice. The Board of Directors also proposes that remuneration shall be paid to the sustainability auditor against a reasonable invoice for measures related to the review of sustainability reporting.16. Determination of the number of auditors and sustainability auditorsThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that the number of auditors and sustainability auditors shall be one (1).17. Election of the auditor and the sustainability auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  shall be elected as auditor  with Marcus Tötterman  M.Sc. (Econ.)  APA  as auditor-in-charge. The Board of Directors also proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  an Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm  shall be elected as sustainability auditor  with Marcus Tötterman  M.Sc. (Econ.)  Authorised Sustainability Auditor (ASA)  as sustainability auditor-in-charge. The auditor and the sustainability auditor shall be elected for a term of office beginning when the Annual General Meeting 2024 is closed and continuing up until the Annual GeneralMeeting 2025 has ended.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on one or more issues of shares or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Finnish Companies ActThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to issue shares  or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Companies Act  as follows:A maximum amount of 7 279 000 shares can be issued based on this authorisation  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all terms for issues of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation concerns the issuance of new shares. Issues of shares or of special rights entitling to shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right to the company's shares (directed share issue).The Board of Directors has the right to use this authorisation  among other things  to strengthen the company's capital base  for the company's share-based incentive scheme  acquisitions and/or other corporate transactions.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the issue authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting on 5 April 2023.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of 500 000 shares at a maximum  corresponding to approximately 0.7% of the total number of shares in the company.The company's own shares may be acquired in one or several tranches using the unrestricted equity of the company.The company's own shares may be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition  or at a price otherwise prevailing on the market. The company's own shares may be acquired in a proportion other than that of the shares held by the shareholders (directed acquisition).The company's own shares may be acquired to be used in the company's share-based incentive schemes and/or for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for further transfer  retention  or cancellation.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the acquisition of the company's own shares.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to purchase the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 5 April 2023.20. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide to divest the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on divesting own shares held by the company  as follows.Based on the authorisation  a maximum of 500 000 shares may be divested.Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the divestment of the company's own shares. The divestment of the company's own shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights to shares in the company (directed share issue)  e.g.  for implementing the company's incentive programs and for remuneration  including divesting the company's own shares to board members for payment of board remuneration.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to divest the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 5 April 2023.21. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Aktia Bank Plc's website www.aktia.com. Aktia Bank Plc's Annual Report including the company's financial statements  the report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report  and the 2023 Remuneration Report and the Remuneration Policy of the governing bodies  will be available on the above-mentioned website on 13 March 2024  at the latest. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on 17 April 2024  at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered in the company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd as at 20 March 2024  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company's register of shareholders. Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the number of votes of the shareholder.Registration for the Annual General Meeting starts on 8 March 2024 at 10.00 a.m. Shareholders who are registered in the company's register of shareholders and who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the General Meeting by 4.00 p.m. on 25 March 2024  at the latest. Participants can register for the Annual General Meeting:a) through the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or proxy with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate;b) by e-mail to Innovatics Ltd at agm@innovatics.fi. A shareholder registering by e-mail shall include in the message the registration form available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting and a possible advance voting form or equivalent information; orc) by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Aktia Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki. A shareholder registering by mail shall include in the message the registration form available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting and a possible advance voting form or equivalent information.When registering  please provide the necessary information  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or business ID  contact details  the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the proxy's date of birth. The personal data provided by shareholders to Aktia Bank Plc or Innovatics Ltd will only be used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.The shareholder  his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting. Further information on the use of proxy and power of attorney are described below in section C 3.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9.00 a.m. to 12.00 p.m. and from 1.00 p.m. to 4.00 p.m.2. Owners of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 20 March 2024 would be entitled to be registered in the company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Participation also requires that the shareholder has been entered into the company's temporary register of shareholders  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  on the basis of such shares by 27 March 2024 at 10.00 a.m. at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.The holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from his/her custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the register of shareholders  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration  and attendance at the Annual General Meeting and  if necessary  advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares attending the Annual General Meeting in the temporary register of shareholders of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights there through a proxy representative. A shareholder's proxy may also elect to vote in advance as described in this notice if he/she so wishes. The proxy representative shall authenticate to the electronic registration service and advance voting personally with strong authentication  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder that he/she represents. The shareholder's proxy must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. You can prove your right to representation by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service available in the electronic registration service.Model proxy documents and voting instructions are available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Aktia Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or his/her proxy shall register for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.4. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance between 8 March 2024 and 25 March 2024 on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meetinga) via the company's website at www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. Login to the service is done in the same way as for registration in section C.1 of this notice;b) by mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company's website or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd at Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Aktia Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland; orc) by e-mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company's website or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd by e-mail at agm@innovatics.fi.Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends. The submission of votes by mail or e-mail before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that it contains the abovementioned information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Finnish Companies Act unless he/she attends the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy at the meeting venue.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares whom he/she represents in accordance with the voting instructions given by them during the registration period set for the nominee-registered shareholders.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the Annual General Meeting without any changes.5. Further instructions for attendees of the Annual General MeetingThe official language of the meeting is Swedish. There is no simultaneous interpretation at the meeting.Shareholders present at the Annual General Meeting have the right to present questions about the matters discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.Shareholders are welcome to participate in coffee service arranged after the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting the total number of shares in Aktia Bank Plc is 72 796 887 shares  representing 72 796 887 votes. The company holds on the date of this notice a total number of 121 608 of its own shares. The shares held by the company on the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not entitle to vote at the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  7 March 2024AKTIA BANK PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSAppendix 1: information on the proposed new members of the Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Lasse Svens  Chairman of the Board  tel. +358 500 562 945Ari Syrjäläinen  General Counsel  tel. +358 10 247 6350Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdCentral mediawww.aktia.comAktia is a Finnish asset manager  bank and life insurer that has been creating wealth and wellbeing from one generation to the next for 200 years. We serve our customers in digital channels everywhere and face-to-face in our offices in the Helsinki  Turku  Tampere  Vaasa and Oulu regions. Our award-winning asset management business sells investment funds internationally. We employ approximately 860 people around Finland. Aktia's assets under management (AuM) on 31 December 2023 amounted to EUR 13.7 billion  and the balance sheet total was EUR 12.0 billion. Aktia's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (AKTIA). aktia.com.Attachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Stock Exchange Release', 'Aktia Bank Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Correction', 'Notice', 'Aktia Bank Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Aktia Bank Plc shareholders', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Nomination Board', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'annual remuneration', 'aktia.com', 'Aktia shares', 'Annual Report', 'Typing errors', 'section C1.', 'voting sheets', 'voting rights', 'other interventions', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'accommodation expenses', 'daily allowance', 'gross amount', 'The Board', ""shareholders' rights"", 'meeting remuneration', 'board meeting', 'advance voting', 'Remuneration Report', 'Committee meetings', 'board member', 'Deputy Chairman', 'travel instructions', 'dividend payment', 'remunerations', 'members', '7 March', 'Correction', 'Notice', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', 'Helsinki', 'Persons', 'webcast', 'company', 'website', 'investors/corporate-governance', 'annual-general-meeting', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'CEO', '13 March', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'register', 'accordance', 'rules', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'term', 'Chairmen', 'country', 'residence', 'Compensation', 'line', 'form', 'account', 'market', 'price', '4.30', '4.00', '3.00']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37103,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AKTIA-PANKKI-OYJ-42765428/news/Correction-to-Stock-Exchange-Release-Notice-to-Aktia-Bank-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-2024-46119820/,Correction to Stock Exchange Release: Notice to Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General Meeting 2024 -March 07  2024 at 09:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Aktia Bank PlcStock Exchange Release7 March 2024 at 4.30 p.m.         Correction to Stock Exchange Release: Notice to Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General Meeting 2024 Typing errors in section C1. have been corrected. Notice is hereby given to…,Aktia Bank PlcStock Exchange Release7 March 2024 at 4.30 p.m.Correction to Stock Exchange Release: Notice to Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General Meeting 2024Typing errors in section C1. have been corrected.Notice is hereby given to Aktia Bank Plc shareholders that the Annual General Meeting will be held on Wednesday  3 April 2024 at 4.00 p.m. at Pikku-Finlandia  address Karamzininranta 4  Helsinki. Persons who have registered for the meeting will be welcomed and voting sheets will be distributed from 3.00 p.m. onwards.Shareholders of Aktia Bank Plc can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are set out in section C of this notice to the Annual General Meeting.It is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting via webcast. Instructions on how to follow the webcast are available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  make other interventions  or vote via webcast. Following the meeting via webcast shall not be considered as participation in the Annual General Meeting or as the exercise of shareholders' rights.A. Matters to be discussed at the Annual General MeetingThe agenda of the Annual General Meeting will be as follows:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  consolidated financial statements  report by the Board of Directors and Auditor's report for 2023CEO's presentation.The company's financial statements and Annual Report  including the report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report  will be published no later than 13 March 2024  after which they are available on the company's website at www.aktia.com.7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the financial statements. The company's auditor has recommended adopting the financial statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.70 per share shall be paid for the financialyear 2023.Shareholders registered in the register of shareholders of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the dividend payment 5 April 2024 are entitled to the dividend. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid out on 12 April 2024 in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Finland Ltd.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors  the CEO and his deputy10. Handling of the Remuneration Report of the governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report for the company's governing bodies be confirmed.The 2023 Remuneration Report of the company's governing bodies will be published no later than 13 March 2024  after which it is available on the company's website at www.aktia.com.11. Handling of the Remuneration Policy of the governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the Remuneration Policy of the governing bodies. The Remuneration Policy of the governing bodies will be published no later than 13 March 2024  after which it is available on the company's website at www.aktia.com.12. Resolution on remuneration for the members of the BoardThe Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration for the Board of Directors for the term be determined as follows:Chairman  EUR 75 000 (2023: EUR 64 300)Deputy Chairman  EUR 50 000 (2023: EUR 43 000)member  EUR 40 000 (2023: EUR 35 000)Annual remunerations for the Chairmen of each Committee as well as meeting remunerations are proposed to be unchanged  meaning that it is proposed that the Chairman of each Committee will further receive an annual remuneration of EUR 8 000. The proposed meeting remuneration for Board and Committee meetings is EUR 700 per attended meeting for each person (EUR 700 per attended meeting for each person in 2023). If participation in a board meeting requires travelling outside the board member's country of residence  the remuneration for board meeting is EUR 1 400 per attended meeting for each person (EUR 1 400 per attended meeting for each person in 2023). Compensation for travel and accommodation expenses as well as a daily allowance is paid in line with the Finnish Tax Administration's guidelines and the travel instructions of the company.The Nomination Board proposes that approximately 40% of the annual remuneration (gross amount) shall be paid to the members in the form of Aktia shares. The company will on account of the Board members acquire Aktia shares on the market to the price that is formed through public trading or it will transfer the company's own shares to the Board members and the rest of the annual remuneration payable is paid in cash. The shares are acquired or transferred during a two-week time period from the day following the company's interim report for 1 January 2024–31 March 2024 is disclosed or as soon as possible in accordance with applicable legislation. If the remuneration can't be paid in shares  it can be paid in cash entirely. The company will be responsible for all expenses and the possible transfer tax for acquiring or transferring the shares.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors be increased from eight (8) to nine (9) members. However  should any of the candidates proposed under section 14 below not be able to attend the Board  the proposed number of Board members shall be decreased accordingly.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that of the present members of the Board of Directors Ann Grevelius  Carl Haglund  Maria Jerhamre Engström  Harri Lauslahti  Sari Pohjonen  Johannes Schulman and Lasse Svens subject to their consent  shall be re-elected for a term continuing until the next Annual General Meeting has concluded. For more information on the members of the Board of Directors proposed to be re-elected  please see the company's website at www.aktia.com. The Board member of Aktia Bank Timo Vättö has informed that he will not be available for re-election.The Shareholders' Nomination Board also proposes that Joakim Frimodig and Matts Rosenberg are elected as new members of the Board of Directors for the same term  subject to their consent. Further information on the new Board members proposed to be elected have been attached to this notice and can be found on the company's website at www.aktia.com closer to the company's Annual General Meeting.Should any of the candidates presented above not be able to attend the Board  the available candidates are proposed to be elected accordingly.All the proposed persons are independent in relation to the company according to the definition of the Corporate Governance Code. Only Matts Rosenberg is not independent of a significant shareholder since he is the managing director of Rettig Oy Ab  which is the largest owner of RG Partners Oy – the largest shareholder (10.18%) of Aktia Bank.All the proposed persons have informed that they intend  if they are elected  to re-elect Lasse Svens amongst them as Chairman of the Board of Directors and to elect Joakim Frimodig as DeputyChairman.15. Resolution on the auditor's and sustainability auditor's remunerationThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that remuneration shall be paid to the auditor against the auditor's reasonable invoice. The Board of Directors also proposes that remuneration shall be paid to the sustainability auditor against a reasonable invoice for measures related to the review of sustainability reporting.16. Determination of the number of auditors and sustainability auditorsThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that the number of auditors and sustainability auditors shall be one (1).17. Election of the auditor and the sustainability auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  shall be elected as auditor  with Marcus Tötterman  M.Sc. (Econ.)  APA  as auditor-in-charge. The Board of Directors also proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  an Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm  shall be elected as sustainability auditor  with Marcus Tötterman  M.Sc. (Econ.)  Authorised Sustainability Auditor (ASA)  as sustainability auditor-in-charge. The auditor and the sustainability auditor shall be elected for a term of office beginning when the Annual General Meeting 2024 is closed and continuing up until the Annual GeneralMeeting 2025 has ended.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on one or more issues of shares or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Finnish Companies ActThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to issue shares  or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Companies Act  as follows:A maximum amount of 7 279 000 shares can be issued based on this authorisation  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all terms for issues of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation concerns the issuance of new shares. Issues of shares or of special rights entitling to shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right to the company's shares (directed share issue).The Board of Directors has the right to use this authorisation  among other things  to strengthen the company's capital base  for the company's share-based incentive scheme  acquisitions and/or other corporate transactions.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the issue authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting on 5 April 2023.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of 500 000 shares at a maximum  corresponding to approximately 0.7% of the total number of shares in the company.The company's own shares may be acquired in one or several tranches using the unrestricted equity of the company.The company's own shares may be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition  or at a price otherwise prevailing on the market. The company's own shares may be acquired in a proportion other than that of the shares held by the shareholders (directed acquisition).The company's own shares may be acquired to be used in the company's share-based incentive schemes and/or for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for further transfer  retention  or cancellation.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the acquisition of the company's own shares.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to purchase the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 5 April 2023.20. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide to divest the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on divesting own shares held by the company  as follows.Based on the authorisation  a maximum of 500 000 shares may be divested.Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the divestment of the company's own shares. The divestment of the company's own shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights to shares in the company (directed share issue)  e.g.  for implementing the company's incentive programs and for remuneration  including divesting the company's own shares to board members for payment of board remuneration.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to divest the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 5 April 2023.21. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Aktia Bank Plc's website www.aktia.com. Aktia Bank Plc's Annual Report including the company's financial statements  the report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report  and the 2023 Remuneration Report and the Remuneration Policy of the governing bodies  will be available on the above-mentioned website on 13 March 2024  at the latest. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on 17 April 2024  at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered in the company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd as at 20 March 2024  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company's register of shareholders. Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the number of votes of the shareholder.Registration for the Annual General Meeting starts on 8 March 2024 at 10.00 a.m. Shareholders who are registered in the company's register of shareholders and who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the General Meeting by 4.00 p.m. on 25 March 2024  at the latest. Participants can register for the Annual General Meeting:a) through the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or proxy with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate;b) by e-mail to Innovatics Ltd at agm@innovatics.fi. A shareholder registering by e-mail shall include in the message the registration form available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting and a possible advance voting form or equivalent information; orc) by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Aktia Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki. A shareholder registering by mail shall include in the message the registration form available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting and a possible advance voting form or equivalent information.When registering  please provide the necessary information  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or business ID  contact details  the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the proxy's date of birth. The personal data provided by shareholders to Aktia Bank Plc or Innovatics Ltd will only be used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.The shareholder  his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting. Further information on the use of proxy and power of attorney are described below in section C 3.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9.00 a.m. to 12.00 p.m. and from 1.00 p.m. to 4.00 p.m.2. Owners of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 20 March 2024 would be entitled to be registered in the company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Participation also requires that the shareholder has been entered into the company's temporary register of shareholders  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  on the basis of such shares by 27 March 2024 at 10.00 a.m. at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.The holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from his/her custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the register of shareholders  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration  and attendance at the Annual General Meeting and  if necessary  advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares attending the Annual General Meeting in the temporary register of shareholders of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights there through a proxy representative. A shareholder's proxy may also elect to vote in advance as described in this notice if he/she so wishes. The proxy representative shall authenticate to the electronic registration service and advance voting personally with strong authentication  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder that he/she represents. The shareholder's proxy must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. You can prove your right to representation by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service available in the electronic registration service.Model proxy documents and voting instructions are available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Aktia Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or his/her proxy shall register for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.4. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance between 8 March 2024 and 25 March 2024 on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meetinga) via the company's website at www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. Login to the service is done in the same way as for registration in section C.1 of this notice;b) by mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company's website or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd at Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Aktia Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland; orc) by e-mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company's website or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd by e-mail at agm@innovatics.fi.Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends. The submission of votes by mail or e-mail before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that it contains the abovementioned information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Finnish Companies Act unless he/she attends the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy at the meeting venue.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares whom he/she represents in accordance with the voting instructions given by them during the registration period set for the nominee-registered shareholders.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the Annual General Meeting without any changes.5. Further instructions for attendees of the Annual General MeetingThe official language of the meeting is Swedish. There is no simultaneous interpretation at the meeting.Shareholders present at the Annual General Meeting have the right to present questions about the matters discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.Shareholders are welcome to participate in coffee service arranged after the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting the total number of shares in Aktia Bank Plc is 72 796 887 shares  representing 72 796 887 votes. The company holds on the date of this notice a total number of 121 608 of its own shares. The shares held by the company on the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not entitle to vote at the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  7 March 2024AKTIA BANK PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSAppendix 1: information on the proposed new members of the Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Lasse Svens  Chairman of the Board  tel. +358 500 562 945Ari Syrjäläinen  General Counsel  tel. +358 10 247 6350Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdCentral mediawww.aktia.comAktia is a Finnish asset manager  bank and life insurer that has been creating wealth and wellbeing from one generation to the next for 200 years. We serve our customers in digital channels everywhere and face-to-face in our offices in the Helsinki  Turku  Tampere  Vaasa and Oulu regions. Our award-winning asset management business sells investment funds internationally. We employ approximately 860 people around Finland. Aktia's assets under management (AuM) on 31 December 2023 amounted to EUR 13.7 billion  and the balance sheet total was EUR 12.0 billion. Aktia's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (AKTIA). aktia.com.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Stock Exchange Release', 'Aktia Bank Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Correction', 'Notice', 'March', '09:31', 'Aktia Bank Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Aktia Bank Plc shareholders', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Nomination Board', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'annual remuneration', 'aktia.com', 'Aktia shares', 'Annual Report', 'Typing errors', 'section C1.', 'voting sheets', 'voting rights', 'other interventions', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'accommodation expenses', 'daily allowance', 'gross amount', 'The Board', ""shareholders' rights"", 'meeting remuneration', 'board meeting', 'advance voting', 'Remuneration Report', 'Committee meetings', 'board member', 'Deputy Chairman', 'travel instructions', 'dividend payment', 'remunerations', 'members', '7 March', 'Correction', 'Notice', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', 'Helsinki', 'Persons', 'webcast', 'company', 'website', 'investors/corporate-governance', 'annual-general-meeting', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'CEO', '13 March', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'register', 'accordance', 'rules', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'term', 'Chairmen', 'country', 'residence', 'Compensation', 'line', 'form', 'account', 'market', 'price', '4.30', '4.00', '3.00']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37104,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2841956/0/en/Nexstim-Plc-Invitation-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Nexstim Plc: Invitation to the Annual General Meeting,Company announcement  Helsinki  7 March 2024 at 10 AM (EET)   Nexstim Plc: Invitation to the Annual General Meeting   Nexstim Plc (NXTMH:HEX) (“Nexstim”...,Company announcement  Helsinki  7 March 2024 at 10 AM (EET)Nexstim Plc: Invitation to the Annual General MeetingNexstim Plc (NXTMH:HEX) (“Nexstim” or the “Company”) is pleased to invite shareholders to the Annual General Meeting of the Company on March 28  2024  commencing at 10:00 am (EEST) at Nexstim’s head office  Elimäenkatu 9 B (courtyard)  4th floor  00510 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 9:30. There will be no coffee service.Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersAt the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  the following matters will be considered:1 OPENING THE MEETING2 CALLING THE MEETING TO ORDER3 ELECTION OF THE PERSONS TO SCRUTINISE THE MINUTES AND TO SUPERVISE THE COUNTING OF VOTES4 ESTABLISHING THE LEGALITY OF THE MEETING5 RECORDING THE ATTENDANCE AT THE MEETING AND THE VOTING LIST6 PRESENTATION OF THE ANNUAL ACCOUNTS INCLUDING CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS  THE REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDITOR'S REPORT FOR YEAR 2023Review by the CEO7 ADOPTION OF THE ANNUAL ACCOUNTS8 RESULT OF THE FINANCIAL YEARThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be paid for the financial period 1 Jan – 31 Dec 2023 and that the result for the financial year be recorded in the retained earnings account.9 DISCHARGING THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE CEO FROM LIABILITY10 RESOLUTION ON THE NUMBER OF MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSThe Nomination Board of Shareholders (“Nomination Board”) representing the largest shareholders proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board shall have four (4) members.11 ELECTION OF THE CHAIR AND THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that:in accordance with their consents to serving on the Board  Martin Forss  Leena Niemistö  Tero Weckroth and Timo Hildén shall be re-elected as members of the BoardLeena Niemistö is elected as Chair of the Board.Leena Niemistö is independent of the Company but not independent of Company’s major shareholders due to the fact that she together with Kaikarhenni Oy  a company controlled by Ms. Niemistö  together hold approximately 15 38% (on 31 December 2023) of all registered shares and voting rights of the Company. Other proposed members of the Board are independent of the Company and its major shareholders.The mutual view of the Nomination Board is that the entire Board are suitable for the roles individually and collectively  and Leena Niemistö is suitable to act as the Chair of the Board.12 RESOLUTION ON THE REMUNERATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND REIMBURSEMENT OF TRAVEL EXPENSESThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the members of the Board of Directors chosen in the Annual General Meeting be remunerated for the period ending at Annual General Meeting 2025 as follows:€24 000 and 12 000 option rights for the Chair of the Board of Directors;€12 000 and 8 500 option rights for other members;That no member of the Board of Directors acting in the Nomination Board of the Shareholders shall receive any fees based on such membership;That a member of the Board of Directors will be entitled to remuneration only for the period during which he/she is working as a member of the Board of Directors;that the company establish an option program for the members of the Board of Directors  priced 20 trading days after the date of the Annual General Meeting for trading on the VWAP Helsinki list  with a subscription period of 1 July 2025-15 December 2030;that the target group of the binding stock option plan is the members of the Board of Directors who are independent of the company. However  the target group member does not have to be independent of the company's shareholders; andthat the amount of the remunerations for 2024 will be determined in euro.It is resolved that according to the Company’s policy  the cash remuneration is paid in four installments.The purpose of the option plan to be established is to commit the participants to the company  to combine the objectives of the shareholders and participants and thus to increase the value of the company.Ownership recommendationThe Nomination Board proposes that the General meeting of Shareholders recommends that the members of the Board of Directors hold options given as reward as long as their mandate as a member of the Board of Directors continues.Travelling expensesIn addition the Nomination Board proposes that reasonable travel expenses are reimbursed against receipts to the members of the Board of Directors  following the principles of the company’s travel policy. This applies both to members of the Board of Directors and  to the extent applicable  members of the Board of Directors acting as members of the Nomination Board of the Shareholders.13 ELECTION OF AUDITORThe Board of Directors proposes that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorized Public Accountant  which has appointed Authorized Public Accountant Tiina Puukkoniemi as the principal auditor  be elected as the Company’s auditor for the period ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. The proposed auditor has given their consent to the election.14 RESOLUTION ON THE REMUNERATION OF THE AUDITORThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor be paid reasonable remuneration in accordance with the invoice approved by the Company.15 EXTENSION OF THE AUTHORIZATION GRANTED TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AT A PREVIOUS ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING TO DECIDE ON THE ISSUE OF SHARES AND SPECIAL RIGHTS ENTITLING TO SHARESThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors' previous authorization  which was extended in 2023 at the Annual General Meeting  be renewed and that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on (i) the issuance of new shares and/or (ii) the transfer of the Company’s own shares and/or (iii) the issuance of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act with the following terms:Right to shares:New shares may be issued and the Company’s own shares transferredto the Company's shareholders in proportion to their current shareholdings in the Company; ordeviating from the shareholders' pre-emptive right through one or more directed share issue  if the Company has a weighty financial reason to do so  such as the use of shares as consideration for possible acquisitions or other arrangements related to the company's business or financing of investments.The new shares can also be issued to the Company itself free of charge. Share issue against payment and without payment: New shares may be issued and treasury shares held by the Company may be transferred either against payment (Share issue against payment) or free of charge (Share issue without payment). A directed share issue can only be without payment if there is a very serious financial reason for it from the Company’s point of view and taking into account the interests of all its shareholders.Maximum number of shares:Pursuant to the authorization  the Board of Directors is entitled to decide on the issuance of new shares and/or the transfer of the Company’s own shares so that the total number of issued and/or transferred shares does not exceed 1 300 000 shares  which corresponds to the number of remaining authorizations of the authorization decided at the Annual General Meeting of 2023.Issuance of special rights:The Board of Directors may issue special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act  which entitle the holder to receive new shares or the Company’s own shares in against payment. The right may also be granted to the Company’s creditor in such a way that the right is subject to the condition that the creditor’s claim is used to set off the share subscription price (convertible bond).The number of new shares to be subscribed to under the special rights granted by the Company and the number of treasury shares to be transferred held by the Company may not exceed a total of 1 300 000  which is included in the maximum number mentioned in the “Maximum number of shares” -section above.Recording of the subscription price in the balance sheet:The subscription price of the new shares and the amount to be paid for the Company’s own shares must be entered in the invested unrestricted equity fund.Other terms and validity:The Board of Directors decides on all other matters related to the authorizations.The authorizations are valid until the next Annual General Meeting from the decision of this Annual General Meeting. The proposed authorization does invalidate the authorization resolved at the Annual General Meeting of 2023 in the amount corresponding to this resolution regarding share issue  issuing of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares but no other authorizations.16 AUTHORIZATION INTENDED TO BE USED FOR THE LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLANS FOR THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  MANAGEMENT AND THE PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANYThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on share issues as well as issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares  pursuant to Chapter 10 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The shares issued under the authorization are new shares or treasury shares in the Company's possession. Based and within the limits of this authorization  the Board of Directors can also decide on issuance(s) of option rights or other special rights set forth in Chapter 10 the Limited Liability Companies Act complementing or replacing issuance(s) of shares. New shares can also be issued as a free share issue to the Company itself.Share issue against payment and without payment:New shares can be issued and the company's own shares can be transferred either against payment (paid share issue) or without payment (free share issue). A directed share issue can only be free of charge if there is a very serious financial reason for it from the Company's point of view and taking into account the interests of all its shareholders.Under the authorization  a maximum of 37 500 shares may be issued  which corresponds to approximately 0.55 percent of all the shares in the Company after the share issue  provided that new shares are issued  considering all registered shares of the Company.The shares  option rights and/or other special rights entitling to shares can be issued in one or more tranches. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on all terms for the share issues and the terms for the granting of the option rights and other special rights entitling to shares.The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on a directed share issue and issue of the special rights entitling to shares in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  provided that there is a serious financial reason for the Company to do so.The authorization is valid for five (5) years from the decision of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. The authorization may be used for the implementation of long-term incentive plans for the members of the Board of Directors  management  and the personnel of the Company. The authorization can also be used for incentive arrangements and payment of the Board fees.Authorizations do not revoke previously granted and registered authorizations on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares or issuance of option rights.17 CLOSING THE MEETINGA. Documents of the Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersThis invitation to the Annual General Meeting  which includes the proposals made to the Annual General Meeting  is available on Nexstim Plc’s website at https://nexstim.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ as well as at the Company’s head office. The Annual accounts  Consolidated accounts  report of the Board of Directors and Auditor’s report are available on the abovementioned website no later than 7 March 2024. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting are available on the abovementioned website no later than 11 April 2024.B. Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders1. Shareholders registered in the shareholder registerEach shareholder registered on 18 March 2024 in the shareholders’ register of Nexstim maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. A shareholder whose shares are registered in their personal book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of Nexstim.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  shall register for the meeting no later than March 24  2024  at 10:00 a.m. by giving a prior notice of participation. Such notice can be given:(a) on the Company’s website: https://nexstim.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/; or(b) by mail to address Nexstim Plc  “Annual General Meeting” Elimäenkatu 9B  00510 Helsinki  FinlandIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative. The personal data given to Nexstim Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting of Shareholders and with the processing of related registrations.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on March 18  2024  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by March 25  2024 at 10.00 a.m. As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting of Shareholders from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and exercise his/her rights at the Meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.Possible proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Nexstim Plc  “Annual General Meeting” Elimäenkatu 9 B  00510 Helsinki  Finland before the last date for registration.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Meeting.The meeting will be conducted in Finnish language. Part of the material presented at the meeting will be in English language.On the date of this notice to the Annual General meeting of Shareholders  dated March 7  2024  the total number of shares and votes in Nexstim Plc is 6 765 562.Helsinki on 7 March 2024NEXSTIM PLCBoard of DirectorsFurther information is available on the website www.nexstim.com  or by contacting:Leena Niemistö  Chair of Board of Directors+358 9 2727 170leena.niemisto@nexstim.comThe Company’s Certified Advisor is Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ).About Nexstim PlcNexstim is a Finnish  globally operating growth-oriented medical technology company. Our mission is to enable personalized and effective diagnostics and therapies for challenging brain diseases and disorders.Nexstim has developed a world-leading non-invasive brain stimulation technology for navigated transcranial magnetic stimulation (nTMS) with highly sophisticated 3D navigation providing accurate and personalized targeting of the TMS to the specific area of the brain.Nexstim’s Diagnostics Business focuses on commercialization of the Navigated Brain Stimulation (NBS) system. The NBS System 5 is the only FDA cleared and CE marked navigated TMS system for pre-surgical mapping of the speech and motor cortices of the brain.Nexstim’s Therapy Business markets and sells the NBS System 6 which is FDA cleared for marketing and commercial distribution for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in the United States. In Europe  the NBS 6 system is CE marked for the treatment of major depression and chronic neuropathic pain.Nexstim shares are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland.For more information  please visit www.nexstim.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.47,0.23,0.3,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Nexstim Plc', 'Invitation', 'binding stock option plan', 'Elimäenkatu 9 B', 'Timo Hildén', 'Annual General Meeting', 'reasonable travel expenses', 'VWAP Helsinki list', 'Other proposed members', 'target group member', 'The Nomination Board', 'ANNUAL ACCOUNTS', 'VOTING LIST', '12,000 option rights', '8,500 option rights', 'option program', 'Travelling expenses', 'head office', '4th floor', 'coffee service', 'CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS', 'earnings account', 'Martin Forss', 'Leena Niemistö', 'Tero Weckroth', 'Leena Niemistö', 'Kaikarhenni Oy', 'Ms. Niemistö', 'registered shares', 'voting rights', 'mutual view', 'four installments', 'Ownership recommendation', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'travel policy', 'other members', 'FINANCIAL YEAR', 'Nexstim Plc', 'following matters', 'financial period', 'subscription period', 'entire Board', 'cash remuneration', 'largest shareholders', 'four (4) members', 'major shareholders', 'Company announcement', '00510 Helsinki', '10 AM', 'Invitation', 'NXTMH', 'HEX', 'March', 'courtyard', 'reception', 'persons', 'agenda', 'ORDER', '3 ELECTION', 'MINUTES', 'COUNTING', 'VOTES', 'LEGALITY', 'ATTENDANCE', '6 PRESENTATION', 'REPORT', 'DIRECTORS', 'AUDITOR', 'Review', 'CEO', '7 ADOPTION', '8 RESULT', 'dividend', 'Jan', 'Dec', 'LIABILITY', '10 RESOLUTION', 'NUMBER', '11 ELECTION', 'CHAIR', 'accordance', 'consents', 'fact', 'roles', '12 RESOLUTION', 'REIMBURSEMENT', 'fees', 'membership', 'trading', '1 July', 'amount', 'remunerations', 'euro', 'purpose', 'participants', 'objectives', 'value', 'options', 'reward', 'mandate', 'addition', 'receipts', 'principles', 'extent', 'applicable', 'Author', '10:00', '2024']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37105,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARTMARKET-COM-5174/news/Artmarket-com-Artprice-by-Artmarket-com-28th-annual-report-The-Art-Market-in-2023-A-new-re-46116704/,Artmarket.com :  Artprice by Artmarket.com: 28th annual report - The Art Market in 2023. A new record number of artworks sold at auction. Biggest national marketplace: the USA. Female artists showed spectacular growth,(marketscreener.com)  Our 28th Artprice Annual Report “The Art Market in 2023” offers a global summary and analysis of auction results for works of fine art – paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  prints  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs …,"Our 28th Artprice Annual Report “The Art Market in 2023” offers a global summary and analysis of auction results for works of fine art – paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  prints  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs – throughout the year (January 1 to December 31  2023). It does not cover antiques  anonymous cultural property  or furniture.All prices indicated in this Artprice by Artmarket Report refer to public auction results  buyers' fees included. The $ symbol refers to the US dollar.Artprice's 2023 Art Market Report cover  featuring the NFT “Chaos under the Pure Light” by 1dontknows[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/03/image1-artmarket-com-artprice-com-2023-art-market-report-cover-featuring-nft-chaos-under-the-pure-light-by-1dontknows.jpg ]The bottom line figures for the global art market in 2023 are positive with transactions up significantly (+5%) and a historic record in the number of works sold.2023 stands out as the most dynamic year in the history of the global Art Market  with more than a million works put up for auction and 763 000 transactions.According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and Founder of Artprice: “This growth resulted from a spectacular progression of auctioneers' Internet activities with a 545% growth in the advertisement of Internet auctions  and a 285% growth in the number of ‘live sales' around the world  after three years of Covid pandemic. Such growth figures were previously expected for 2027-2029.”The United States maintained its first place generating 35% of global art market auction turnover  but with China hot on its heels with 33%.Moreover  in this year of Franco-Chinese cultural & touristic cooperation  art market professionals are expecting a substantial expansion of the Chinese art market  possibly taking the leader position in 2024.For the compilation of our latest annual report (the world's most comprehensive report on the global art market)  Artprice by Artmarket.com – world leader in Art Market information – has pursued its collaboration – for the 15th consecutive year – with its partner  the Chinese State group  Artron. The global coverage of art auctions made possible by the association of Artprice and Artron ARAA has resulted in an exhaustive view of the structural evolution of the global art market and its trends on a global scale.In this report  Artprice presents  among other data  its now famous rankings  including the Top 500 artists by annual auction turnover (on fine art and NFTs) in 2023  as well as the Top 100 fine art and NFT works sold at auction in 2023  showing  notably  the spectacular success of female artists.The dematerialization of the art market on the Internet is today the dominant trend on all 5 continents of the world  relegating physical auction rooms to the 20th century.Artprice by Artmarket is pleased to announce the publication of its 28th Report “The Art Market in 2023”  available free of charge  in full and in three languages  online as well as in PDF format :French:https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/le-marche-de-lart-en-2023https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/le-marche-de-lart-en-2023.pdfEnglish:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2023https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/the-art-market-in-2023.pdfMandarin:https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/zh-the-art-market-in-2023https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/zh-the-art-market-in-2023.pdfGeneral overview of 2023: from a ‘seller's market' to a ‘buyer's market'The volume of Fine Art and NFT auction transactions reached a record level: 762 800 lots sold compared with 723 700 in 2022 (+5%).Fine Art and NFT auction turnover totaled $14.9 billion  compared with $17.4 billion in 2022. This 2023/2022 turnover drop can be mainly explained by a reduced consignment of works worth more than $50 million  which resulted in a shortfall of approximately $1.5 billion versus 2022. Indeed  2022 saw 24 works valued above $50 million generate $1.95 billion compared with just six lots above that price threshold generating $494.5 million in 2022.The global average unsold rate rose from 35% in 2022 to 38% in 2023  suggesting buyers were more selective in 2023.According to Artprice by Artmarket's Founding CEO  ‘the adage about the art market: “ The right work  the right theme  the right period  with the right provenance and the right artist ” was more than ever true in 2023'.The average auction price of an artwork in 2023 was $19 550.Half the works (the median price) fetched under $700 in 2023  making art generally more affordable.80% of artworks fetched under $4 130.Artprice's Global Price Index increased by +2% between January 1  2023 and December 31  2023.Contemporary Art represents 17% of the art market  compared with 16% in 2022 and only 3% in 2000. In 2000  Contemporary Art generated $69 million compared with $2.53 billion in 2023. The Contemporary art market has therefore increased 36-fold in 23 years  reflecting a historic phenomenon with Contemporary Art becoming a primary locomotive of the global art market.Modern art remained the largest segment of the art market  accounting for 40% of its auction turnover revenue (compared with 38% in 2022).Two works exceeded the symbolic threshold of $100 million in 2023  one in New York and the other in London (versus 6 results above $100 million in 2022).In 2023  Artprice counted 1 548 seven-digit auction results as well as 2 NFT results above that threshold (versus 1 682 and 1 NFT lot in 2022).Among the 1 550 seven-digit auction results  206 were hammered for female artists  or 13%.Soft Power: the U.S.A. maintains its first placeThe United States (even after a 28% contraction vs. 2022) hammered 174 600 auction results generating $5.2 billion  or 35% of the global art market's total art auction turnover (vs. 160 000 lots sold and $7.3 billion in 2022  or 42% of global art auction turnover). The contraction essentially came from the lower number of high-end consignments (works valued above $50 million).China (+4%) returned to growth  generating $4.9 billion  or 33% of the global art auction turnover. (vs. $5.9 billion in 2022 and 35% of global turnover).The UK (-15%) consolidated its third place with $1.8 billion  or 12% of the global market(vs. $2.1 billion in 2022 and 12% of global turnover). Sotheby's in London hammered a new auction record for a work of fine art in the UK: $108 million for Gustav Klimt's Lady with a Fan (1917/18). When looked at over the longer term  it is clear that Brexit has negatively impacted the UK's art auction market.France (-11%) totaled $875 million (6% of global turnover) from 106 000 lots sold(vs. $988 million in 2022 accounting for 6% of the global market). It consolidated its leader position on the European continent in terms of art auction turnover. As regards transaction volumes  it ranks second after the United States. France is indeed gaining strength in the high-end segment. Looking at the decade  its art auction turnover has shown strong growth with a significant increase in the number of seven-digit results (up approximately 80% since the years 2011-2014).Germany 's art auction turnover shrank 3% after four years of growth: $372 million for 2.5% of the global market (vs. $383 million in 2022 for 2.2% of global turnover).Italy consolidated its 6th place on the global market (+2%) with $197 million from 44 500 lots sold (vs. $193 million in 2022 from 40 400 lots sold).India posted the strongest turnover growth (+76%) and established itself among the Asian markets ahead of Japan ($144 million). In 2023  it generated $152 million from just 2 075 lots sold (vs. $87 million in 2022 from 1 500 lots sold).It also hammered a new auction record for a fine artwork sold in India when Amrita Sher-Gil's The S tory T eller (1937) fetched $7.4 million at Safronart in Mumbai.Principal marketplaces by Fine Art & NFT auction turnover in 2023[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/03/image2-artmarket-com-artprice-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2023.jpg ]Auction houses and salesSotheby's was once again the leading auction house on the planet for the sale of Fine Art and NFTs  generating $3.8 billion.Christie's posted a sales turnover of $3.5 billion in 2023.Sotheby's slightly outperformed Christie's in New York  London  Hong Kong and Milan.In Paris  Christie's was the stronger auctioneer.Sotheby's (with 26%) and Christie's (with 24%) accounted for half of the global art auction turnover (vs. 24% and 35% respectively in 2022).The most lucrative collection sold in 2023 was that belonging to Emily Fischer Landau  which totaled $406 million on November 8  2023 at Sotheby's New York (far behind the Paul G. Allen sale in 2022 which totaled $1.6 billion at Christie's).Phillips remained the world's third largest art auction vendor with a total of $573 million and it hosted a very first sale in Paris.China Guardian was the leading Chinese auction house with a total of $539 million  ahead of Poly Auction ($517 million).Bonhams' total ($219 million) was added to by their acquisition of Cornette de Saint Cyr ($38 million)  Bukowskis ($31 million)  Bruun Rasmussen ($27 million) and Skinner ($8 million).Artcurial (with $78 million vs. $92 million in 2022) was the leading French fine art auction operator.Artworks and Artists – by creative periodOld Masters (artists born before 1759)Old Master sales represent 11% of the lots sold and 9% of global art auction turnover (vs. 11% of lots sold and 7% of turnover in 2022).A 14th-century drawing by the great Chinese master  Wang Meng  exceeded $40 million on November 30  2023 in Beijing  at China Guardian.In New York  two paintings by Rubens sold for $26 million and $25 million at Sotheby's (in January and then in May).19th Century (artists born between 1760 and 1859)19th Century art accounted for 9% of the total lots sold and 8% of total auction turnover (vs. 10% of lots sold and 14% of turnover in 2022).The painting Les Flamants (1910) set a new personal auction record for Douanier Rousseau  at $43.5 million at Christie's New York.Modern Art (artists born between 1860 and 1919)Modern Art remained  more than ever  the leading segment of the art market  accounting for 36% of the lots sold in 2023 and 40% of global art auction turnover (vs. 36% of lots sold and 38% of turnover in 2022).Pablo Picasso was the top-selling artist of the year at auction  generating $596 million (3rd in 2022 with $494 million).Picasso's Woman with a watch (1932) became the 10th most expensive artwork in auction history (at $139 363 500 on November 8  2023 at Sotheby's New York) and his second best-ever result after The Les Femmes d'Alger (Version O) (1955) which fetched $179 million in 2015.Gustav Klimt's Lady with a Fan (1917/19) fetched the highest-ever art auction result in the UK at $108 million.Zhang Daqian was once again among the top most successful artists in the world at auction in 2023 with a turnover of $230 million.Post-War Art (artists born between 1920 and 1944)Post-War Art accounted for 26% of the lots sold and 25% of global art auction turnover (vs. 26% of lots sold and 26% of turnover in 2022).Gerhard Richter was the top-selling living artist in 2023 at auction with 303 lots sold for $214 million.In the absence of exceptional paintings  Andy Warhol dropped to 5th place among the world's top-selling artists with $198 million in 2023 (versus 1st place in 2022 with $590 million).Yayoi Kusama climbed to 8th place among the world's top-selling artists with $189 million. She was the only female artist in the Top 10.Joan Mitchell fetched a new personal auction record at $29 million for her Untitled (c.1959) at Christie's in New York on November 9  2023.Contemporary Art (artists born after 1945)Contemporary Art accounted for 18% of lots sold and 17% of global art auction turnover (vs. 18% of lots sold and 16% of turnover in 2022).Jean-Michel Basquiat rose to 2nd place in Artprice's ranking with $238 million (vs. 7th in 2022 with $221 million).Nicole Eisenman's (b. 1965) work Support Systems for Women  No. 1 (1998) purchased for $10 800 in 2006 at Phillips in New York  was resold for $400 000 by Sotheby's in London.NFT auctionsPublic auctions of NFTs generated a total of $22.7 million with 350 lots sold and 53 unsold (vs. $13.8 million  with 384 lots sold and 171 unsold in 2022).Dmitri Cherniak (1988) was the world's top-selling NFT artist at auction in 2023 with 14 works sold for $7.9 million.His Ringers #879 (The Goose) (2021) fetched $6.2 million at Sotheby's in New York on June 15  2023.The “Grails: Property from an Iconic Digital Art Collection Part II” session hosted by Sotheby's on June 15  2023 totaled $10.9 million.Artificial Intelligence  Generative Art  the recovery of Bitcoin and Ethereum cryptocurrencies are all favorable factors for the NFT market in 2024.Demand for works by wo men artists saw further spectacular growthThe greatest female artists of the 20th-century are being given the place they deserve on the art market. This trend is due to a deliberate policy among key market players to revalue their works both historically and monetarily. This has involved the inclusion of a growing number of their works in sales catalogs which has naturally contributed to a gain in their market visibility. The progression has been rapid with the number of transactions concerning female artists doubling in five years and tripling in ten years. This year  the number of works by women artists sold at auction reached a historic peak  and it's a dynamic that is far from over.In conclusion  somewhat counter-intuitively  given the very difficult geopolitical and economic context  the art market is displaying resilient health  with regular records hammered for works from all the creative periods and regions of the world during recent sales. We have not noted any cancellation of classic and/or prestigious cataloged sales for 2023 and 2024 to date  which are the main indicators of the health of the art market.The major auction houses and investors know very well that the art market is a safe haven  an investment  as shown by the Artprice100© index  which clearly outperforms traditional stock market indices. The current period of uncertainty on the stock markets is nevertheless bringing new funds and investments into the art market.Artprice had already noted that despite major crises  such as those relating to the Nasdaq crash in 2000  the terrorist attacks of September 11  2001  the war against the Taliban that began in 2001  the Iraq war that began in 2003  the subprime and CDS crises in and after 2007  the effective ‘negative' interest rates that began (in the West) in 2011  the Covid crisis that began in 2019… the art market has been relatively less affected than the financial markets and the overall economy.The dematerialization of the art market on the Internet is now the dominant trend on all 5 continents  and is in the process of relegating physical auction rooms to 20th century. It is undeniable that the 20th century art market was a primarily Western phenomenon and that from now on  the Asia Pacific region is playing on an equal footing with the West.With its 27 years of art market expertise  Artprice by Artmarket has noted that the average age of its 7.2 million customers and members has decreased from 63 in 1997 to 41 in 2023.It is clear that the art market  one of the oldest markets in the world  is now moving rapidly and irrevocably towards the digital era (thereby closing its particularly pronounced digital backwardness of a few years ago) and a whole new generation (that of 30-45 years old) on a global scale. This generation is now on permanent watch via mobile Internet.With its Intranet connection to its 7 200 partner Auction Houses  Artprice by Artmarket can see this paradigm shift every day: from the scheduled closure of physical auction rooms and the permanent migration to Internet activities.The 28th Annual Report Artprice by Artmarket “The Art Market in 2023”  is available free of charge  in full and in three languages  online as well as in PDF format :French:https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/le-marche-de-lart-en-2023https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/le-marche-de-lart-en-2023.pdfEnglish:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2023https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/the-art-market-in-2023.pdfMandarin:https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/zh-the-art-market-in-2023https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/zh-the-art-market-in-2023.pdfImages:[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/03/image1-artmarket-com-artprice-com-2023-art-market-report-cover-featuring-nft-chaos-under-the-pure-light-by-1dontknows.jpg ][ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/03/image2-artmarket-com-artprice-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2023.jpg ]Copyright 1987-2024 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.comTry our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demoSubscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/02/2024_Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information (the original documentary archives  codex manuscripts  annotated books and auction catalogs acquired over the years ) in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 825 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 7200 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million (‘members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).The Art Market's future is now brighter than ever with Artprice's Artmarket® Intuitive AIArtmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket's Global Art Market Report  “The Art Market in 2023”  published in March 2024:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2023Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2023 Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2023Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 6.5 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum “The Abode of Chaos” (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013La Demeure du Chaos / Abode of ChaosGESAMTKUNSTWERK & SINGULAR ARCHITECTUREConfidential bilingual work now public:https://ftp1.serveur.com/abodeofchaos_singular_architecture.pdfL'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: ir@artmarket.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nGifYsebYW+Wx2ppYcmampdqa2tlm5XIaWiZlWRqlZmdnWxmm5mUaseYZnFlmmdn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84521-artprice-by-artmarket-com-28-th-annual-art-market-report-new-record-of-artworks-biggest-marketplace-the-usa-female-artists-growth.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",positive,0.58,0.4,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.34,0.26,True,English,"['28th annual report', 'The Art Market', 'new record number', 'Biggest national marketplace', 'Female artists', 'spectacular growth', 'Artmarket.com', 'Artprice', 'artworks', 'auction', 'USA', 'global art market auction turnover', 'global average unsold rate', '2023 Art Market Report cover', 'The Contemporary art market', '28th Artprice Annual Report', 'annual auction turnover', '2023/2022 turnover drop', 'The United States', 'bottom line figures', 'Chinese State group', 'latest annual report', 'NFT auction turnover', 'The Art Market', 'physical auction rooms', 'average auction price', 'anonymous cultural property', 'Global Price Index', 'art market professionals', 'Chinese art market', 'Art Market information', 'public auction results', ""auctioneers' Internet activities"", '15th consecutive year', 'Such growth figures', 'a million works', 'Top 100 fine art', 'NFT auction transactions', '28th Report', 'global summary', 'global coverage', 'global scale', 'art auctions', 'comprehensive report', 'Franco-Chinese cultural', 'Top 500 artists', 'price threshold', 'median price', 'Artmarket Report', 'NFT works', 'US dollar', 'historic record', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'spectacular progression', 'Internet auctions', 'live sales', 'Covid pandemic', 'first place', 'touristic cooperation', 'substantial expansion', 'leader position', 'exhaustive view', 'structural evolution', 'other data', 'famous rankings', 'spectacular success', 'female artists', 'dominant trend', '20th century', 'three languages', 'PDF format', 'General overview', 'record level', 'reduced consignment', 'right work', 'right theme', 'right period', 'right provenance', 'right artist', 'historic phenomenon', 'dynamic year', 'Artmarket.com', ""buyers' fees"", 'three years', 'Artron ARAA', 'six lots', 'Founding CEO', 'world leader', 'Pure Light', '763,000 transactions', '545% growth', '285% growth', '762,800 lots', '23 years', '24 works', 'analysis', 'paintings', 'sculptures', 'drawings', 'photographs', 'prints', 'videos', 'installations', 'tapestries', 'NFTs', 'January', 'December', 'antiques', 'furniture', 'prices', '$ symbol', 'Chaos', '1dontknows', 'imgpublic', 'image1-artmarket', 'art-market-report', 'featuring', 'number', 'history', 'Founder', 'advertisement', 'China', 'heels', 'compilation', 'collaboration', 'partner', 'association', 'trends', 'dematerialization', '5 continents', 'publication', 'charge', 'artprice-reports', 'marche', 'lart', 'English', 'Mandarin', 'seller', 'volume', 'shortfall', 'adage', 'artwork']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37106,Euroclear,Bing API,https://news.err.ee/1609276200/anders-slund-russia-s-sovereign-assets-in-west-have-to-be-seized-sent-to-ukraine,Anders Åslund: Russia's sovereign assets in West have to be seized  sent to Ukraine,The aim of the Western financial system should not be to serve authoritarian kleptocrats. The question is not whether Russia should pay  but how to make Russia pay  writes Anders Åslund  a leading specialist on the East European economies ,"The aim of the Western financial system should not be to serve authoritarian kleptocrats. The question is not whether Russia should pay  but how to make Russia pay  writes Anders Åslund   a leading specialist on the East European economies. The Riigikogu Constitutional Committee convened a public meeting with foreign experts on March 7 to discuss uses of Russia's frozen assets to pay Ukraine for war damage.Ukraine's economy has suffered immensely from Russia's war of aggression. Seventeen percent of its territory remains occupied by Russian troops  and Ukraine's gross domestic product has shrunk by 29 percent.This damage now exceeds $486 billion  according to the World Bank. The collective West has long maintained that Russia must not only be held responsible  but must also be made to pay for the damage it has caused. This must be done in a timely manner and in full.On November 14  2022  the UN General Assembly passed a strong resolution holding Russia accountable and forcing it to pay war reparations to Ukraine. It stated that Russia must ""bear the legal consequences of all its internationally wrongful acts  including the payment of compensation for the injury  including all damage  caused by such acts.""This resolution recognized that an international institution should be created to implement this compensation to be set up in cooperation with Ukraine.The G-7 has taken the lead in Western policymaking on financial support for Ukraine. ""It is not right for Russia to decide if or when it will pay for the damage it has caused in Ukraine. /.../ Russia's obligations under international law to pay for the damage it is causing are clear "" the G-7 resolved on February 24.""We are determined to dispel any false notion that time is on Russia's side  that destroying infrastructure and livelihoods has no consequences for Russia  or that Russia could prevail by causing Ukraine to fail economically. Russia should not be able to indefinitely delay payment it owes. We recognize the urgency of disrupting Russia's attempts to destroy the Ukrainian economy and Russia's continued failure to abide by its international law obligations. We are determined to ensure full accountability and we support Ukraine in obtaining compensation for the loss  injury and damage resulting from Russia's aggression.""The question thus is not whether Russia should be forced to pay. The extraction of war reparations is a standard practice and they are never voluntary. After World War II  Finland and East Germany were forced to pay major war reparations to the Soviet Union.After World War I  not only German state assets were confiscated  but also all German private assets outside of Germany. After Iraq's assault on Kuwait in 1990  Iraq was forced to pay $52.4 billion in war reparations  and it paid it all.The question is how to force Russia to pay. Fortunately  there is an obvious way to force Russia to pay now. Immediately after Russia's full-scale attack on Ukraine in February 2022  the G-7 ""immobilized"" the Russian central bank's currency reserves in the West. They amount to about $285 billion  of which about $200 billion is sitting in Euroclear in Brussels  a private  for-profit financial settlement company.These funds should be seized by Western governments and transferred to a Western central bank escrow account to be passed on to Ukraine as war reparations.""We reaffirm that  consistent with our respective legal systems  Russia's sovereign assets in our jurisdictions will remain immobilized until Russia pays for the damage it caused to Ukraine "" the G-7 stated.""/.../ We ask our ministers to continue their work and update ahead of the Apulia Summit [in June 2024] on all possible avenues by which immobilized Russian sovereign assets could be made use of to support Ukraine  consistent with our respective legal systems and international law.""Within the G-7  Canada adopted legislation to confiscate both Russian sovereign assets and the property of sanctioned Russian individuals in 2022. More recently  the United Kingdom has strongly called for the confiscation of Russian sovereign assets  which is the Ukrainian government's line. Japan seems to feel the same way  while the United States is dithering. The U.S. Congress appears to have a bipartisan majority in favor of confiscating Russian sovereign assets  while Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen is hesitant. Germany  France and Italy have expressed doubts and are leaning on the European Central Bank.Basically  there are two lines of argument against the seizure of Russia's sovereign assets. One group refers to international law  and the other expresses fears of financial destabilization.The arguments based on international law have been convincingly rejected by groups of international lawyers led by Harvard Law Professor Laurence Tribe and Philip Zelikow of the Hoover Institution. Since Russia does not recognize any international legal rights  how could it demand international legal protection? On the contrary  Russia's violation of international law requires countermeasures  such as asset seizures. Even so  some claim that it would violate international law  especially those who benefit from the Russian assets  such as Euroclear  but they fail to provide any real argument.The main economic argument against confiscating Russia's central bank reserves has been that it could lead to financial destabilization. Cristine Lagarde  the president of the European Central Bank  is the main proponent of this argument. She claims that the euro would be undermined because foreigners would refuse to keep their money in euros. But this argument is flawed.First of all  the Russian central bank reserves have been immobilized for two years already  and no destabilization or flight from Western currencies took place.Second  a reserve currency has to be stable  convertible and be based on a large free open economy with good rule of law. Therefore  there are only two credible and willing reserve currencies  the U.S. dollar and the euro  which consistently account for 80 percent of all global currency reserves.The International Monetary Fund maintains statistics on all international currency reserves in the world. At the end of September 2023  U.S. dollars accounted for 59 percent of all currency reserves  the euro for 20 percent  the Japanese yen for 5.5 percent  the British pound sterling for 4.8 percent  the Canadian dollar for 2.5 percent  and the Australian dollar for 2.0 percent. Chinese yuan made up only 2.4 percent of all global reserves (essentially from Russia for political reasons)  and other currencies 3.9 percent.Finally  the aim of the Western financial system should not be to serve authoritarian kleptocrats.Apart from the vast U.S. and Eurozone economies  all financial authorities want to avoid hosting reserve currencies that drive up their exchange rates and make it more difficult for them to export goods and services that generate jobs. The yuan and other emerging market currencies do not fulfill the necessary criteria of stability  convertibility  open markets  and rule of law  so they cannot serve as reserve currencies or hideouts. Thus  as long as the G-7 acts in unison  there is no risk of financial destabilization.Now is the time to act because the Western resources for financing Ukraine are running low. Western support for Ukraine needs to be roughly $100 billion a year  $60 billion for arms  and $40 billion to cover the Ukrainian budget deficit. In 2023  both the EU and the US paid up in full  but it appears all too likely that the EU will have to manage with the $61 billion the United States committed to Ukraine for 2024.The only plausible additional large source of funding is the immobilized Russian sovereign assets in the West. Russia must not be allowed to win a financial war against Ukraine. Confused politicians in a few large European countries need to face up to reality.Anders Åslund is the author of ""Russia's Crony Capitalism: The Path from Market Economy to Kleptocracy.""--Follow ERR News on Facebook and Twitter and never miss an update!",neutral,0.05,0.71,0.24,mixed,0.05,0.26,0.69,True,English,"['Anders Åslund', 'sovereign assets', 'Russia', 'West', 'Ukraine', 'Harvard Law Professor Laurence Tribe', 'Western central bank escrow account', 'Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'The Riigikogu Constitutional Committee', 'profit financial settlement company', 'The U.S. Congress', 'European Central Bank', 'Russian central bank', 'gross domestic product', 'UN General Assembly', 'respective legal systems', 'Western financial system', 'German state assets', 'East European economies', 'international legal rights', 'international legal protection', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'World War II', 'German private assets', 'major war reparations', 'international law obligations', 'World Bank', 'Western policymaking', 'Western governments', 'asset s', 'financial support', 'financial destabilization', 'Russian troops', 'Russian individuals', 'The G-7', 'legal consequences', 'international institution', 'international lawyers', 'authoritarian kleptocrats', 'Anders Åslund', 'leading specialist', 'public meeting', 'foreign experts', 'timely manner', 'false notion', 'standard practice', 'Soviet Union', 'obvious way', 'full-scale attack', 'currency reserves', 'Apulia Summit', 'possible avenues', 'United Kingdom', 'Ukrainian government', 'United States', 'bipartisan majority', 'two lines', 'One group', 'Philip Zelikow', 'Hoover Institution', 'East Germany', 'Seventeen percent', 'collective West', 'strong resolution', 'wrongful acts', 'Ukrainian economy', 'full accountability', 'war damage', '29 percent', 'aim', 'question', 'March', 'uses', 'Ukraine', 'aggression', 'territory', 'November', 'internationally', 'payment', 'compensation', 'injury', 'cooperation', 'February', 'side', 'infrastructure', 'livelihoods', 'urgency', 'attempts', 'failure', 'loss', 'extraction', 'Finland', 'Iraq', 'assault', 'Kuwait', 'Euroclear', 'Brussels', 'funds', 'jurisdictions', 'ministers', 'work', 'June', 'Canada', 'legislation', 'property', 'confiscation', 'Japan', 'favor', 'France', 'Italy', 'doubts', 'argument', 'seizure', 'fears', 'groups', 'contrary', 'violation', 'countermeasures']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,news.err.ee
37107,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/debate/article-13171113/ANDREW-ROBERTS-political-leaders-right-compare-Putin-Hitler-Thats-need-spend-defence-Churchill-urged-Thirties.html,ANDREW ROBERTS: Our political leaders are right to compare Putin to Hitler. That's why we need to spend much more on defence - as Churchill urged in the Thirties,Study history. Study history ' Sir Winston Churchill told a Coronation lunch held in Westminster Hall in May 1953. 'In history lies all the secrets of statecraft.','Study history. Study history ' Sir Winston Churchill told a Coronation lunch held in Westminster Hall in May 1953. 'In history lies all the secrets of statecraft.'One of the reasons Churchill was an historian himself was because he profoundly believed that a primary purpose for studying the past was to inform and encourage action in the present.So what are we to make of Foreign Secretary David Cameron's recent reference to history – his powerful speech to the United Nations last month in which he equated Russia's actions towards Ukraine with the way that Adolf Hitler and the Nazis behaved in the 1930s?After the Russian ambassador tried to accuse Volodymyr Zelensky of being a Nazi  Lord Cameron responded by pointing out  correctly  that  'The only people behaving like Nazis are Putin and his cronies who thought they could invade a country  take its territory and ultimately the world would look away.'Of course  there are serious political consequences that follow upon equating Vladimir Putin to Hitler  and one of them is that you need to put your money where your mouth is.'Study history. Study history ' Sir Winston Churchill (pictured) told a Coronation lunch held in Westminster Hall in May 1953. 'In history lies all the secrets of statecraft'You cannot make the perfectly valid comparison  but then not spend the necessary money to counter the threat that you have just articulated in front of the whole world.You cannot act as Churchill did before the Second World War  which was to warn the world of the impending threat  but not then do what Churchill also did  which was to call for large-scale rearmament to deal with it.And yet there are absolutely no signs that the Government is prepared to do this. In Wednesday's Budget  Jeremy Hunt made no commitment to spending more on defence.Britain currently pays barely ONE-FIFTIETH – just 2 per cent – of her national income on her defence  and that figure can be reached only by adding the costs of such indirect defence items as widows' pensions and the intelligence services.At a time when we are witnessing the worst war in Europe since 1945 – one that the Hitler-lite  Putin  now appears to be starting to win – the British Army cannot fill its already-depleted ranks  the Royal Air Force is mothballing its fighter squadrons  and the Royal Navy can barely put a flotilla together to protect shipping in the Red Sea  while its recent Trident missile test was an embarrassing failure.Meanwhile  Russia is threatening to put nuclear weapons into space.In the 1930s  Churchill articulated the pressing need for boosting spending on all three services – to deter the Nazis if at all possible  or to defeat them if not.Churchill started warning of the danger Nazi Germany posed within weeks of Hitler becoming Chancellor  telling the Commons on April 13  1933  that  'As Germany acquires full military equality with her neighbours... while she is in the temper which we have unhappily seen  so surely should we see ourselves within a measurable distance of the renewal of European war.'By November 1933  Churchill was speaking of 'the obvious fear which holds all the nations who are neighbours of Germany'.This also has its modern parallels with the way that Latvia  Lithuania  Estonia and Poland view Putin's Russia – in a 2021 essay written before the full-scale invasion in which Putin laid claim to Ukraine being Russian  he mentioned Lithuania in a similar vein no fewer than 17 times.Of course  there are serious political consequences that follow upon equating Vladimir Putin to Hitler (pictured)  and one of them is that you need to put your money where your mouth isYet the British Army is in danger of becoming merely 'a domestically-centred land force' with no capacity for projecting force overseas to defend our allies  according to a leaked letter from General Sir Patrick Sanders  the Chief of the General Staff.As early as February 1934  Churchill was saying the RAF needed far more fighter and bomber aircraft  warning of how  after a declaration of war by Germany  'within the next few hours the crash of bombs exploding in London and cataracts of masonry and fire and smoke will apprise us of any inadequacy which has been permitted in our aerial defences'.He was not listened to by a nation still mourning the Great War and fearing that rearming might provoke another  or by a government which thought him an opportunistic warmonger.Churchill recognised that far from provoking war  heavy Western rearmament might instead deter the man whom Lord Cameron has now compared to Putin.'I could not see how you could prevent war better ' Churchill said in July 1934  'than by confronting an aggressor with the prospect of such a vast concentration of force  moral and material  that even the most reckless  even the most infuriated leader would not attempt to challenge those great forces.'Instead  however  British rearmament was postponed until it was almost too late.'Moral and material.' Churchill understood that the demoralisation of the West  the sense that democracies such as Britain and France were weak and divided  influenced the decision-making of the totalitarians in Nazi Germany  Fascist Italy and Imperial Japan.Similarly  moral vigour is desperately needed on the part of the United States  the G7  Nato and Britain today in order to deter countries such as Russia  China and Iran from ripping up the rules-based international order.No message would be stronger  especially in the aftermath of the suspicious death in custody of Alexei Navalny  than if the West were to sequester the $300billion of Russia's frozen assets presently being held in Brussels by Euroclear  and give it to Ukraine for its defence and reconstruction.That would be the Churchillian thing to do – but does our Government have the anti-appeasing moral vigour to do it?We should all hope so fervently. In fact  the Government needs to do more than this. It must increase defence expenditure to a minimum of 3.5 per cent of GDP.The Budget would have been an ideal moment to show it plans to do so  but – as we have seen – Mr Hunt continues to sit on his hands.It's not as if an increase to 3.5 per cent would be an earth-shattering break with custom and practice. Historically  defence spending was around 5.5 per cent of GDP during much of the 1970s  and reached 6 per cent in the Falklands War in 1982.Neville Chamberlain's government finally woke up to the Nazi threat  and it was able to build the Hurricanes and Spitfires that saved Britain.The year of peace bought by the humiliating Munich Agreement was used by the Nazis to build much more weaponry and train many more soldiers than Britain  but nonetheless British air defences were in a much better state in 1940 than in 1938.Modern defence industries require far longer research and development lead times today than in the 1930s  so if rearmament is to take place using new technologies  there is no time to waste.We currently have only enough 155mm shells – the standard type – in this country for one week of fighting at the rate experienced in Ukraine today.Churchill would be sickened at the brinksmanship being practised by Britain in the presence of a clearly growing global threat to democracy by evil totalitarian and murderous regimes.Beside my desk is a framed letter from Aldous Huxley  who wrote  'That men do not learn the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach us.'Given that the Foreign Secretary correctly used the Second World War as the analogy by which to judge our present dangers  where is the clear counterpart to that – namely large-scale rearmament?Churchill wrote in his war memoirs how  back in the 1930s  his exhortations were ignored by fellow MPs. 'Although the House listened to me with close attention ' he said  'I felt a sensation of despair.To be so entirely convinced and vindicated in a matter of life and death to one's country  and not to be able to make Parliament and the nation heed the warning  or bow to the proof by taking action  was an experience most painful.'Must we really undergo that pain all over again?,neutral,0.15,0.77,0.08,negative,0.03,0.25,0.72,True,English,"['ANDREW ROBERTS', 'political leaders', 'Putin', 'Hitler', 'defence', 'Churchill', 'Thirties', 'recent Trident missile test', 'Foreign Secretary David Cameron', 'General Sir Patrick Sanders', 'serious political consequences', 'full military equality', 'heavy Western rearmament', 'Sir Winston Churchill', 'indirect defence items', 'Royal Air Force', 'Second World War', 'recent reference', 'General Staff', 'Lord Cameron', 'Royal Navy', 'large-scale rearmament', 'British rearmament', 'Coronation lunch', 'Westminster Hall', 'primary purpose', 'powerful speech', 'Russian ambassador', 'Volodymyr Zelensky', 'valid comparison', 'Jeremy Hunt', '2 per cent', 'national income', ""widows' pensions"", 'intelligence services', 'British Army', 'depleted ranks', 'Red Sea', 'embarrassing failure', 'nuclear weapons', 'pressing need', 'three services', 'measurable distance', 'obvious fear', 'modern parallels', 'full-scale invasion', 'similar vein', 'bomber aircraft', 'aerial defences', 'vast concentration', 'infuriated leader', 'great forces', 'land force', 'worst war', 'European war', 'Great War', 'Study history', 'United Nations', 'impending threat', 'fighter squadrons', 'necessary money', 'Vladimir Putin', 'Adolf Hitler', 'Nazi Germany', 'May', 'secrets', 'statecraft', 'reasons', 'historian', 'past', 'action', 'present', 'Ukraine', 'way', 'Nazis', '1930s', 'people', 'cronies', 'country', 'territory', 'mouth', 'front', 'signs', 'Government', 'Wednesday', 'Budget', 'commitment', 'Britain', 'ONE-FIFTIETH', 'figure', 'costs', 'time', 'Hitler-lite', 'flotilla', 'shipping', 'space', 'spending', 'warning', 'danger', 'weeks', 'Chancellor', 'Commons', 'April', 'neighbours', 'temper', 'renewal', 'November', 'Latvia', 'Lithuania', 'Estonia', 'Poland', '2021 essay', 'claim', 'capacity', 'allies', 'leaked', 'letter', 'Chief', 'February', 'declaration', 'next', 'hours', 'crash', 'bombs', 'London', 'cataracts', 'masonry', 'fire', 'smoke', 'inadequacy', 'rearming', 'July', 'aggressor', 'prospect', 'moral', 'material', 'sense', 'democracies']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,dailymail.co.uk
37108,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/irish-news/courts/man-jailed-for-sending-explicit-messages-to-someone-he-believed-was-a-14-year-old-girl/a103605367.html,Man jailed for sending explicit messages to someone he believed was a 14-year-old girl,A Dublin man has been jailed for sending explicit messages to someone he believed was a 14-year-old girl.,A Dublin man has been jailed for sending explicit messages to someone he believed was a 14-year-old girl.Keith Redmond (45) of Clearstream Court  McKee Avenue  Finglas pleaded guilty at Dublin Circ… [+146 chars],negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['explicit messages', '14-year-old girl', 'Man', 'someone', 'A Dublin man', 'Dublin Circ', 'explicit messages', '14-year-old girl', 'Keith Redmond', 'Clearstream Court', 'McKee Avenue', 'someone', 'Finglas', '+146 chars']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,independent.ie
37109,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/crime-law/courts/2024/03/07/man-jailed-for-sending-explicit-messages-to-someone-he-believed-was-a-14-year-old-girl/,Man jailed for sending explicit messages to someone he believed was a 14-year-old girl,Two-year sentence handed down by judge who notes offending took place over three months and describes charge as ‘inherently serious’,Keith Redmond pleaded guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to attempting  by electronic means  to disseminate sexually explicit material to a child. Photograph: Collins CourtsA Dublin man has been jailed for sending explicit messages to someone he believed was a 14-year-old girl.Keith Redmond (45) of Clearstream Court  McKee Avenue  Finglas  pleaded guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to attempting  by electronic means  to disseminate sexually explicit material to a child between August 30th and December 3rd  2022.Passing sentence on Thursday  Judge Orla Crowe said this offending took place over three months and described the charge as “inherently serious”.The judge said the aggravating factors before the court were that Redmond moved the conversation to a private platform when he was aware that the decoy was 14 years of age. There were 83 pages of sexually explicit conversation and Redmond sent four pictures of his penis to the decoy.READ MOREThe judge said she would consider as mitigating factors his early guilty plea  his admissions  and he gave up his phone to gardaí. He has no previous convictions. He was a married father but has now lost his marriage and his job. In a letter written by Redmond  he outlines his shame and remorse.The judge said the threshold for a custodial sentence had been passed. She sentenced Redmond to two years in prison  with the final six months suspended for one year.She also placed him under the supervision of Probation Services for one year post-release. She further ordered that Redmond have no unsupervised access to children.At a previous hearing  the court heard that the alarm was raised by a UK-based group called Volunteers for Predator Exposure.That group seeks out people who attempt to communicate with children by creating decoys and waiting to see if the decoy is contacted.In this case  the group created a decoy called Amber  a 14-year-old girl living in Leeds in the UK.The court heard that Redmond had put his details on a social media platform called Kick as “male  44  from Ireland” and that Amber had connected with him.During her plea in mitigation  Anne Rowland SC  defending  told the judge that this case had caused her concern and should cause the court concern.She said her client had posted a profile on a widely used website that was not dedicated to porn or underage children  without seeking to contact anyone underage  and a message had come to him.She said her client had been approached by a UK-based person seeking out predators who are abusing or seeking to exploit underage girls. She said this was not the case with her client.She said the messaging was “not nice” and had sexual content  but submitted he indicated to a Probation Officer that he was playing out a fantasy and there would never be a meeting.She said her client had not shown up for an arranged meeting and contact was again initiated by the decoy following two weeks of “radio silence” from her client.She said there was something very objectionable about the methods of the organisation which set out to entrap her client. She said he had nothing of this nature on his mind and was “beguiled” into it.Garda Tracey O’Reilly told Karl Moran BL  prosecuting  that within a few messages  Redmond asked Amber what age she was and she replied 14.Ms Rowland pointed out that Redmond then replied  “OK I’m a bit too old for you”  whereupon the decoy said  “it’s up to you” and Redmond answered  “add me so”.The court heard that Redmond then requested that the conversation move to the private messaging service WhatsApp.The court heard there was a “grooming element” in that Redmond discussed meeting Amber for sexual activity  offered to buy her a phone and discussed running away to live together.They spoke about booking a hotel in Leeds and Redmond said he would have to act as her father and she would have to pretend to be his daughter.“Your Mum would kill me if she knew I was texting you so this is our secret ” one text read  while another told Amber she was Redmond’s “sexy secret”.The court heard that the UK group used open-source technology to locate the person making contact with their decoy and then got in touch with a similar Irish group called Child Online Protection Enforcers.Members of this group located Redmond on a laneway beside Boyle Sports on Manor Street in Dublin 7 and there were “angry scenes” the court heard  before gardaí were called and Redmond asked for Garda protection.Redmond gave his phone to gardaí and told them about the conversations on Kick and WhatsApp with Amber. He said they talked about “normal stuff” at first but that it turned serious and they talked about what they would do to one another.,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['explicit messages', '14-year-old girl', 'Man', 'someone', 'Garda Tracey O’Reilly', 'Dublin Circuit Criminal Court', 'A Dublin man', 'Karl Moran BL', 'final six months', 'social media platform', 'Anne Rowland SC', 'early guilty plea', 'similar Irish group', 'private messaging service', 'Judge Orla Crowe', 'private platform', 'three months', 'Ms Rowland', 'electronic means', 'explicit material', 'Collins Courts', '14-year-old girl', 'McKee Avenue', 'August 30th', 'December 3rd', 'four pictures', 'READ MORE', 'previous convictions', 'one year', 'Probation Services', 'unsupervised access', 'previous hearing', 'sexual content', 'Probation Officer', 'two weeks', 'radio silence', 'grooming element', 'sexual activity', 'one text', 'open-source technology', 'Boyle Sports', 'Manor Street', 'angry scenes', 'normal stuff', 'Garda protection', 'Clearstream Court', 'UK-based group', 'underage girls', 'explicit messages', 'aggravating factors', 'married father', 'custodial sentence', 'two years', 'UK-based person', 'arranged meeting', 'sexy secret', 'explicit conversation', 'court concern', 'UK group', 'Keith Redmond', 'underage children', 'gardaí', '14 years', 'Photograph', 'someone', 'Finglas', 'Thursday', 'offending', 'place', 'charge', 'decoy', '83 pages', 'penis', 'admissions', 'phone', 'marriage', 'job', 'letter', 'shame', 'remorse', 'threshold', 'prison', 'supervision', 'release', 'alarm', 'people', 'case', 'Leeds', 'details', 'Ireland', 'Amber', 'mitigation', 'client', 'profile', 'website', 'porn', 'predators', 'fantasy', 'contact', 'something', 'methods', 'organisation', 'nature', 'mind', 'WhatsApp', 'hotel', 'daughter', 'Mum', 'touch', 'Members', 'laneway', 'conversations', 'Kick']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,irishtimes.com
37110,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/deutsche-borse-names-new-ceo-to-replace-theodor-weimer/,Deutsche Börse names new CEO to replace Theodor Weimer,New CEO had been responsible for overseeing pre- & post-trading division at Deutsche Börse and takes over from Theodor Weimer after six years.,Stephan Leithner has been appointed as the chief executive officer for Deutsche Börse  taking on the role from 1 October 2024.Leithner will take over the position from Theodor Weimer who has held the CEO job since 2018. The two will operate as co-CEOs until the end of the year.Leithner has been a member of the executive board of Deutsche Börse AG since 2018  responsible for pre- & post-trading. In the role he has been chairperson for Clearstream and covered Investment Management Solutions segment with ISS STOXX and SimCorp.Deutsche Borse said a decision on his succession will be made in due course.“I would like to thank the supervisory board for this vote of confidence and I am delighted to take on my new role ” said Leithner. “In recent years  we have successfully developed the business model and demonstrated the potential of this company and  in particular  its employees  who work in 56 locations around the world. The challenge now is to further realise this potential across the Group to shape the markets of the future.”Weimer took over the CEO role in 2018  moving over from his CEO position at HypoVereinsbank UniCredit Bank.During that time  he has overseen the acquisition of SimCorp and Axioma  among other initiatives such as a 10-year partnership with Google Cloud.Martin Jetter  chairman of the supervisory board of Deutsche Börse AG  said: “Stephan Leithner is a proven and recognised expert in the capital markets to be CEO. He knows the global exchange landscape and understands the needs of our clients. In recent years  Stephan Leithner has played a significant role in the strategic development of the company. We are convinced that Stephan Leithner has all the prerequisites to continue Deutsche Börse’s successful development.”Looking back on Theodor Weimer’s term of office  Jetter added: “In 2018  Theodor Weimer was faced with the challenge of leading Deutsche Börse out of a period of deep uncertainty. He and his team have accomplished this challenge with brilliance. The annualised growth in net revenue and EBITDA of 13 per cent during his term speaks for itself. Today  Deutsche Börse is once again a self-confident company that enjoys a high level of public trust. I would like to thank Theodor Weimer for leading Deutsche Börse to new strength.”,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'new CEO', 'Theodor Weimer', 'Investment Management Solutions segment', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading Deutsche Börse', 'HypoVereinsbank UniCredit Bank', 'global exchange landscape', 'chief executive officer', 'Deutsche Borse', 'executive board', 'ISS STOXX', 'due course', 'supervisory board', 'recent years', 'business model', 'other initiatives', '10-year partnership', 'Google Cloud', 'recognised expert', 'strategic development', 'successful development', 'deep uncertainty', 'annualised growth', 'net revenue', '13 per cent', 'high level', 'public trust', 'new strength', 'Theodor Weimer', 'CEO job', 'new role', 'significant role', 'Stephan Leithner', 'Martin Jetter', 'capital markets', 'CEO role', 'self-confident company', 'CEO position', '1 October', 'CEOs', 'end', 'member', 'post-trading', 'chairperson', 'Clearstream', 'SimCorp', 'decision', 'succession', 'vote', 'confidence', 'potential', 'employees', '56 locations', 'world', 'challenge', 'Group', 'future', 'time', 'acquisition', 'Axioma', 'chairman', 'needs', 'clients', 'prerequisites', 'term', 'period', 'team', 'brilliance', 'EBITDA']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,thetradenews.com
37111,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/peoplemovesarticle.php?article_id=15371&navigationaction=peoplemovesnews&newssection=People%20Moves,Deutsche Börse appoint Leithner as new CEO,Stephan Leithner will begin his new position on 1 October  initially lead Deutsche Börse as a co-CEO with Theodor Weimer until the end of the year,Deutsche Börse appoint Leithner as new CEOThe Supervisory Board of Deutsche Börse has appointed Stephan Leithner as the company's new CEO.He will begin his new position on 1 October and initially lead Deutsche Börse as a co-CEO together with Theodor Weimer until the end of the year.Leithner has been a member of the executive board of Deutsche Börse AG since 2018  where he was responsible for pre and post-trading.His current areas of responsibility include the investment management solutions segment with ISS STOXX and SimCorp as well as the Group’s post-trading business with Clearstream.Previously  Leithner was with Deutsche Bank AG from 2000 to 2015. Initially he was responsible for building up the capital markets and M&A business  and in 2012 he became a member of the executive board.Before joining Deutsche Bank  he was a partner at McKinsey & Company.Leithner comments: “In recent years  we have successfully developed the business model and demonstrated the potential of this company. The challenge now is to further realise this potential across the Group to shape the markets of the future.”Martin Jetter  chairman of the supervisory board of Deutsche Börse AG  adds: “In recent years  Stephan has played a significant role in the strategic development of the company.“We are convinced that he has all the prerequisites to continue Deutsche Börse's successful development.”,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'new CEO', 'Leithner', 'investment management solutions segment', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'M&A business', 'The Supervisory Board', 'business model', 'executive board', 'new position', 'Theodor Weimer', 'current areas', 'ISS STOXX', 'recent years', 'Martin Jetter', 'significant role', 'strategic development', 'successful development', 'post-trading business', 'new CEO', 'capital markets', 'Leithner comments', 'Stephan Leithner', 'company', '1 October', 'end', 'member', 'pre', 'responsibility', 'SimCorp', 'Group', 'Clearstream', 'partner', 'McKinsey', 'potential', 'challenge', 'future', 'chairman']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,assetservicingtimes.com
37112,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://money.usnews.com/investing/news/articles/2024-03-08/deutsche-boerse-appoints-stephan-leithner-as-new-ceo,Deutsche Boerse Appoints Stephan Leithner as New CEO,FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Deutsche Boerse on Friday announced that board member Stephan Leithner will become the new chief executive of the German stock exchange operator  one of the nation's largest financial firms.,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Deutsche Boerse on Friday announced that board member Stephan Leithner will become the new chief executive of the German stock exchange operator  one of the nation's largest financial firms.Leithner  on Deutsche Boerse's board since 2018  will succeed the current CEO Theodor Weimer  who last year announced he would not pursue another term when his contract ran out at the end of 2024  saying ""fresh blood"" was needed.Deutsche Boerse began looking for internal and external candidates in September  and local media had speculated that Leithner was a potential successor.Deutsche Boerse in recent years has tried to grow through mergers and acquisitions  and has profited from the market volatility that drives trading and its revenue. It has also benefited from higher interest rates and the income that generates.""The challenge now is to further realise this potential across the group to shape the markets of the future "" Leithner said in a statement.Before Weimer assumed the helm in 2018  Deutsche Boerse had had turbulent years  trying and failing to merge with the London Stock Exchange to create a global titan in the industry.Weimer restored some calm as he sought a series of smaller deals - succeeding in buying Danish investment management software company SimCorp and Institutional Shareholder Service but failing in an approach for Borsa Italiana.Deal-making is still part of Deutsche Boerse's strategy.Before joining Deutsche Boerse  Leithner  was a member of Deutsche Bank's management board and then a partner at EQT  a private equity company.Leithner and Weimer will be co-CEOs from Oct. 1 through 2024 to ""ensure an orderly transition""  the company said. Leithner will then be solo CEO.The decision was taken on Friday at a meeting of the supervisory board.(Reporting by Tom Sims  Editing by Louise Heavens and David Evans)",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.04,0.23,0.73,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Stephan Leithner', 'New CEO', 'Danish investment management software company', 'German stock exchange operator', 'current CEO Theodor Weimer', 'London Stock Exchange', 'new chief executive', 'largest financial firms', 'higher interest rates', 'Institutional Shareholder Service', 'private equity company', 'management board', 'solo CEO', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'fresh blood', 'external candidates', 'local media', 'recent years', 'market volatility', 'turbulent years', 'global titan', 'smaller deals', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Deutsche Bank', 'orderly transition', 'Tom Sims', 'Louise Heavens', 'David Evans', 'supervisory board', 'potential successor', 'board member', 'Stephan Leithner', 'FRANKFURT', 'Reuters', 'Friday', 'nation', 'term', 'contract', 'end', 'internal', 'September', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'trading', 'revenue', 'income', 'challenge', 'group', 'markets', 'future', 'statement', 'helm', 'industry', 'calm', 'series', 'SimCorp', 'approach', 'Deal-making', 'part', 'strategy', 'EQT', 'CEOs', 'Oct.', 'decision', 'meeting']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,money.usnews.com
37113,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/deutsche-boerse-appoints-stephan-leithner-as-ceo-board-chairman-85b21634,Deutsche Boerse Appoints Stephan Leithner as CEO  Board Chairman,By Helena Smolak Deutsche Boerse appointed Stephan Leithner as the company's new chief executive officer and chairman of its executive board for five,By Helena Smolak Deutsche Boerse appointed Stephan Leithner as the company's new chief executive officer and chairman of its executive board for five,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Stephan Leithner', 'Board Chairman', 'CEO', 'new chief executive officer', 'executive board', 'Helena Smolak', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Stephan Leithner', 'company', 'chairman']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,marketwatch.com
37114,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/dgap/Custodian-Property-Income-REIT-plc-Notice-of-Adjourned-General-Meeting-n16664212.html,Custodian Property Income REIT plc: Notice of Adjourned General Meeting,Further to the announcement on 27 February 2024  regarding confirmation of adjournment of the CREI General Meeting in connection with the Recommended Merger  notice is hereby given that the adjourned general meeting of CREI (the “Adjourned CREI General Meeting”) will be held at the offices of Deutsche Numis ,"NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN  INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.8 March 2024Custodian Property Income REIT plc(the ""Company"" or “CREI”)Notice of Adjourned General Meetingregarding recommended all-share merger with abrdn Property Income Trust Limited (""Recommended Merger"")Further to the announcement on 27 February 2024  regarding confirmation of adjournment of the CREI General Meeting in connection with the Recommended Merger  notice is hereby given that the adjourned general meeting of CREI (the “Adjourned CREI General Meeting”) will be held at the offices of Deutsche Numis  45 Gresham Street  London EC2V 7BF at 9.30 a.m. on 19 March 2024.The Notice for the Adjourned CREI General Meeting is expected to be posted to CREI Shareholders shortly.Any proxy votes previously submitted for the General Meeting held on 27 February 2024 will apply to the Adjourned CREI General Meeting. Shareholders who have already submitted a proxy vote for the General Meeting and who do not wish to change their voting instructions do not need to take any further action. Shareholders who have already submitted a proxy vote for the General Meeting and who now wish to change their voting instructions should follow the procedures set out in the Notice of Adjourned CREI General Meeting.The expected timetable of revised principal events is as follows:Latest time and date for receipt of forms of proxy for the CREI General Meeting 9.30 a.m. on 15 March 2024 CREI General Meeting 9.30 a.m. on 19 March 2024 API Court Meeting 10.00 a.m. on 20 March 2024 API General Meeting 10.15 a.m. on 20 March 2024Capitalised terms used in this announcement  unless otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in the Scheme Document in relation to the Recommended Merger published by API on 1 February 2024.EnquiriesCustodian Property Income REIT plc David MacLellan (Chair) via Deutsche Numis Deutsche Numis(Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker to CREI) Nathan Brown Stuart Ord Alexander Kladov George Shiel +44 20 7260 1000 FTI Consulting(Financial PR Adviser to CREI) Richard Sunderland Andrew Davis Oliver Parsons +44 20 3727 1000Important NoticesNumis Securities Limited (which is trading for these purposes as Deutsche Numis) (""Deutsche Numis"")  which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for CREI and for no one else in connection with the Recommended Merger and/or any other matter referred to in this announcement and will neither regard any other person as its client nor be responsible to anyone other than CREI for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in connection with the Recommended Merger  the contents of this announcement  or any other matters referred to in this announcement. Neither Deutsche Numis nor any of its affiliates owes or accepts any duty  liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct  indirect  consequential  whether in contract  in tort  under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Deutsche Numis in connection with this announcement  any statement or other matter or arrangement referred to herein or otherwise.Further informationThis announcement is not intended to and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities or the solicitation of any vote in any jurisdiction.No person should construe the contents of this announcement as legal  financial or tax advice. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this announcement or the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own independent financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or from an independent financial adviser duly authorised under FSMA if you are resident in the United Kingdom  or another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser  if you are in a territory outside the United Kingdom.The release  publication or distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions outside the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about  and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities law of any such jurisdiction.Forward-looking statementsThis announcement  oral statements made regarding the Recommended Merger  and other information published by CREI and API contain statements about CREI  API and/or the Combined Group that are or may be deemed to be ""forward-looking statements"". All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this announcement  may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are prospective in nature and are not based on historical facts  but rather on current expectations and projections of CREI and API about future events  and are therefore subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements contained in this announcement include statements relating to the expected effects of the Recommended Merger on CREI and API  the expected timing and scope of the Recommended Merger and other statements other than historical facts. Often  but not always  forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""is subject to""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or statements that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""should""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will"" be taken  occur or be achieved. Forward looking statements include statements relating to the following: (i) future capital expenditures  expenses  revenues  earnings  synergies  economic performance  indebtedness  financial condition  dividend policy  losses and future prospects; and (ii) business and management strategies and the expansion and growth of CREI's or API's or the Combined Group's operations and potential synergies resulting from the Recommended Merger.Although CREI and API believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  neither CREI nor API can give assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future.There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include  but are not limited to: the ability to complete the Recommended Merger; the ability to obtain requisite regulatory and shareholder approvals and the satisfaction of other Conditions on the proposed terms; changes in the global political  economic  business and competitive environments and in market and regulatory forces; changes in future exchange and interest rates; changes in tax rates; future business combinations or disposals; changes in general economic and business conditions; changes in the behaviour of other market participants; the anticipated benefits from the Recommended Merger not being realised as a result of changes in general economic and market conditions in the countries in which CREI and API operate; weak  volatile or illiquid capital and/or credit markets; changes in the degree of competition in the geographic and business areas in which CREI and API operate; and changes in laws or in supervisory expectations or requirements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected  estimated or projected in the forward-looking statements. If any one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialises or if any one or more of the assumptions proves incorrect  actual results may differ materially from those expected  estimated or projected. Such forward-looking statements should therefore be construed in the light of such factors.Neither CREI nor API  nor any of their respective associates or directors  officers or advisers  provides any representation  assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements in this announcement will actually occur. Given the risks and uncertainties  you are cautioned not to place any reliance on these forward-looking statements. Other than in accordance with their legal or regulatory obligations  neither CREI nor API is under any obligation  and each of CREI and API expressly disclaim any intention or obligation  to update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Disclosure Requirements of the CodeUnder Rule 8.3(a) of the Code  any person who is interested in 1 per cent. or more of any class of relevant securities of an offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror (being any offeror other than an offeror in respect of which it has been announced that its offer is  or is likely to be  solely in cash) must make an Opening Position Disclosure following the commencement of the Offer Period and  if later  following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified.An Opening Position Disclosure must contain details of the person’s interests and short positions in  and rights to subscribe for  any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s). An Opening Position Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(a) of the Code applies must be made by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the 10th business day (as defined in the Code) following the commencement of the offer period and  if appropriate  by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the 10th business day (as defined in the Code) following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. Relevant persons who deal in the relevant securities of the offeree company or of a securities exchange offeror prior to the deadline for making an Opening Position Disclosure must instead make a Dealing Disclosure.Under Rule 8.3(b) of the Code  any person who is  or becomes  interested in 1 per cent. or more of any class of relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror must make a Dealing Disclosure if the person deals in any relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror. A Dealing Disclosure must contain details of the dealing concerned and of the person’s interests and short positions in  and rights to subscribe for  any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s)  save to the extent that these details have previously been disclosed under Rule 8 of the Code. A Dealing Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(b) of the Code applies must be made by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the business day (as defined in the Code) following the date of the relevant dealing.If two or more persons act together pursuant to an agreement or understanding  whether formal or informal  to acquire or control an interest in relevant securities of an offeree company or a securities exchange offeror  they will be deemed to be a single person for the purpose of Rule 8.3 of the Code.Opening Position Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company and by any offeror and Dealing Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company  by any offeror and by any persons acting in concert with any of them (see Rules 8.1  8.2 and 8.4 of the Code).Details of the offeree and offeror companies in respect of whose relevant securities Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures must be made can be found in the Disclosure Table on the Panel’s website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk  including details of the number of relevant securities in issue  when the Offer Period commenced and when any offeror was first identified. You should contact the Panel’s Market Surveillance Unit on +44 (0)20 7638 0129 if you are in any doubt as to whether you are required to make an Opening Position Disclosure or a Dealing Disclosure.Publication on WebsiteIn accordance with Rule 26.1 of the Code  a copy of this announcement  together with a copy of the Notice of Adjourned CREI General Meeting  will be made available  subject to certain restrictions relating to persons resident in Restricted Jurisdictions  on CREI's website at https://custodianreit.com/proposed-all-share-merger-with-abrdn-property-income-trust-limited/ by no later than 12 noon (London time) on the first Business Day following the date of this announcement.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.11,0.32,0.56,True,English,"['Custodian Property Income REIT plc', 'General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Nathan Brown Stuart Ord Alexander Kladov George Shiel', 'Richard Sunderland Andrew Davis Oliver Parsons', 'Custodian Property Income REIT plc', 'abrdn Property Income Trust Limited', 'Adjourned CREI General Meeting', 'Deutsche Numis Deutsche Numis', '20 March 2024 API General Meeting', 'London EC2V 7BF', 'Numis Securities Limited', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'Financial PR Adviser', 'independent financial adviser', 'API Court Meeting', 'independent financial advice', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'share merger', 'Recommended Merger', '45 Gresham Street', 'voting instructions', 'expected timetable', 'principal events', 'Latest time', 'Capitalised terms', 'Scheme Document', 'David MacLellan', 'Corporate Broker', 'FTI Consulting', 'Important Notices', 'United Kingdom', 'other matter', 'Further information', 'tax advice', 'bank manager', 'other information', 'Combined Group', 'historical facts', 'current expectations', 'proxy votes', 'Forward-looking statements', 'oral statements', 'securities law', 'CREI Shareholders', 'other person', '19 March', '15 March', 'RELEASE', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'JURISDICTION', 'VIOLATION', 'REGULATIONS', 'SUCH', 'Company', 'announcement', '27 February', 'confirmation', 'adjournment', 'connection', 'offices', '9.30 a', 'action', 'procedures', 'revised', 'date', 'receipt', 'forms', 'meanings', 'relation', '1 February', 'Enquiries', 'Chair', 'purposes', 'one', 'client', 'protections', 'contents', 'affiliates', 'duty', 'liability', 'responsibility', 'contract', 'tort', 'statute', 'arrangement', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'invitation', 'doubt', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'FSMA', 'territory', 'persons', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'nature', 'projectio']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,stock-world.de
37115,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-adhoc-deutsche-b-246-rse-ag-stephan-leithner-to-become-new-chief-executive-officer-of-deutsche-b-246-rse-ag-1033146898,EQS-Adhoc: Deutsche Börse AG: Stephan Leithner to become new Chief Executive Officer of Deutsche Börse AG,EQS-Ad-hoc: Deutsche Börse AG / Key word(s): Personnel Deutsche Börse AG: Stephan Leithner to become new Chief Executive Officer of Deutsche Börse AG 08-March-2024 / 16:17 CET/CEST Disclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the ...,"EQS-Ad-hoc: Deutsche Börse AG / Key word(s): PersonnelDeutsche Börse AG: Stephan Leithner to become new Chief Executive Officer of Deutsche Börse AG08-March-2024 / 16:17 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The Supervisory Board of Deutsche Börse AG today appointed Mr Stephan Leithner (57) as Chairman of the Executive Board of Deutsche Börse AG for a period of five years with effect from October 1  2024.From October 1  2024 to December 31  2024 Mr Weimer and Mr Leithner will each exercise the function of Co-CEO. This will ensure an orderly transition in the chairmanship of the Executive Board of Deutsche Börse AG.For the period until October 1  2024  Mr Leithner was also appointed Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board today.Mr Leithner has been a member of the Executive Board of Deutsche Börse AG since 2018 and is currently responsible for the ""Pre- and Post Trading"" division which  in addition to the Clearstream business  also includes the ""Investment Management Solutions"" segment.The appointment of Mr Leithner takes place due to the scheduled expiry of Mr Theodor Weimer's service contract at the end of 2024  at which time Mr Weimer will be 65 years old.End of Inside Information08-March-2024 CET/CEST The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'Stephan Leithner', 'EQS-Adhoc', 'Investment Management Solutions"" segment', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'EQS Group AG', 'Post Trading"" division', 'The Supervisory Board', 'Mr Theodor Weimer', 'Mr Stephan Leithner', 'Executive Board', 'Mr Weimer', 'Mr Leithner', 'EQS News', 'Key word', 'inside information', 'five years', 'orderly transition', 'Clearstream business', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Financial/Corporate News', 'Press Releases', 'Deputy Chairman', 'service contract', 'Personnel', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'MAR', 'Regulation', 'issuer', 'content', 'period', 'effect', 'October', 'December', 'function', 'CEO', 'chairmanship', 'member', 'addition', 'appointment', 'place', 'expiry', 'end', 'time', 'Archive']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,markets.businessinsider.com
37116,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.thestreet.com/markets/nyse-merger-snag-ubiquity-ipo-deals-to-watch-11267236,NYSE Merger Snag; Ubiquity IPO: Deals to Watch,The New York-based exchange has fallen over 35% in the past three months as its merger with the Deutsche Boerse faced increasing scrutiny and trading volumes fell on global economic fears. The $9.5 billion deal between Deutsche Boerse and the leading U.S ...,The New York-based exchange has fallen over 35% in the past three months as its merger with the Deutsche Boerse faced increasing scrutiny and trading volumes fell on global economic fears. The $9.5 billion deal between Deutsche Boerse and the leading U.S ...,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.01,negative,0.02,0.27,0.71,True,English,"['NYSE Merger Snag', 'Ubiquity IPO', 'Deals', 'The New York-based exchange', 'past three months', 'global economic fears', 'leading U.S', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'increasing scrutiny', 'trading volumes', '$9.5 billion deal', 'merger']",2011-10-04,2024-03-08,thestreet.com
37117,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORVIA-EX-FAURECIA-4647/news/Forvia-ex-Faurecia-S-E-Euronext-Results-Notice-46120473/,Forvia ex Faurecia : S.E - Euronext Results Notice -March 07  2024 at 10:42 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED     INCLUDING ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSE…,"NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES (EACH AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S (""REGULATION S"") OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE ""SECURITIES ACT"") INCLUDING ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE  PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS NOTICE.FORVIA S.E. (the Offeror) announces the results of tender offers (the Tender Offers) for (i) the €1 000 000 000 2.625 per cent. Senior Notes due 2025 (ISIN XS1785467751) (of which €1 000 000 000 in aggregate nominal amount are outstanding) (the 2025 Notes) and the (ii) €950 000 000 7.250 per cent. Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due 2026 (ISIN XS2553825949) (of which €799 921 000 in aggregate nominal amount are outstanding) (the 2026 Notes and  together with the 2025 Notes  the Notes) which expired at 4:00 p.m. (London time) on 6 March 2024 (the Expiration Deadline).The Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin.In accordance with the provisions of the tender offer memorandum dated 28 February 2024 (the Tender Offer Memorandum)  the Offeror decided to increase (i) the Total Maximum Acceptance Amount (as defined in the Tender Offer Memorandum) from €750 000 000 to €800 000 000 and (ii) the 2026 Notes Sub-Cap (as defined in the Tender Offer Memorandum) from €150 000 000 to €219 746 000.Final Results of the Tender OffersFinal aggregate nominal amount of 2025 Notes accepted for purchase by the Offeror pursuant to the relevant Tender Offer: €580 254 000Aggregate nominal amount of 2025 Notes tendered pursuant to the relevant Tender Offer as at the Expiration Deadline: €580 254 000Pro-ration factor in relation to 2025 Notes: Not applicableAggregate nominal amount of 2025 Notes outstanding after the Settlement Date (as defined below): €419 746 000Final aggregate nominal amount of 2026 Notes accepted for purchase by the Offeror pursuant to the relevant Tender Offer: €219 746 000Aggregate nominal amount of 2026 Notes tendered pursuant to the relevant Tender Offer as at the Expiration Deadline: €542 065 000Pro-ration factor in relation to 2026 Notes: 38.3624%Aggregate nominal amount of 2026 Notes outstanding after the Settlement Date: €580 175 000Final Acceptance Amount: €800 000 000SettlementThe settlement date for the Tender Offers is expected to be 11 March 2024  or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (the Settlement Date)  unless the Offeror amends or extends the Settlement Date at its sole discretion.Contact InformationBanks participating to the Tender OffersStructuring Agents and Dealer Managers",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,negative,0.02,0.38,0.6,True,English,"['Euronext Results Notice', 'S.E', 'Forvia', 'Faurecia', 'March', '10:42', 'Total Maximum Acceptance Amount', 'Final aggregate nominal amount', 'U.S. SECURITIES ACT', 'Final Acceptance Amount', 'FORVIA S.E.', 'Contact Information Banks', 'tender offer memorandum', 'relevant Tender Offer', 'U.S. PERSON', 'Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes', 'Final Results', 'tender offers', 'REGULATION S', 'UNITED STATES', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'London time', 'Expiration Deadline', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Pro-ration factor', 'sole discretion', 'Structuring Agents', 'Dealer Managers', 'Settlement Date', 'ISIN XS2553825949', '2026 Notes Sub-Cap', 'The Notes', '2025 Notes', 'RELEASE', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'TERRITORIES', 'POSSESSIONS', 'DISTRICT', 'COLUMBIA', 'PUBLISH', 'NOTICE', 'Offeror', 'cent', '6 March', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'purchase', 'relation', '4:00']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37118,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2841971/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-29-March-6-2024.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 29 – March 6  2024,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 29 – March 6  2024  March 7  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext:...,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 29 – March 6  2024March 7  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 156 129 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 29  2024  up to and including March 6  2024  for €22.7 million and at an average share price of €145.20.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to € 1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 1 338 832 188.9 141.07For the period starting February 23  2024  up to and including April 29  2024  we have engaged a third party to execute €205 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 (0) 7765-391-824 t + 31 (0)172-641-407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.31,0.67,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'March', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'External Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Further information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'March', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'February', 'repurchases', 'date', 'April', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '44', '31']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37119,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2842032/0/en/EVS-joins-BEL-ESG-Index-reinforcing-commitment-to-sustainability.html,EVS joins BEL ESG Index  reinforcing commitment to sustainability,Publication on March 7  2024Non regulated information – Press release BEL ESG indexEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR),"Publication on March 7  2024Non regulated information – Press release BEL ESG indexEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS joins BEL ESG Index  reinforcing commitment to sustainabilityLiège  Belgium  March 7th  2024EVS  globally recognized as a leading provider of live video technology for broadcast and new media productions  proudly annonces its inclusion in the BEL ESG Index  a testament to the company’s unwavering dedication to environmental  social and governance (ESG) principles.The BEL ESG Index serves as a benchmark for investors and stakeholders seeking companies that prioritize sustainability and responsible business practices.The recognition  following an assessment combining economic performance with Environmental  Social and Governance consideration  is showcasing the commitment of EVS to fostering positive environmental impact  promoting social responsibility  and upholding high governance standards. The company's inclusion in the BEL ESG Index reflects its continuous efforts to align business strategies with sustainable development goals and to contribute positively to the communities in which it operates.EVS' Leadership Team expresses its gratitude for this acknowledgment  highlighting the collective efforts of team members  partners  and stakeholders who have played a crucial role in achieving this milestone. EVS remains dedicated to further enhancing its ESG performance and pursuing initiatives that create long-term value for both shareholders and society.Serge Van Herck  CEO  comments: ""We are honored to be included in the BEL ESG Index  a recognition of our steadfast commitment to sustainability. This achievement underscores the hard work and dedication of our entire team  and we look forward to continuing our journey towards a more sustainable and responsible future.""Key focus area’s of EVS' ESG initiatives include:Customer Carbon Footprint (planet)Company Carbon Footprint (planet)Talent Management (people)Diversity & Inclusion (people)Customer Experience (communities)Local Social Contribution (communities)Cybersecurity (governance)Sustainable Supply Chain (governance)Business Ethics (governance)As EVS joins the BEL ESG Index  it reaffirms its position as a responsible organization  striving for excellence not only in business performance but also in creating a positive impact on the world.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About usWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as the leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 600 team members and ensuring sales  training and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.26,0.39,True,English,"['BEL ESG Index', 'EVS', 'commitment', 'sustainability', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'gripping live sports images', 'The BEL ESG Index', 'Serge Van Herck', 'Key focus area', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Liege Science Park', '13 rue Bois Saint-Jean', 'live video technology', 'new media productions', 'sustainable development goals', 'Sustainable Supply Chain', 'positive environmental impact', 'entire production process', 'Customer Carbon Footprint', 'Local Social Contribution', 'Non regulated information', 'responsible business practices', 'high governance standards', ""EVS' Leadership Team"", 'Company Carbon Footprint', ""EVS' ESG initiatives"", 'positive impact', 'ESG) principles', 'ESG strategy', 'entire team', 'new technologies', 'Customer Experience', 'production teams', 'high ratings', 'ESG performance', 'responsible future', 'responsible organization', 'team members', 'sustainable growth', 'Press release', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'Liège', 'leading provider', 'continuous efforts', 'collective efforts', 'crucial role', 'long-term value', 'hard work', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', 'market requirements', 'market share', 'entertainment shows', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', 'technical support', 'business strategies', 'Business Ethics', 'social responsibility', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'EVS solutions', 'forward-looking statements', 'economic performance', 'Governance consideration', 'Talent Management', 'actual results', 'one industry', 'unanticipated events', 'business performance', 'unwavering dedication', 'public company', 'steadfast commitment', 'Publication', 'March', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'sustainability', 'Belgium', 'inclusion', 'testament', 'benchmark', 'investors', 'stakeholders', 'companies', 'recognition', 'assessment', 'communities', 'gratitude', 'acknowledgment', 'partners', 'milestone', 'shareholders', 'society', 'CEO', 'achievement', 'journey', 'planet', 'people', 'Diversity', 'Cybersecurity', 'position', 'excellence', 'world', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'SRL', 'respect', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'date', 'occurrence', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'real-time', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37120,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VICAT-5009/news/Vicat-20240307Vicat-PR-SBF-entry-46122550/,Vicat : 20240307_Vicat - PR SBF entry -March 07  2024 at 02:15 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   March 7  2024   Vicat announces its entry into the SBF 120 index   Isle d'Abeau  March 7  2024: Vicat group announces its integration into the SBF 120  a key index of the Paris Stock Exchange that includes the…,Press ReleaseMarch 7  2024Vicat announces its entry into the SBF 120 indexIsle d'Abeau  March 7  2024: Vicat group (Euronext Paris: FR0000031775 - VCT) announces its integration into the SBF 120  a key index of the Paris Stock Exchange that includes the top 120 shares listed on Euronext Paris in terms of liquidity and market capitalization.This decision  made by the Euronext Scientific Council on March 7  2024  following the quarterly review of Euronext Paris indices  will be effective as of March 18  2024.NEXT EVENTSAnnual General Meeting  12 April 2024First-quarter 2024 sales on 29 April 2024  after market closingINVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT: PRESS CONTACT: Pierre PEDROSA Karine Boistelle-Adnet Tel + 33 (0)6 73 25 98 06 Tel +33 (0)4 74 27 58 04 pierre.pedrosa@vicat.fr karine.boistelleadnet@vicat.frABOUT VICATFor 170 years  Vicat has been a leading player in the mineral and biosourced building materials industry. Vicat is a group listed on the Euronext Paris market and is under the majority control of the founding Merceron-Vicat family. Committed to a trajectory that will make it carbon-neutral across its value chain by 2050  the Vicat Group now operates three core lines of business: Cement  Ready-Mixed Concrete and Aggregates  as well as related activities. The Vicat Group is present in 12 countries spanning both developed and emerging markets. It has close to 10 000 employees and generated consolidated sales of €3 937 million in 2023. With its strong regional positions  Vicat is developing a circular economy model beneficial for all and consistently innovating to reduce the construction industry's environmental impact.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['PR SBF entry', 'Vicat', 'March', '02:15', 'NEXT EVENTS Annual General Meeting', 'biosourced building materials industry', 'Pierre PEDROSA Karine Boistelle-Adnet', 'founding Merceron-Vicat family', 'three core lines', 'strong regional positions', 'circular economy model', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Scientific Council', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT', 'Euronext Paris indices', 'Euronext Paris market', 'The Vicat Group', 'construction industry', 'PRESS CONTACT', 'Press Release', 'key index', 'top 120 shares', 'market capitalization', 'quarterly review', 'First-quarter 2024 sales', 'leading player', 'majority control', 'value chain', 'Ready-Mixed Concrete', 'related activities', 'emerging markets', 'consolidated sales', 'environmental impact', 'SBF 120 index', 'March', 'entry', 'Isle', 'VCT', 'integration', 'terms', 'liquidity', 'decision', '12 April', '29 April', 'boistelleadnet', 'ABOUT', '170 years', 'mineral', 'trajectory', 'business', 'Cement', 'Aggregates', '12 countries', 'developed', '10,000 employees']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37121,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVS-BROADCAST-EQUIPMENT-S-5999/news/EVS-joins-BEL-ESG-Index-reinforcing-commitment-to-sustainability-46113957/,EVS joins BEL ESG Index  reinforcing commitment to sustainability,(marketscreener.com) Publication on March 7  2024Non regulated information – Press release BEL ESG indexEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels   Bloomberg   Reuters EVS joins BEL ESG Index  reinforcing commitment to sustainability Liège  Belgium  Mar…,"Publication on March 7  2024Non regulated information – Press release BEL ESG indexEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS joins BEL ESG Index  reinforcing commitment to sustainabilityLiège  Belgium  March 7th  2024EVS  globally recognized as a leading provider of live video technology for broadcast and new media productions  proudly annonces its inclusion in the BEL ESG Index  a testament to the company’s unwavering dedication to environmental  social and governance (ESG) principles.The BEL ESG Index serves as a benchmark for investors and stakeholders seeking companies that prioritize sustainability and responsible business practices.The recognition  following an assessment combining economic performance with Environmental  Social and Governance consideration  is showcasing the commitment of EVS to fostering positive environmental impact  promoting social responsibility  and upholding high governance standards. The company's inclusion in the BEL ESG Index reflects its continuous efforts to align business strategies with sustainable development goals and to contribute positively to the communities in which it operates.EVS' Leadership Team expresses its gratitude for this acknowledgment  highlighting the collective efforts of team members  partners  and stakeholders who have played a crucial role in achieving this milestone. EVS remains dedicated to further enhancing its ESG performance and pursuing initiatives that create long-term value for both shareholders and society.Serge Van Herck  CEO  comments: ""We are honored to be included in the BEL ESG Index  a recognition of our steadfast commitment to sustainability. This achievement underscores the hard work and dedication of our entire team  and we look forward to continuing our journey towards a more sustainable and responsible future.""Key focus area’s of EVS' ESG initiatives include:Customer Carbon Footprint (planet)Company Carbon Footprint (planet)Talent Management (people)Diversity & Inclusion (people)Customer Experience (communities)Local Social Contribution (communities)Cybersecurity (governance)Sustainable Supply Chain (governance)Business Ethics (governance)As EVS joins the BEL ESG Index  it reaffirms its position as a responsible organization  striving for excellence not only in business performance but also in creating a positive impact on the world.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About usWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as the leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 600 team members and ensuring sales  training and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com .Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.26,0.39,True,English,"['BEL ESG Index', 'EVS', 'commitment', 'sustainability', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'gripping live sports images', 'The BEL ESG Index', 'Serge Van Herck', 'Key focus area', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Liege Science Park', '13 rue Bois Saint-Jean', 'live video technology', 'new media productions', 'sustainable development goals', 'Sustainable Supply Chain', 'positive environmental impact', 'entire production process', 'Customer Carbon Footprint', 'Local Social Contribution', 'Non regulated information', 'responsible business practices', 'high governance standards', ""EVS' Leadership Team"", 'Company Carbon Footprint', ""EVS' ESG initiatives"", 'positive impact', 'ESG) principles', 'ESG strategy', 'entire team', 'new technologies', 'Customer Experience', 'production teams', 'high ratings', 'ESG performance', 'responsible future', 'responsible organization', 'team members', 'sustainable growth', 'Press release', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'Liège', 'leading provider', 'continuous efforts', 'collective efforts', 'crucial role', 'long-term value', 'hard work', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', 'market requirements', 'market share', 'entertainment shows', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', 'technical support', 'business strategies', 'Business Ethics', 'social responsibility', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'EVS solutions', 'forward-looking statements', 'economic performance', 'Governance consideration', 'Talent Management', 'actual results', 'one industry', 'unanticipated events', 'business performance', 'unwavering dedication', 'public company', 'steadfast commitment', 'Publication', 'March', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'sustainability', 'Belgium', 'inclusion', 'testament', 'benchmark', 'investors', 'stakeholders', 'companies', 'recognition', 'assessment', 'communities', 'gratitude', 'acknowledgment', 'partners', 'milestone', 'shareholders', 'society', 'CEO', 'achievement', 'journey', 'planet', 'people', 'Diversity', 'Cybersecurity', 'position', 'excellence', 'world', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'SRL', 'respect', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'date', 'occurrence', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'real-time', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37122,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/503110110698984d,Warner Music Has a Plan to Acquire Believe,Warner Music issued a formal notice on Thursday disclosing its interest in acquiring the French digital music company Believe  a surprise move that would entail outbidding an earlier effort by a consortium led by the firm’s founder and CEO. The announcement  …,Warner Music issued a formal notice on Thursday disclosing its interest in acquiring the French digital music company Believe  a surprise move that would entail outbidding an earlier effort by a consortium led by the firm’s founder and CEO.The announcement  made before the opening of the Euronext Paris stock exchange  where Believe is listed  outlines a planned bid of “at…This story appeared on billboard.com   .,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,negative,0.1,0.41,0.49,True,English,"['Warner Music', 'Plan', 'Believe', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'French digital music company', 'Warner Music', 'formal notice', 'surprise move', 'earlier effort', 'planned bid', 'Thursday', 'interest', 'Believe', 'consortium', 'firm', 'founder', 'CEO', 'announcement', 'opening', 'story', 'billboard.']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,biztoc.com
37123,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/APERAM-S-A-7261038/news/Aperam-forthcoming-delisting-from-BEL20-46119623/,Aperam: forthcoming delisting from BEL20 -March 07  2024 at 09:11 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Following its March 2024 comprehensive annual review of the BEL family of indices  Euronext has announced that steelmaker Aperam and telecoms operator Proximus will be removed from the BEL20 index  in favor of Euronav and Lotus Bakeries.A…,Aperam: forthcoming delisting from BEL20March 07  2024 at 09:11 am EST ShareFollowing its March 2024 comprehensive annual review of the BEL family of indices  Euronext has announced that steelmaker Aperam and telecoms operator Proximus will be removed from the BEL20 index  in favor of Euronav and Lotus Bakeries.Aperam and Proximus will take the place of these two stocks in the Bel Mid index  from which Agfa-Gevaert will also be excluded. The change in the composition of these indices will be effective from Monday March 18.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['forthcoming delisting', 'Aperam', 'BEL20', 'March', '09:11', 'March 2024 comprehensive annual review', 'Bel Mid index', 'BEL family', 'Monday March', 'forthcoming delisting', 'telecoms operator', 'BEL20 index', 'Lotus Bakeries', 'two stocks', 'steelmaker Aperam', 'Share', 'indices', 'Euronext', 'Proximus', 'favor', 'Euronav', 'place', 'Agfa-Gevaert', 'change', 'composition', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '09', '11']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37124,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAAT-PHARMA-128358114/news/MaaT-Pharma-Releases-its-2024-Financial-Calendar-46121267/,MaaT Pharma Releases its 2024 Financial Calendar,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma   a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM dedicated to enhancing survival for patients with cancer  releases its 2024 financial calendar*:…,Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to enhancing survival for patients with cancer  releases its 2024 financial calendar*:March 28  2024: Publication of 2023 annual financial resultsMay 14  2024: Publication of revenues for Q1 2024May 28  2024: Annual General Shareholders MeetingSeptember 19  2024: Publication of half year financial results H1November 5  2024: Publication of revenues for Q3 2024*Indicative calendar could be subject to change.All information about the Company and its presentations to investors are available in the Investors section of its website: www.maatpharma.com/investorsAbout MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  an open-label  single arm Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  enables the identification of novel disease targets  evaluation of drug candidates  and identification of biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240307463341/en/,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', '2024 Financial Calendar', 'open-label, single arm Phase 3 clinical trial', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'Annual General Shareholders Meeting', 'half year financial results', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', '2023 annual financial results', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'quality control process', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'novel disease targets', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'Phase 2 trial', 'clinical practice', '2024 financial calendar', 'microbiome therapies', 'versus-host disease', 'Indicative calendar', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'full diversity', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'source version', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Regulatory News', 'acute GvHD', 'Euronext Paris', 'Investors section', 'leader', 'development', 'MET', 'survival', 'patients', 'cancer', 'Publication', 'revenues', 'Q1', 'Q3', 'change', 'information', 'presentations', 'website', 'maatpharma', 'oncology', 'graft', 'March', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'identification', 'evaluation', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use', 'ticker', 'businesswire']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37125,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-29-March-6-2024-46110504/,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 29 – March 6  2024,(marketscreener.com)                                           Share Buyback Transaction Details February 29 – March 6  2024 March 7  2024 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today...https…,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 29 – March 6  2024March 7  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 156 129 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 29  2024  up to and including March 6  2024  for €22.7 million and at an average share price of €145.20.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to € 1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 1 338 832 188.9 141.07For the period starting February 23  2024  up to and including April 29  2024  we have engaged a third party to execute €205 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 (0) 7765-391-824 t + 31 (0)172-641-407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'March', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'new information', 'share repurchases', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'Further information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Weekly reports', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'March', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'February', 'date', 'April', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '44', '31']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37126,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2842508/0/en/Standard-Poor-s-confirmed-ARGAN-s-investment-grade-status.html,Standard & Poor’s confirmed ARGAN’s “investment grade” status,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Thursday  March 7  2024 – 5.45 pm                       Standard & Poor’s confirmed ARGAN’s“investment grade”...,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Thursday  March 7  2024 – 5.45 pmStandard & Poor’s confirmed ARGAN’s“investment grade” statusFollowing the 2023 annual results release and the strategic plan combining growth and deleveraging published on this occasion  Standard & Poor's  a recognized international rating agency  has confirmed ARGAN's “investment grade” status with a rating maintained at BBB-.Standard & Poor's (S&P)  through S&P Global Ratings  renewed  in a report published on Wednesday  March 6  2024  the “investment grade” quality of ARGAN with a BBB- rating (with a “negative” outlook maintained at this stage).S&P took thus into account the strategic roadmap presented on the publication of the 2023 annual results on January 181  aiming to continue a controlled development and reinforce the quality of ARGAN's signature on the financial markets. More specifically  as part of a policy of self-financed growth through targeted asset disposals  ARGAN aims  by the end of 2026  to reduce its LTV ratio to below 40% (compared with 49.7% at the end of 2023) and that of net debt / EBITDA to approximately 8x (compared with 11x at the end of 2023)  while recording a rental income growth of around 5% per year on average over the period 2024-2026.In its report  S&P notably stated: “The tighter financial policy  sustained cash flow generation  debt amortization  and EBITDA contribution from development will support deleveraging.”. The rating agency also highlighted the “resilient” fundamentals of the French logistics sector  which contribute to stable cash flow outlooks. The rating is available on the S&P Global Ratings website www.standardandpoors.com.ARGAN is thus supported in its strong and proactive deleveraging strategy and its ability to reinforce its “investment grade” status  thus allowing for future refinancing under the best possible conditions  especially by the maturity of its €500 million bond debt in November 2026.2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)March 21: General Assembly 2024April 2: Net sales of 1 st quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024quarter 2024 January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the “in-use” Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.com1 For more information  please refer the press release published on January 18  2024.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.3,0.28,True,English,"['investment grade” status', 'Standard & Poor', 'ARGAN', 'S&P Global Ratings website', 'stable cash flow outlooks', 'French real estate company', 'real estate investment company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'cash flow generation', 'French logistics sector', 'best possible conditions', 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'proactive ESG policy', 'yearly rental income', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'investment grade” status', 'investment grade” quality', 'proactive deleveraging strategy', 'tighter financial policy', '€500 million bond debt', 'international rating agency', 'rental income growth', '2023 annual results release', 'French SIIC', '3.6 million sq', 'financial markets', '2024 financial calendar', '2025 financial calendar', 'rental management', 'Press release', 'Half-year results', 'concrete results', 'net debt', 'Net sales', 'Standard & Poor', 'strategic plan', 'negative” outlook', 'strategic roadmap', 'self-financed growth', 'asset disposals', 'LTV ratio', 'debt amortization', 'resilient” fundamentals', 'future refinancing', 'stock exchange', 'General Assembly', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'tight control', 'Aut0nom® concept', 'hundred warehouses', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'BBB- rating', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'controlled development', 'EBITDA contribution', 'development milestones', 'continental part', 'Thursday', 'March', 'ARGAN', 'occasion', 'report', 'Wednesday', 'stage', 'account', 'publication', 'January', 'signature', 'targeted', 'period', 'standardandpoors', 'strong', 'ability', 'maturity', 'November', 'closing', 'April', 'October', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'portfolio', 'December 31', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'information', 'Attachment', '5.45', '49']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37127,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Acquisition-of-treasury-shares-46121353/,Van de Velde : Acquisition of treasury shares -March 07  2024 at 12:06 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)   07.03.2024 - 18h00 Regulated information   Acquisition of treasury shares   In order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euron…,07.03.2024 - 18h00 Regulated informationAcquisition of treasury sharesIn order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euronext Brussels. The following treasury shares have been acquired during the period of 27 February 2024 until and including 6 March 2024:Transaction Date Number of shares Average price Minimum price Maximum price (€/share) (€/share) (€/share) 27/02/2024 348 33 14 33 05 33 15 28/02/2024 300 33 10 33 10 33 10 29/02/2024 913 33 05 32 95 33 15 01/03/2024 600 33 53 33 45 33 60 04/03/2024 1.091 32 98 32 80 33 05 05/03/2024 1.116 32 73 32 60 32 85 06/03/2024 - 0 00 0 00 0 00Total number of shares = 4.368. Average price = 33 03 €/share. Total amount = 144.261 15 €.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors on 27 April 2022 during the extraordinary meeting of shareholders.On 6 March 2024  273.608 own shares are held by Van de Velde NV  including the 11.000 shares that were already purchased in the context of a stock option plan. This represents 2 1 per cent of the total number of shares of Van de Velde NV.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. 'We ignite the power in women': Van de Velde believes in the power of people  and the power 'in' women in particular. Our purpose is to enhance the self-confidence of women through fashionable lingerie and in-store service.We work in close partnership with 3.600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1.500 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV always represented by Karel VerlindeChief Executive OfficerVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.eu - info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'treasury shares', 'Acquisition', 'March', '12:06', 'Karel Verlinde Chief Executive Officer Van de Velde NV', 'Average price Minimum price Maximum price', 'Karel Verlinde CommV', 'stock option plan', 'premium, complementary brands', '3.600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'following treasury shares', 'retail brands', 'fashionable lingerie', 'excess cash', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction Date', 'Total amount', 'extraordinary meeting', '2,1 per cent', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', '11.000 shares', 'Acquisition', 'order', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purchase', 'market', 'period', '27 February', '6 March', 'authorization', '27 April', 'shareholders', 'context', 'PrimaDonna', 'power', 'women', 'people', 'purpose', 'self-confidence', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1.500 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'vandevelde', 'Belgium', 'T.', '273.608', '32']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37128,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WARNER-MUSIC-GROUP-CORP-107768549/news/Warner-Music-Group-Confirms-Its-Indication-of-Interest-in-Relation-to-French-Digital-Music-Company-B-46109633/,Warner Music Group Confirms Its Indication of Interest in Relation to French Digital Music Company Believe SA,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  March 07  2024 -- Warner Music Group confirms that on February 21  2024 it approached Believe SA  a global digital music company headquartered in France and listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris to initiate discussion…,NEW YORK  March 07  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Warner Music Group (“Warner Music Group” or WMG”) confirms that on February 21  2024 it approached Believe SA  a global digital music company headquartered in France and listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (“Believe” or the “Company”) to initiate discussions with respect to a potential combination of Believe with WMG (the “Transaction”) and that it indicated on February 27  2024 that  at this stage  WMG thought it could value Believe at a price of at least €17/share (coupon attached) based on currently available public information.WMG hereby confirms the indications contained in the press release of the ad hoc committee of the Board of Directors of Believe published on March 1  2024  which reiterates  in particular that WMG’s approach was made to the Company on a confidential  exploratory and non-binding basis and that WMG has requested access to a limited list of key due diligence information with a view to possibly submitting a formal offer relating to the Transaction (as the case may be  by applying usual measures to protect such information).WMG reaffirms its interest in the potential Transaction and considers that such a combination would be beneficial to the Company and all of its other stakeholders (shareholders  employees  artists and labels). As opposed to the purely financial transaction contemplated by the consortium formed by EQT  TCV  and Denis Ladegaillerie (the “Consortium”) announced on February 12  2024  WMG would provide Believe with strategic support and financial stability to help the development and growth of the Company  including by accelerating its expansion into new geographies. In addition  WMG envisages financial terms that would be more attractive than those announced by the Consortium. Although no decision has been taken at this stage  the Transaction could be for cash only  without WMG excluding the possibility of a share component  and without any financing conditions. If necessary  and depending on the information provided by the Company  the filing of the offer could be subject to obtaining authorizations from relevant competition authorities.WMG notes that the Consortium  after having been made aware of WMG’s proposal  has decided to waive the conditions precedent relating to the block acquisitions (related to the issuance of a fairness opinion by the independent expert appointed by the ad hoc committee and the issuance by the Company’s board of directors of its recommendation with respect to the offer  following consultation of the Company’s works council) included in the agreements transferring to it c.72% of Believe’s share capital. WMG considers that such a waiver violates a number of rules of French securities regulations which are meant to protect shareholders (including the sellers and their investors) and the Company  and that the validity of such waiver could be challenged.WMG is currently awaiting access to the due diligence information requested on February 27  2024  and which it considers key to allow it to submit a formal proposal  as the case may be  with respect to the Transaction and confirm its indicative price of at least €17/share (coupon attached) based on the elements mentioned above.WMG will keep the market updated on any further material developments relating to the above situation.DISCLAIMERThis press release has been prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell any securities of Believe  or an offer to sell  in any jurisdiction  including France. There is no certainty that the Transaction mentioned above will be further pursued or completed. The dissemination  publication or distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Accordingly  persons who come into possession of this press release should inform themselves of and observe these local restrictions. WMG disclaims any responsibility or liability for the violation of any such restrictions by any person.About Warner Music GroupWarner Music Group (WMG) brings together artists  songwriters  entrepreneurs  and technology that are moving entertainment culture across the globe. Operating in more than 70 countries through a network of affiliates and licensees  WMG’s Recorded Music division includes renowned labels such as 10K Projects  300 Entertainment  Asylum  Atlantic  Big Beat  Elektra  Erato  First Night  Fueled By Ramen  Nonesuch  Parlophone  Reprise  Rhino  Roadrunner  Sire  Spinnin’  Warner Records  Warner Classics  and Warner Music Nashville. WMG’s music publishing arm  Warner Chappell Music  has a catalog of over one million copyrights spanning every musical genre  from the standards of the Great American Songbook to the biggest hits of the 21st century. Warner Music Group is also home to ADA  which supports the independent community  as well as artist services division WMX. In addition  WMG counts film and television storytelling powerhouse Warner Music Entertainment among its many brands. Follow WMG on Instagram  X  TikTok  LinkedIn  and Facebook.Contacts:Image 7 - ParisAnne-France Malrieuafmalrieu@image7.fr+33 6 89 87 61 18Sergio de la Callesdelacalle@image7.fr+33 6 69 58 42 34Warner Music Group - LondonAlex JacobSenior Vice President  Communicationsalex.jacob@warnermusic.comWarner Music Group - New YorkJames StevenChief Communications Officerjames.steven@wmg.comKareem ChinSenior Vice President & Head of Investor Relationskareem.chin@wmg.com,neutral,0.26,0.73,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.3,0.53,True,English,"['French Digital Music Company Believe SA', 'Warner Music Group', 'Indication', 'Interest', 'Relation', 'key due diligence information', 'global digital music company', 'Recorded Music division', 'music publishing arm', 'ad hoc committee', 'relevant competition authorities', 'one million copyrights', 'Great American Songbook', 'artist services division', 'television storytelling powerhouse', 'Warner Music Group', 'Warner Music Nashville', 'Warner Chappell Music', 'Warner Music Entertainment', 'French securities regulations', 'Warner Records', 'Warner Classics', 'specific regulations', 'public information', 'information purposes', 'NEW YORK', 'Euronext Paris', 'press release', 'confidential, exploratory', 'non-binding basis', 'limited list', 'usual measures', 'other stakeholders', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'strategic support', 'financial stability', 'new geographies', 'financial terms', 'share component', 'financing conditions', 'conditions precedent', 'block acquisitions', 'fairness opinion', 'independent expert', 'works council', 'share capital', 'material developments', 'entertainment culture', '10K Projects', 'Big Beat', 'First Night', 'musical genre', 'biggest hits', '21st century', 'independent community', 'many brands', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'regulated market', 'potential combination', 'formal proposal', 'indicative price', 'renowned labels', 'local restrictions', 'potential Transaction', 'financial transaction', 'formal offer', 'Believe SA', '300 Entertainment', 'March', 'WMG', 'February', 'France', 'discussions', 'respect', 'stage', 'coupon', 'indications', 'Board', 'Directors', 'approach', 'access', 'view', 'case', 'interest', 'shareholders', 'employees', 'artists', 'consortium', 'EQT', 'TCV', 'growth', 'expansion', 'addition', 'decision', 'cash', 'possibility', 'filing', 'authorizations', 'issuance', 'recommendation', 'consultation', 'agreements', 'waiver', 'number', 'rules', 'sellers', 'investors', 'validity', 'elements', 'situation', 'DISCLAIMER', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction', 'certainty', 'dissemination', 'publication', 'distribution', 'persons', 'possession', 'responsibility', 'liability', 'violation', 'songwriters', 'entrepreneurs', 'technology', '70 countries', 'network', 'affiliates', 'licensees', 'Asylum', 'Atlantic', 'Elektra', 'Erato', 'Ramen', 'Nonesuch', 'Parlophone', 'Reprise', 'Rhino', 'Roadrunner', 'Sire', 'Spinnin', 'catalog', 'standards', 'ADA', 'WMX', 'film']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37129,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GVS-S-P-A-108665627/news/GVS-S-p-A-Communication-ex-art-143-quater-comma-5-Consob-Regulation-46120489/,GVS S p A : Communication ex art. 143 quater comma 5 Consob Regulation -March 07  2024 at 10:46 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   COMMUNICATION PURSUANT TO ART. 143-QUATER  PARAGRAPH 5  OF CONSOB REGULATION no. 11971/99   Zola Predosa   7 marzo 2024 - List of shareholders of GVS S.p.A.  with a shareholding of more than 3% of the share capital  who have regist…,Pursuant to Article 6  paragraph 10  of the Articles of Association of GVS S.p.A. and the Regulation for Increased Voting - which came into force as of the date of commencement of trading of the Company's ordinary shares on Euronext Milan  which occurred on 19 June 2020 - the increased voting rights in respect of the shares existing prior to the date of commencement of trading on Euronext Milan shall be deemed to have accrued as of that date.,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['GVS S', 'quater comma', 'Consob Regulation', 'Communication', 'art.', 'March', '10:46', 'GVS S.p.A.', 'Increased Voting', 'Euronext Milan', 'voting rights', 'ordinary shares', 'Article', 'paragraph', 'Association', 'Regulation', 'force', 'date', 'commencement', 'trading', 'Company', '19 June', 'respect']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37130,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC-46122135/,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,(marketscreener.com) Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC Leuven  BELGIUM – March 07  2024 – 07:00 PM CET Oxurion NV   a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Leuven  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Tr…,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLCLeuven  BELGIUM – March 07  2024 – 07:00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Leuven  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on March 06  2024  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of March 01  2024  it held 904 304 366 shares of the then outstanding 5 753 951 723 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (15%) by virtue of the purchase of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is engaged in developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies for the treatment of retinal disease. Oxurion is based in Leuven  Belgium. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVPascal GhosonChief Executive OfficerPascal.ghoson@oxurion.com Backstage CommunicationJurgen VluijmansPartnerjurgen@backstagecom.be________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.25,0.42,0.34,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Jurgen Vluijmans Partner jurgen', 'Chief Executive Officer Pascal', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'voting securities', 'Pascal Ghoson', 'Transparency Notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'next-generation standard', 'retinal disease', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'Backstage Communication', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'new information', 'Additional information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'various risks', 'ANNEX 1 Attachment', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'March', '904,304,366 shares', '5,753,951,723 shares', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'purchase', 'treatment', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'assets', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'backstagecom', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '07:00']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37131,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/07/physicians-realty-trust-nysedoc-versus-aedifica-nv-sa-otcmktsaedff-head-to-head-analysis/,Physicians Realty Trust (NYSE:DOC) versus Aedifica NV/SA (OTCMKTS:AEDFF) Head-To-Head Analysis,Aedifica NV/SA (OTCMKTS:AEDFF – Get Free Report) and Physicians Realty Trust (NYSE:DOC – Get Free Report) are both real estate companies  but which is the better investment? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their profitability  risk…,Aedifica NV/SA (OTCMKTS:AEDFF – Get Free Report) and Physicians Realty Trust (NYSE:DOC – Get Free Report) are both real estate companies  but which is the better investment? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their profitability  risk  institutional ownership  earnings  analyst recommendations  valuation and dividends.Valuation & EarningsThis table compares Aedifica NV/SA and Physicians Realty Trust’s top-line revenue  earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.Get Aedifica NV/SA alerts:Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Aedifica NV/SA N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Physicians Realty Trust $543.46 million 17.69 $306.01 million $0.17 103.35Physicians Realty Trust has higher revenue and earnings than Aedifica NV/SA.Institutional and Insider OwnershipProfitability95.5% of Physicians Realty Trust shares are held by institutional investors. 0.8% of Physicians Realty Trust shares are held by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that large money managers  hedge funds and endowments believe a stock is poised for long-term growth.This table compares Aedifica NV/SA and Physicians Realty Trust’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Aedifica NV/SA N/A N/A N/A Physicians Realty Trust 13.97% 4.34% 1.95%Analyst RecommendationsThis is a summary of current ratings for Aedifica NV/SA and Physicians Realty Trust  as reported by MarketBeat.com.Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Aedifica NV/SA 0 0 0 0 N/A Physicians Realty Trust 1 5 2 0 2.13Physicians Realty Trust has a consensus price target of $15.38  indicating a potential downside of 12.49%. Given Physicians Realty Trust’s higher possible upside  analysts clearly believe Physicians Realty Trust is more favorable than Aedifica NV/SA.SummaryPhysicians Realty Trust beats Aedifica NV/SA on 8 of the 8 factors compared between the two stocks.About Aedifica NV/SA(Get Free Report)Aedifica is a Regulated Real Estate Company under Belgian law specialised in European healthcare real estate  particularly in elderly care. Aedifica has developed a portfolio of over 610 sites in Belgium  Germany  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  Finland  Sweden  Ireland and Spain  worth more than 5.8 billion. Aedifica is listed on Euronext Brussels (2006) and Euronext Amsterdam (2019) and is identified by the following ticker symbols: AED; AED:BB (Bloomberg); AOO.BR (Reuters). Since 2020  Aedifica has been part of the BEL 20  Euronext Brussels' leading share index. Moreover  since 2023  Aedifica has been part of the BEL ESG  the index tracking companies that perform best on ESG criteria. Aedifica is also included in the EPRA  Stoxx Europe 600 and GPR indices. Aedifica's market capitalisation was approx. 2.3 billion as at 30 October 2023.About Physicians Realty Trust(Get Free Report)Physicians Realty Trust is a self-managed health care real estate company organized to acquire  selectively develop  own  and manage health care properties that are leased to physicians  hospitals  and health care delivery systems. The Company invests in real estate that is integral to providing high quality health care. The Company conducts its business through an UPREIT structure in which its properties are owned by Physicians Realty L.P.  a Delaware limited partnership (the operating partnership)  directly or through limited partnerships  limited liability companies or other subsidiaries. The Company is the sole general partner of the operating partnership and  as of June 30  2023  owned approximately 96.0% of OP Units.Receive News & Ratings for Aedifica NV/SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aedifica NV/SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.61,0.37,0.02,True,English,"['Physicians Realty Trust', 'Aedifica NV/SA', 'Head Analysis', 'NYSE', 'DOC', 'OTCMKTS', 'AEDFF', 'SA N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Physicians Realty Trust', 'Aedifica NV/SA N/A N/A N/A Physicians Realty Trust', 'self-managed health care real estate company', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score', ""Euronext Brussels' leading share index"", 'health care delivery systems', 'high quality health care', 'Physicians Realty L.P.', 'European healthcare real estate', 'Physicians Realty Trust shares', 'Regulated Real Estate Company', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Get Aedifica NV/SA alerts', 'real estate companies', 'health care properties', 'index tracking companies', 'Get Free Report', 'Ratings Buy Ratings', 'large money managers', 'following ticker symbols', 'sole general partner', 'consensus price target', 'higher possible upside', 'limited liability companies', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'concise daily summary', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'Delaware limited partnership', 'Net Income Earnings', 'Net Margins Return', 'elderly care', 'Share Price', 'company insiders', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'The Company', 'email address', 'higher revenue', 'related companies', 'limited partnerships', 'current ratings', 'Sell Ratings', 'top-line revenue', 'Insider Ownership', 'operating partnership', ""analysts' ratings"", 'NYSE:DOC', 'two businesses', 'analyst recommendations', 'Sales Ratio', 'institutional investors', 'hedge funds', 'long-term growth', 'potential downside', 'two stocks', 'Belgian law', 'United Kingdom', 'AOO.BR', 'ESG criteria', 'Stoxx Europe', 'GPR indices', 'market capitalisation', 'UPREIT structure', 'other subsidiaries', 'OP Units', 'Earnings Ratio', 'BEL ESG', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Equity Return', 'BEL 20', 'OTCMKTS', 'AEDFF', 'investment', 'strength', 'profitability', 'risk', 'valuation', 'dividends', 'table', 'EPS', 'indication', 'endowments', 'assets', '8 factors', 'portfolio', '610 sites', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'Finland', 'Sweden', 'Ireland', 'Spain', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'EPRA', '30 October', 'hospitals', 'June']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,etfdailynews.com
37132,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2841931/0/en/Sopra-Steria-and-AMA-Reinforce-Strategic-Partnership-to-Pioneer-in-AI-Driven-Data-Management.html,Sopra Steria and AMA Reinforce Strategic Partnership to Pioneer in AI-Driven Data Management,Press release  Sopra Steria and AMA Reinforce Strategic Partnership to Pioneer in AI-Driven Data Management  Rennes  France – March 7  2024 at 8:00am -...,"Press releaseSopra Steria and AMA Reinforce Strategic Partnership to Pioneer in AI-Driven Data ManagementRennes  France – March 7  2024 at 8:00am - AMA CORPORATION PLC (""AMA"") (ISIN GB00BNKGC5 - mnemo ALAMA)  is proud to announce the reinforcement of its strategic partnership with Sopra Steria  a major Tech player in Europe  focused on revolutionizing data management with the power of Artificial Intelligence. This new strategic initiative is set to leverage the high-value data generated by AMA's XpertEye application and integrate it seamlessly into Sopra Steria's advanced AI solutions.The synergy between Sopra Steria's expertise in IT solutions and AMA's know-how in assisted Reality (aR) promises to bring about significant improvements in operational efficiency. Integrating XpertEye's data into Sopra Steria's AI platforms aims to provide a comprehensive solution that addresses the complexities of modern data management  from enhancing decision-making processes to ensuring the utmost protection of sensitive information.Additionally  Sopra Steria chose AMA's XpertEye for its adaptable deployment options  from SaaS to on-premises  and to showcase the revolutionary capabilities of 5G in boosting remote assistance through notable advancements in connectivity  reliability  and speed.This collaboration not only signifies a leap forward in technological innovation but also underscores a shared dedication to advancing data management  ensuring that the digital transformation journey of companies is both safe and cutting-edge.Yves Nicolas  Deputy Director in charge of the AI program at Sopra Steria Group  comments  ""Strengthening our collaboration with AMA aligns perfectly with our commitment to pushing the boundaries of innovation  including in data management. We are convinced that together we can redefine the standards of operational excellence and open up new possibilities for companies navigating today's data-centric world.""Highlighting the importance of this partnership  Christian Guillemot  Co-founder and CEO of AMA  expresses his enthusiasm: ""Collaborating with Sopra Steria enables us to propose a robust integration offer  thus allowing our customers to fully leverage the data produced by XpertEye. Capitalizing on our joint commitment to innovate and integrate Gen AI tools  this partnership is poised to transform how companies manage and optimize data in an increasingly digital world.”About AMAAMA is a global provider of powerful productivity applications  designed for the connected frontline workforce. We use cutting-edge technologies such as assisted Reality (aR) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) to enable remote support and digitized work instructions and inspections  transforming how organizations operate. Our XpertEye suite of secure applications empowers customers to improve productivity  speed up resolution time  retain knowledge  and reduce their carbon footprint.We are B Corp certified  affirming our dedication to meeting the highest standards of social and environmental performance  transparency  and accountability.We have a global presence with offices in Europe  APAC  and the USA  enabling us to reach customers across all time zones and geographic locations.AMA is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (GB00BNKGZC51 - ALAMA).More information on www.amaxperteye.comAbout Sopra SteriaSteria Sopra Steria  a major Tech player in Europe with 56 000 employees in nearly 30 countries  is recognised for its consulting  digital services and software development. It helps its clients drive their digital transformation and obtain tangible and sustainable benefits. The Group provides end-to-end solutions to make large companies and organisations more competitive by combining in-depth knowledge of a wide range of business sectors and innovative technologies with a fully collaborative approach. Sopra Steria places people at the heart of everything it does and is committed to putting digital to work for its clients in order to build a positive future for all. In 2023  the Group generated revenues of €5.8 billion.The world is how we shape itSopra Steria (SOP) is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment A) – ISIN: FR0000050809 For more information  visit us at www.soprasteria.comAttachment",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['AMA Reinforce Strategic Partnership', 'AI-Driven Data Management', 'Sopra Steria', 'AMA Reinforce Strategic Partnership', 'major Tech player', 'adaptable deployment options', 'robust integration offer', 'connected frontline workforce', 'new strategic initiative', 'Gen AI tools', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'advanced AI solutions', 'digital transformation journey', 'powerful productivity applications', 'AMA CORPORATION PLC', 'AI-Driven Data Management', 'modern data management', 'Steria Sopra Steria', 'Sopra Steria Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'new possibilities', 'secure applications', 'IT solutions', 'end solutions', 'AI platforms', 'AI program', 'Press release', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'significant improvements', 'operational efficiency', 'comprehensive solution', 'decision-making processes', 'utmost protection', 'revolutionary capabilities', 'remote assistance', 'notable advancements', 'Yves Nicolas', 'Deputy Director', 'operational excellence', 'Christian Guillemot', 'global provider', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'remote support', 'work instructions', 'resolution time', 'carbon footprint', 'B Corp', 'environmental performance', 'global presence', 'time zones', 'geographic locations', 'digital services', 'software development', 'sustainable benefits', 'The Group', 'wide range', 'business sectors', 'innovative technologies', 'collaborative approach', 'positive future', 'Compartment A', 'high-value data', 'sensitive information', 'data-centric world', 'digital world', 'More information', 'ISIN GB00BNKGC5', 'mnemo ALAMA', 'technological innovation', 'shared dedication', 'joint commitment', 'highest standards', 'depth knowledge', 'XpertEye application', 'XpertEye suite', 'large companies', 'Rennes', 'France', 'March', '8:00am', 'reinforcement', 'Europe', 'synergy', 'expertise', 'know-how', 'Reality', 'complexities', 'SaaS', 'premises', '5G', 'connectivity', 'reliability', 'speed', 'collaboration', 'leap', 'charge', 'boundaries', 'importance', 'founder', 'CEO', 'enthusiasm', 'customers', 'digitized', 'inspections', 'organizations', 'social', 'transparency', 'accountability', 'offices', 'APAC', 'USA', 'GB00BNKGZC51', 'amaxperteye', '56,000 employees', '30 countries', 'consulting', 'clients', 'tangible', 'organisations', 'people', 'heart', 'everything', 'order', 'revenues', 'soprasteria', 'Attachment']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37133,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-LANSCHOT-KEMPEN-N-V-6308/news/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-announces-early-redemption-of-Additional-Tier-1-notes--46109040/,Van Lanschot Kempen announces early redemption of Additional Tier 1 notes,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  7 March 2024 Van Lanschot Kempen today announces that it will call the €100 million of Additional Tier 1 notes issued in 2019 with ISIN XS1892756682  on the first optional redemption date. The …,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  7 March 2024Van Lanschot Kempen today announces that it will call the €100 million of Additional Tier 1 notes issued in 2019 with ISIN XS1892756682  on the first optional redemption date.The redemption will be effective on 1 April 2024  when the principal and accrued interest will be paid. Van Lanschot Kempen has received approval from De Nederlandsche Bank for this early redemption.The notes are currently listed on Euronext Amsterdam. This listing will be terminated after redemption.Refinancing has taken place through the issuance of €100 million of Additional Tier 1 notes on 29 January 2024.Media RelationsMaud van GaalT +31 20 354 45 85 mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor RelationsJudith van TolT +31 20 354 45 90 investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot Kempen NVVan Lanschot Kempen is an independent  specialist wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. Through its long-term focus  it creates positive financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comImportant legal information and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and targets on future events and developments. These forward-looking statements and targets are based on the current insights  information and assumptions of Van Lanschot Kempen’s management about known and unknown risks  developments and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements and targets do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are subject to such risks  developments and uncertainties which by their very nature fall outside the control of Van Lanschot Kempen and its management. Actual results  performances and circumstances may differ considerably from these forward-looking statements and targets.Van Lanschot Kempen cautions that forward-looking statements and targets in this press release are only valid on thespecific dates on which they are expressed  and accepts no responsibility or obligation to revise or update any information  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.15,0.29,0.55,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'Additional Tier 1 notes', 'early redemption', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'Judith van Tol T', 'first optional redemption date', 'Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'Maud van Gaal', 'De Nederlandsche Bank', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'Additional Tier 1 notes', 'Important legal information', 'positive financial', 'financial instrument', 'accrued interest', 'early redemption', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'private banking', 'investment banking', 'sustainable way', 'long-term focus', 'non-financial value', 'cautionary note', 'forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'future events', 'current insights', 'current facts', 'Actual results', 'specific dates', 'other reason', 'other way', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'new information', 'unknown risks', 'investment management', 'Hertogenbosch', '7 March', 'ISIN', '1 April', 'principal', 'approval', 'listing', 'Refinancing', 'place', 'issuance', '29 January', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'part', 'history', 'targets', 'developments', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'historical', 'nature', 'control', 'performances', 'circumstances', 'responsibility', 'obligation', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'action', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37134,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/Standard-Poor-s-confirmed-ARGAN-s-investment-grade-status-46121111/,Standard & Poor's confirmed ARGAN's “investment grade” status,(marketscreener.com) Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Thursday  March 7  2024 – 5.45 pm Standard & Poor’s confirmed ARGAN’s“investment grade” status Following the 2023 annual results release and the strategic plan combining growth and deleveraging published…,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Thursday  March 7  2024 – 5.45 pmStandard & Poor’s confirmed ARGAN’s“investment grade” statusFollowing the 2023 annual results release and the strategic plan combining growth and deleveraging published on this occasion  Standard & Poor's  a recognized international rating agency  has confirmed ARGAN's “investment grade” status with a rating maintained at BBB-.Standard & Poor's (S&P)  through S&P Global Ratings  renewed  in a report published on Wednesday  March 6  2024  the “investment grade” quality of ARGAN with a BBB- rating (with a “negative” outlook maintained at this stage).S&P took thus into account the strategic roadmap presented on the publication of the 2023 annual results on January 181  aiming to continue a controlled development and reinforce the quality of ARGAN's signature on the financial markets. More specifically  as part of a policy of self-financed growth through targeted asset disposals  ARGAN aims  by the end of 2026  to reduce its LTV ratio to below 40% (compared with 49.7% at the end of 2023) and that of net debt / EBITDA to approximately 8x (compared with 11x at the end of 2023)  while recording a rental income growth of around 5% per year on average over the period 2024-2026.In its report  S&P notably stated: “The tighter financial policy  sustained cash flow generation  debt amortization  and EBITDA contribution from development will support deleveraging.”. The rating agency also highlighted the “resilient” fundamentals of the French logistics sector  which contribute to stable cash flow outlooks. The rating is available on the S&P Global Ratings website www.standardandpoors.com.ARGAN is thus supported in its strong and proactive deleveraging strategy and its ability to reinforce its “investment grade” status  thus allowing for future refinancing under the best possible conditions  especially by the maturity of its €500 million bond debt in November 2026.2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)March 21: General Assembly 2024April 2: Net sales of 1 st quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024quarter 2024 January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the “in-use” Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.com1 For more information  please refer the press release published on January 18  2024.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.3,0.28,True,English,"['investment grade” status', 'Standard & Poor', 'ARGAN', 'S&P Global Ratings website', 'stable cash flow outlooks', 'French real estate company', 'real estate investment company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'cash flow generation', 'French logistics sector', 'best possible conditions', 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'proactive ESG policy', 'yearly rental income', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'investment grade” status', 'investment grade” quality', 'proactive deleveraging strategy', 'tighter financial policy', '€500 million bond debt', 'international rating agency', 'rental income growth', '2023 annual results release', 'French SIIC', '3.6 million sq', 'financial markets', '2024 financial calendar', '2025 financial calendar', 'rental management', 'Press release', 'Half-year results', 'concrete results', 'net debt', 'Net sales', 'Standard & Poor', 'strategic plan', 'negative” outlook', 'strategic roadmap', 'self-financed growth', 'asset disposals', 'LTV ratio', 'debt amortization', 'resilient” fundamentals', 'future refinancing', 'stock exchange', 'General Assembly', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'tight control', 'Aut0nom® concept', 'hundred warehouses', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'BBB- rating', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'controlled development', 'EBITDA contribution', 'development milestones', 'continental part', 'Thursday', 'March', 'ARGAN', 'occasion', 'report', 'Wednesday', 'stage', 'account', 'publication', 'January', 'signature', 'targeted', 'period', 'standardandpoors', 'strong', 'ability', 'maturity', 'November', 'closing', 'April', 'October', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'portfolio', 'December 31', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'information', 'Attachment', '5.45', '49']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37135,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIR-LIQUIDE-4605/news/Air-Liquide-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-Including-the-Annual-Financial-Report-Now-Availabl-46110768/,Air Liquide: 2023 Universal Registration Document Including the Annual Financial Report Now Available -March 07  2024 at 04:04 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:The 2023 Air Liquide Universal Registration Document including the annual Financial Report was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority on March 5  2024.This document is available in French and English on t…,Regulatory News:The 2023 Air Liquide (Paris:AI) Universal Registration Document including the annual Financial Report was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on March 5  2024.This document is available in French and English on the Group’s website www.airliquide.com  section Investors – regulated information. Copies of this Universal Registration Document are also available at the Company head office in Paris (75007)  France – 75  quai d’Orsay.The Universal Registration Document includes the following information:the 2023 Financial Report  including the management report and in particular the 2023 Extra-Financial Performance Declaration the Report on corporate governance the description of the share buyback program the Vigilance Plan and its implementation.UPCOMING EVENTS2024 First quarter revenue:April 24  2024Combined General Meeting:April 30  2024Dividend ex date*:May 20  2024Dividend payment date*:May 22  2024* subject to the necessary approvals at the CombinedGeneral Meeting of April 30  2024______________________________Air Liquide is a world leader in gases  technologies and services for industry and healthcare. Present in 72 countries with 67 800 employees  the Group serves more than 4 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory and have been at the core of the Group’s activities since its creation in 1902.Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide’s strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group beneﬁts from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition—particularly with hydrogen—and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies.Air Liquide’s revenue amounted to more than 27.5 billion euros in 2023. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50  FTSE4Good and DJSI Europe indexes.www.airliquide.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240307630283/en/,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Air Liquide', 'March', '04:04', 'Paris:AI) Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Company head office', 'share buyback program', 'essential small molecules', 'DJSI Europe indexes', 'View source version', '2023 Extra-Financial Performance Declaration', '2024 First quarter revenue', 'annual Financial Report', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Dividend payment date', 'new markets', '2023 Financial Report', 'global performance', 'extra-financial dimensions', 'Regulatory News', '2023 Air Liquide', 'regulated information', 'following information', 'management report', 'corporate governance', 'Vigilance Plan', 'UPCOMING EVENTS', 'necessary approvals', 'world leader', '4 million customers', 'scientific territory', 'strategic plan', 'major assets', 'business model', 'technological expertise', '27.5 billion euros', 'compartment A', 'EURO STOXX', 'The Group', 'energy transition', 'high technologies', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'AMF', 'March', 'English', 'website', 'airliquide', 'section', 'Investors', 'Copies', 'France', 'quai', 'Orsay', 'description', 'implementation', 'April', 'May', 'gases', 'services', 'industry', 'healthcare', '72 countries', '67,800 employees', 'patients', 'Oxygen', 'nitrogen', 'hydrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'activities', 'creation', 'action', 'future', 'heart', 'strategy', 'ADVANCE', 'resilience', 'strength', 'ability', 'solutions', 'climate', 'areas', 'digital', 'FTSE4Good', 'businesswire', '2025']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37136,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GETLINK-SE-54576/news/Getlink-SE-Shuttle-Traffic-in-February-2024-46109043/,Getlink SE: Shuttle Traffic in February 2024 -March 07  2024 at 02:01 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Getlink SE : Feb-24Feb-23VariationJan-Feb 2024Jan-Feb 2023VariationTruck ShuttlesTrucks98 87398 9020%198 895204 307…,"Regulatory News:Getlink SE (Paris:GET):Feb-24 Feb-23 Variation Jan-Feb 2024 Jan-Feb 2023 Variation Truck Shuttles Trucks 98 873 98 902 0% 198 895 204 307 -3% Passenger Shuttles Passenger cars 114 641 125 491 -9% 235 262 251 175 -6%* Including cars  motorcycles  vehicles with trailers  caravans  camper vans and coaches.In February 2024  LeShuttle Freight carried 98 873 trucks  stable compared to February 2023. Since 1 January  almost 199 000 trucks have crossed the Channel on board the Shuttles  a slight decrease of 3% compared to the same period in 2023.LeShuttle carried 114 641 passenger vehicles in February  down 9% on February 2023. With just over 235 000 passenger vehicles transported since 1 January  LeShuttle traffic is down 6% compared to the same period last year.The March traffic figures will be published on Tuesday 9 April 2024 before the market opens.About GetlinkGetlink SE (Euronext Paris: GET)  through its subsidiary Eurotunnel  is the concession holder for the Channel Tunnel infrastructure until 2086 and operates Truck and Passenger Shuttle services (cars and coaches) between Folkestone (UK) and Calais (France). Since 31 December 2020 Eurotunnel has been developing the smart border to ensure that the Tunnel remains the fastest  most reliable  easiest  and most environmentally friendly way to cross the Channel. Since it opened in 1994  almost 500 million people and more than 102 million vehicles have travelled through the Channel Tunnel. This unique land link  which carries 25% of trade between the Continent and the UK  has become a vital link  reinforced by the ElecLink electricity interconnector installed in the Tunnel  which helps to balance the energy needs between France and the UK. Getlink completes its sustainable mobility services with its rail freight subsidiary Europorte. Committed to ""low carbon"" services that control their impact on the environment (through its activities  the Group avoids the equivalent of 1.9 million tonnes of CO 2 per year)  Getlink has made the place of people  nature and territories a central concern.https://www.getlinkgroup.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240306387473/en/",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Getlink SE', 'Shuttle Traffic', 'February', 'March', '02:01', 'The March traffic figures', 'Variation Truck Shuttles Trucks', 'environmentally friendly way', 'ElecLink electricity interconnector', 'sustainable mobility services', 'low carbon"" services', 'unique land link', 'Passenger Shuttle services', 'rail freight subsidiary', 'Channel Tunnel infrastructure', 'LeShuttle traffic', 'Passenger Shuttles', 'vital link', 'LeShuttle Freight', 'camper vans', 'slight decrease', 'same period', 'Tuesday 9 April', 'subsidiary Eurotunnel', 'concession holder', 'smart border', 'energy needs', '1.9 million tonnes', 'central concern', 'source version', '114,641 passenger vehicles', '235,000 passenger vehicles', '102 million vehicles', 'Passenger cars', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', '500 million people', 'Getlink SE', '98,873 trucks', '199,000 trucks', 'Feb', 'motorcycles', 'trailers', 'caravans', 'coaches', '1 January', 'board', 'market', 'Folkestone', 'UK', 'Calais', 'France', '31 December', 'trade', 'Continent', 'Europorte', 'impact', 'activities', 'Group', 'equivalent', 'year', 'place', 'nature', 'territories', 'businesswire']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37137,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2842514/0/en/Tonner-Drones-welcomes-its-new-investors.html,Tonner Drones welcomes its new investors,Tonner Drones welcomes its new investors   Cannes  7 March 2024 - 18:00    Tonner Drones (FR001400H2X4 - ALTD) is pleased to announce that it has full......,Tonner Drones welcomes its new investorsCannes  7 March 2024 - 18:00Tonner Drones (FR001400H2X4 - ALTD) is pleased to announce that it has full support from its new investors.Tonner Drones recently announced that it had ended all relations with Yorkville advisors. It was able to do so  since it had found investors who were willing to buy the OCA-contract from Yorkville.Today it received confirmation that Yorkville has received the full remaining payments  therefore the SPA-contract is now fully effective. As communicated in the press-release of March 1st  therefore there is no relationship anymore between Yorkville and TonnerDrones.These new owners of the OCA-contract have now informed TonnerDrones that they support management’s strategy to terminate contracts with a variable pricing mechanism.“I’m pleased that we now have the support of the new TonnerDrones investors. We need their support in the restructering of our capital structure. We have always believed that equity-line products are unfair products. We will therefore freeze the OCA contract and are thankful that our new investorsare supporting the company in seeking more traditional means of financing.” D.M. van den Ouden  member of the board said.TonnerDrones is pleased that it has fulfilled its long-desired goal  terminating the OCA contract. Although it has already significantly limited the influence of Fiducie A (restricted conversion possibilities and this institution may sell only a maximum of 13.5% of the daily volume)  the goal and desire of TonnerDrones and management remains to also terminate this equilization-contract.TonnerDrones will further focus on completing the restructuring and refinancing  so that it can then be fully focused on rebuilding the company.About Tonner Drones : Tonner Drones (formerly Delta Drone) develops UAVs and associated technologies for the defense and homeland security sectors. Tonner Drones holds valuable stakes in some of France's leading civilian and military drone manufacturers. Tonner Drones’ strategy is to leverage its shareholdings in these companies through active asset management  a private equity fund  and by teaming up with other private equity funds to become a significant industry consolidator. Additional revenues can be achieved through royalties from patents held by Tonner Drones to recognized manufacturers. Tonner Drones does not plan on owning a factory; however  it is determined to retain R&D for its products and systems in France.Tonner Drones’ shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.comIf you would like to find out more  or if you are interested in a partnership: contact@tonnerdrones.comContactActifinJean-Yves BARBARAFinancial communicationjean-yves.barbara@seitosei-actifin.com+33 (0)1 56 88 11 13 ActifinAmélie OrioPress Relationsamelie.orio@seitosei-actifin.com+33 (0)1 56 88 11 16Attachment,neutral,0.28,0.71,0.01,mixed,0.57,0.19,0.24,True,English,"['Tonner Drones', 'new investors', 'D.M. van den Ouden', 'Amélie Orio Press Relations', 'other private equity funds', 'variable pricing mechanism', 'restricted conversion possibilities', 'homeland security sectors', 'significant industry consolidator', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'full remaining payments', 'active asset management', 'military drone manufacturers', 'Tonner Drones’ strategy', 'R&D', 'new TonnerDrones investors', 'Delta Drone', 'new investors', 'new owners', 'capital structure', 'OCA contract', 'traditional means', 'Fiducie A', 'daily volume', 'associated technologies', 'valuable stakes', 'leading civilian', 'Additional revenues', 'ISIN code', 'More information', 'Financial communication', 'full support', 'equity-line products', 'unfair products', 'March 1st', 'desired goal', 'Yorkville advisors', 'Jean-Yves BARBARA', '7 March', 'Cannes', 'FR001400H2X4', 'ALTD', 'OCA-contract', 'confirmation', 'SPA-contract', 'press-release', 'relationship', 'contracts', 'restructering', 'company', 'financing', 'member', 'board', 'influence', 'institution', 'maximum', 'equilization-contract', 'restructuring', 'UAVs', 'defense', 'France', 'shareholdings', 'companies', 'royalties', 'patents', 'factory', 'systems', 'shares', 'partnership', 'Contact', 'Actifin', 'seitosei', 'amelie', 'Attachment']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37138,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUEST-FOR-GROWTH-NV-6000/news/NAV-per-share-on-29-02-2024-7-46-46121164/,NAV per share on 29/02/2024: €7.46 -March 07  2024 at 11:50 am EST,(marketscreener.com)     PRESS RELEASE   7 March 2024 / 5.40 p.m.   ---     Regulated information. This press release contains information subject to the transparency requirements imposed on listed companies. Quest for...https://www.marketscree…,"Regulated information. This press release contains information subject to the transparency requirements imposed on listed companies. Quest for Growth NV  Privak/pricaf  public alternative investment fund (AIF) with fixed capital under Belgian law.On 29 February 2024  the net asset value of Quest for Growth was €7.46 per share. The net asset value on 31 December 2023 was €7.51 per share. On 29 February 2024  the share price closed at €4.58 per share (31 December 2023: €5.00 per share).Source: Estimate by Capricorn Partners NVThe net asset value is calculated without taking into account the different dividend rights pertaining to the different classes of shares.The complete portfolio overview on 29 February can be consulted on the website.About Quest for GrowthQuest for Growth is a privak/pricaf  a public alternative investment fund (AIF) with fixed capital under Belgian law  managed by Capricorn Partners NV. The diversified portfolio of Quest for Growth is mostly invested in growth companies listed on European stock exchanges  in venture & growth capital and in venture & growth funds. Quest for Growth focuses on innovative companies in areas such as digital  health and clean technologies. It has been listed on Euronext Brussels since 23 September 1998.For additional informationJelle Van de Putte  Fund Administrator Tel. +32 16 28 41 00 quest@questforgrowth.comThis announcement is not an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell shares in Quest for Growth nor in one of the companies in which Quest for Growth has invested.The shares of Quest for Growth are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 or under the securities legislation of any state of the United States  and they may not be offered  attributed  sold  resold  delivered  pledged or otherwise transferred  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States or to ""US persons"" except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from registration.Nothing in this announcement is  or should be relied on as  a promise or representation as to the future. If this announcement should include forward-looking statements  any such statement must be considered along with knowledge that actual events and results may vary materially from such predictions due to  among other things  financial  political  economic or legal changes in the markets in which the companies in which Quest for Growth invests do business or the stock markets in which these companies are listed. No representations or warranties are made by any person as to the accuracy of such forward-looking statements  estimates or projections.The readers are explicitly referred to the risk profile of Quest for Growth  included in the prospectus that was published as a result of the public offer for subscription  and to the Key Information Document.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['NAV', 'share', '29/02', 'March', 'Jelle Van de Putte', 'public alternative investment fund', 'Fund Administrator Tel.', 'net asset value', 'Capricorn Partners NV', 'different dividend rights', 'complete portfolio overview', 'European stock exchanges', 'Key Information Document', 'effective registration statement', 'public offer', 'different classes', 'diversified portfolio', 'Regulated information', 'press release', 'transparency requirements', 'Belgian law', 'clean technologies', 'Euronext Brussels', 'additional information', 'Securities Act', 'securities legislation', 'United States', 'US persons', 'applicable exemption', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual events', 'other things', 'legal changes', 'stock markets', 'risk profile', 'Growth NV', 'listed companies', 'innovative companies', 'growth funds', 'share price', 'growth companies', 'growth capital', 'Quest', 'Privak/pricaf', 'AIF', '29 February', '31 December', 'Source', 'account', 'shares', 'website', 'venture', 'areas', 'health', '23 September', 'announcement', 'solicitation', 'Nothing', 'promise', 'representation', 'future', 'knowledge', 'results', 'predictions', 'economic', 'business', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'prospectus', 'subscription', '32']",2024-07-04,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37139,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46109083/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares -March 07  2024 at 02:02 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 07-March-2024 / 07:00...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46109083/?utm_med…,"07 March 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 06 March 2024 it purchased a total of 214 578 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 134 578 80 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.540 £1.332 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.514 £1.298 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.534500 £1.323106The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 646 907 728 shares  each carrying the right to one vote. TheCompany holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Numis Securities Ltd on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 4455 1.518 XDUB 08:15:03 00069122756TRLO0 5000 1.514 XDUB 08:18:50 00069122903TRLO0 3687 1.520 XDUB 08:30:09 00069123166TRLO0 3470 1.520 XDUB 08:30:09 00069123167TRLO0 5000 1.520 XDUB 08:32:48 00069123232TRLO0 1197 1.520 XDUB 08:32:48 00069123233TRLO0 7000 1.536 XDUB 08:53:15 00069123969TRLO0 433 1.536 XDUB 08:53:15 00069123970TRLO0 7000 1.536 XDUB 08:53:49 00069123984TRLO0 6655 1.536 XDUB 08:53:49 00069123985TRLO0 3057 1.536 XDUB 08:53:49 00069123986TRLO0 7000 1.536 XDUB 08:54:49 00069124008TRLO0 3089 1.536 XDUB 08:54:49 00069124009TRLO0 232 1.536 XDUB 08:54:49 00069124010TRLO0 6778 1.536 XDUB 08:57:39 00069124150TRLO0 1750 1.536 XDUB 09:17:26 00069124681TRLO0 4418 1.536 XDUB 09:17:26 00069124682TRLO0 3105 1.538 XDUB 14:10:15 00069134142TRLO0 1021 1.538 XDUB 14:10:15 00069134144TRLO0 2100 1.538 XDUB 14:10:15 00069134145TRLO0 2100 1.538 XDUB 14:10:15 00069134146TRLO0 2100 1.538 XDUB 14:10:15 00069134147TRLO0 2100 1.538 XDUB 14:10:15 00069134148TRLO0 907 1.538 XDUB 14:10:15 00069134149TRLO0 6926 1.540 XDUB 14:19:27 00069134609TRLO0 269 1.540 XDUB 14:19:27 00069134610TRLO0 9876 1.540 XDUB 14:19:27 00069134611TRLO0 9355 1.540 XDUB 14:19:27 00069134612TRLO0 1750 1.538 XDUB 15:08:09 00069137663TRLO0 1367 1.540 XDUB 15:20:10 00069138207TRLO0 2824 1.540 XDUB 15:20:10 00069138208TRLO0 1111 1.540 XDUB 15:20:10 00069138209TRLO0 4893 1.540 XDUB 15:26:10 00069138491TRLO0 5982 1.538 XDUB 15:37:33 00069139070TRLO0 6571 1.538 XDUB 15:37:33 00069139069TRLO0London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.46,0.53,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'March', '02', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Numis Securities Ltd', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Transaction Transaction reference number', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading Venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', 'Transaction Details', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'shares Price', 'one vote', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', '646,907,728 shares', 'March', 'broker', 'purchases', 'part', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'No', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00069122756TRLO0', '00069122903TRLO0', '00069123166TRLO0', '00069123167TRLO0', '00069123232TRLO0', '00069123233TRLO0', '00069123969TRLO0', '00069123970TRLO0', '00069123984TRLO0', '00069123985TRLO0', '00069123986TRLO0', '00069124008TRLO0', '00069124009TRLO0', '00069124010TRLO0', '00069124150TRLO0', '00069124682TRLO0', '00069134142TRLO0', '00069134144TRLO0', '00069134145TRLO0', '00069134146TRLO0', '00069134147TRLO0', '00069134148TRLO0', '00069134149TRLO0', '00069134609TRLO0 269', '00069134610TRLO0', '00069134611TRLO0', '00069134612TRLO0', '00069137663TRLO0', '00069138207TRLO0', '00069138208TRLO0', '00069138209TRLO0', '00069138491TRLO0', '00069139070TRLO0', '00069139069TRLO0']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/07/hsbc-holdings-plc-sells-1862-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Hsbc Holdings PLC Sells 1 862 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Hsbc Holdings PLC trimmed its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 37.2% in the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 3 138 shares of the company’s stock a…,Hsbc Holdings PLC trimmed its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 37.2% in the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 3 138 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1 862 shares during the quarter. Hsbc Holdings PLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $445 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. TFB Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter worth $201 000. Bison Wealth LLC raised its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 4.2% during the 3rd quarter. Bison Wealth LLC now owns 17 894 shares of the company’s stock worth $2 535 000 after buying an additional 728 shares in the last quarter. Sugarloaf Wealth Management LLC raised its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 708.4% during the 3rd quarter. Sugarloaf Wealth Management LLC now owns 77 008 shares of the company’s stock worth $10 911 000 after buying an additional 67 482 shares in the last quarter. Robertson Stephens Wealth Management LLC raised its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 31.0% during the 3rd quarter. Robertson Stephens Wealth Management LLC now owns 69 678 shares of the company’s stock worth $9 873 000 after buying an additional 16 487 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Invesco Ltd. raised its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 15.6% during the 3rd quarter. Invesco Ltd. now owns 4 521 037 shares of the company’s stock worth $640 586 000 after buying an additional 609 306 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceInvesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock opened at $164.41 on Thursday. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52 week low of $133.34 and a 52 week high of $164.96. The stock has a market capitalization of $46.48 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. The stock has a fifty day moving average of $158.52 and a 200-day moving average of $150.11.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Hsbc Holdings PLC', '1,862 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Robertson Stephens Wealth Management LLC', 'Sugarloaf Wealth Management LLC', 'fifty day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Bison Wealth LLC', '200-day moving average', 'TFB Advisors LLC', 'other institutional investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'daily performance', 'Invesco Ltd.', 'Hsbc Holdings PLC', 'recent SEC filing', 'Free Report', 'recent filing', 'email address', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'new position', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Stories', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'third quarter', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 728 shares', 'additional 67,482 shares', 'additional 16,487 shares', 'additional 609,306 shares', '3,138 shares', '1,862 shares', '17,894 shares', '77,008 shares', '69,678 shares', '4,521,037 shares', 'stake', 'company', 'firm', 'number', 'Thursday', '52 week', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,etfdailynews.com
37141,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SIDETRADE-S-A-3033378/news/Sidetrade-strengthens-scalability-with-Chief-of-Staff-appointment-46113597/,Sidetrade strengthens scalability with Chief of Staff appointment,(marketscreener.com) Sidetrade  the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash applications  announces the appointment of Carole Benichou as its new Chief of Staff and latest addition to the executive committee. This appointment reaffirms Sidetrade's strategic…,"Sidetrade   the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash applications  announces the appointment of Carole Benichou as its new Chief of Staff and latest addition to the executive committee. This appointment reaffirms Sidetrade's strategic plan through organic growth and acquisitions.In her role as Chief of Staff  Benichou will act as a strategic advisor to Sidetrade’s CEO Olivier Novasque. She will play a key role in instrumentalizing Sidetrade’s vision and go-to-market strategies  creating added value with a unified global approach. Furthermore  Benichou will spearhead the development of strategic alliances worldwide with an emphasis on ‘the Big 4’consulting firms and will also contribute to M&A initiatives.Olivier Novasque  Sidetrade CEO commented: ""Carole’s remarkable career trajectory in the Software industry  coupled with her leadership and expertise in navigating complex sales cycles at a global level  position her as a key asset in driving Sidetrade's future.”Benichou brings to Sidetrade an exceptional strategic acumen with two decades of experience spent devising marketing  go-to-market  alliances  pre-sales and customer success strategies at large American corporations  Procter & Gamble and Microsoft. Prior to joining Sidetrade  she was Senior Director in Azure Data & AI at Microsoft where she led pre-sales and customer success.Reflecting on her new role  Carole Benichou  Sidetrade Chief of Staff  said: “It is a privilege to be joining Sidetrade as Chief of Staff  and I’m eager to contribute to the group’s impressive trajectory. Sidetrade's AI vision for the future is not only ambitious  but also firmly within reach  and I'm thrilled to be part of the journey as we accelerate our path to revenue growth.”This appointment underscores Sidetrade’s commitment to expanding its Order-to-Cash footprint  supported by a strategy focused on leadership and optimizing go-to-market.Media relationsBecca Parlby 00 44 7824 5055 84 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides an AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $6.6 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 43 million buyers worldwide. Aimie recommends the best operational strategies  intelligently automates actions on the entire Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance  and working capital improvements.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 320+ talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Bic  Biffa  Criteo  Expedia  HPE  Insight Enterprises  KPMG  Manpower  Nespresso  Nielsen  Nutrien  Siemens  Sodexo  Tech Data  UGI  Veolia  and XPO.Sidetrade is a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on X @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the English version is to be taken into account.Attachment",neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Staff appointment', 'Sidetrade', 'scalability', 'Chief', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'Big 4’consulting firms', 'M&A initiatives', 'large American corporations', 'working capital improvements', '320+ talented employees', 'best operational strategies', 'remarkable career trajectory', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'exceptional strategic acumen', 'unified global approach', 'complex sales cycles', 'customer success strategies', 'customer transactions', 'global leader', 'global level', 'impressive trajectory', 'global businesses', 'principles-based approach', 'strategic plan', 'strategic advisor', 'Cash applications', 'latest addition', 'executive committee', 'organic growth', 'Olivier Novasque', 'market strategies', 'added value', 'Software industry', 'key asset', 'two decades', 'Senior Director', 'Azure Data', 'revenue growth', 'Cash footprint', 'Media relations', 'Becca Parlby', 'Euronext Growth', 'Cash platform', 'cash flow', '$6.6 trillion worth', 'attrition risk', '43 million buyers', 'Cash process', 'global reach', 'Insight Enterprises', 'Tech Data', 'responsible business', 'English versions', 'press release', 'AI-powered Order', 'strategic alliances', 'entire Order', 'key role', 'new role', 'new Chief', 'next-generation AI', 'Sidetrade Cloud', 'X @Sidetrade', 'Carole Benichou', 'AI vision', 'Sidetrade CEO', 'Sidetrade Chief', 'appointment', 'Staff', 'acquisitions', 'development', 'emphasis', 'leadership', 'expertise', 'future', 'experience', 'marketing', 'Procter', 'Gamble', 'Microsoft', 'pre-sales', 'privilege', 'group', 'part', 'journey', 'path', 'commitment', 'strategy', 'bparlby', 'ALBFR', 'Aimie', 'productivity', 'performance', 'Paris', 'London', 'Birmingham', 'Dublin', 'Houston', 'Calgary', '85 countries', 'Bic', 'Biffa', 'Criteo', 'Expedia', 'HPE', 'KPMG', 'Manpower', 'Nespresso', 'Nielsen', 'Nutrien', 'Siemens', 'Sodexo', 'UGI', 'Veolia', 'XPO', 'information', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'French', 'account', 'Attachment']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CARMILA-5189/news/CARMILA-Changes-in-the-composition-of-the-Board-of-Directors-following-the-meeting-of-the-Board-of-46122271/,CARMILA: Changes in the composition of the Board of Directors following the meeting of the Board of Directors on 7 March 2024 -March 07  2024 at 01:14 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:The Board of Directors of Carmila met today and decided  on the recommendation formulated by the Nomination and Compensation Committee  to propose to the next General Meeting of Shareholders the renewal of the terms of…,Regulatory News:The Board of Directors of Carmila (Paris:CARM) met today and decided  on the recommendation formulated by the Nomination and Compensation Committee  to propose to the next General Meeting of Shareholders the renewal of the terms of office as Directors of Marie Cheval  Olivier Lecomte  Nadra Moussalem and Laurent Vallée  for a term of four years  until the General Meeting called to approve the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2027.The Board of Directors also decided  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  to co-opt Mrs Caroline Dassié as a Director to replace Mrs Elodie Perthuisot. Her appointment will expire at the end of Ms Perthuisot's term of office  i.e. at the General Meeting called to approve the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2024. This appointment will be submitted for ratification at the next General Meeting of Shareholders.Caroline Dassié began her career in 1994 with the Danone group  first with Lu  then with Blédina  where she held various sales and marketing positions. In 2004  she joined Danone Eaux France  becoming Sales and E-Commerce Director in 2014. In 2015  she was appointed International Food General Manager at Intermarché. Ms Dassié joined Carrefour France in 2018 as Executive Director of Supermarkets  then Executive Director of Marketing and Customers for the Carrefour Group from 1 September 2021.Lastly  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  the Board of Directors decided not to renew the term of office as Director of Mr Laurent Luccioni.Following these changes and subject to the approval of the General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on 24 April 2024  Carmila's Board of Directors will comprise 12 directors  58.3% of whom are independent and 50% of whom are women.INVESTOR AGENDA17 April 2024 (after market close): Financial information for the first quarter 202424 April 2024: Annual Shareholder Meeting24 July 2024 (after market close): First half 2024 results25 July 2024: First half 2024 results presentation17 October 2024 (after market close): Financial information for the third quarter 2024ABOUT CARMILAAs the third-largest listed owner of commercial property in Europe  Carmila was founded by Carrefour and large institutional investors in order to enhance the value of shopping centres adjoining Carrefour hypermarkets in France  Spain and Italy. At 31 December 2023  its portfolio was valued at €5.9 billion and is made up of 201 shopping centres  with leading positions in their catchment areas.Carmila is listed on Euronext-Paris Compartment A under the symbol CARM. It benefits from the tax regime for French real estate investment trusts (“SIIC”). Carmila has been a member of the SBF 120 since 20 June 2022.Important noticeSome of the statements contained in this document are not historical facts but rather statements of future expectations  estimates and other forward-looking statements based on management’s beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Please refer to the most recent Universal Registration Document filed in French by Carmila with the Autorité des marchés financiers for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties. Carmila has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Carmila accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.This press release is available in the “Regulatory Information” section of Carmila’s Finance webpage: https://www.carmila.com/en/finance/regulatory-information/View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240307389510/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['CARMILA', 'Changes', 'composition', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '7 March', '01:14', 'French real estate investment trusts', 'International Food General Manager', 'recent Universal Registration Document', 'First half 2024 results presentation', 'Laurent Vallée', 'Mr Laurent Luccioni', 'largest listed owner', 'large institutional investors', 'marchés financiers', 'Mrs Elodie Perthuisot', 'Annual Shareholder Meeting', 'next General Meeting', 'Mrs Caroline Dassié', 'Danone Eaux France', 'other forward-looking statements', 'first quarter', 'future results', 'Ms Perthuisot', 'Danone group', 'Ms Dassié', 'Regulatory News', 'Compensation Committee', 'Marie Cheval', 'Olivier Lecomte', 'Nadra Moussalem', 'four years', 'Blédina', 'INVESTOR AGENDA', 'Financial information', 'commercial property', 'shopping centres', 'leading positions', 'catchment areas', 'Euronext-Paris Compartment', 'tax regime', 'Important notice', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'Autorité des', 'additional information', 'press release', 'Regulatory Information', 'Finance webpage', 'source version', 'Carrefour France', 'Carrefour Group', 'Carrefour hypermarkets', 'market close', 'financial statements', 'E-Commerce Director', 'Executive Director', 'above statements', 'various sales', 'marketing positions', 'third quarter', 'unknown risks', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Carmila', 'recommendation', 'Nomination', 'Shareholders', 'renewal', 'terms', 'office', '31 December', 'appointment', 'ratification', 'career', 'Intermarché', 'Supermarkets', 'Customers', '1 September', 'changes', 'approval', '24 April', 'women', 'July', 'October', 'Europe', 'order', 'value', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'portfolio', 'symbol', 'CARM.', 'SIIC', 'member', 'SBF', '20 June', 'estimates', 'management', 'beliefs', 'views', 'assumptions', 'date', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'relation', 'factors', 'intention', 'obligation', 'liability', 'consequences', 'use', 'section', 'regulatory-information', 'businesswire']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DGB-GROUP-N-V-6434/news/DGB-N-Group-diversifies-its-project-pipeline-with-plastic-and-biodiversity-credits-46121311/,DGB N : Group diversifies its project pipeline with plastic and biodiversity credits -March 07  2024 at 12:04 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  DGB Group N.V.   a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  strategically diversifies its project pipeline  venturing into new domains with the inclusion of plastic and biodiversity credits through new project…,"DGB Group N.V. (""DGB"" or ""the Group"") (Euronext: DGB: NL0009169515)  a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  strategically diversifies its project pipeline  venturing into new domains with the inclusion of plastic and biodiversity credits through new projects and methodologies. This strategic diversification into new project types marks a pivotal step in its ongoing commitment to environmental innovation  sustainability  and diversified revenue streams.Plastic credit projectDGB is at the forefront of developing a new plastic credit project  a significant initiative aimed at curbing plastic pollution and fostering environmental accountability. This programme  developed and managed by DGB  is focused on the cleanup and recycling of plastic. Every 1 000 kg of plastic cleaned up and recycled will create a plastic credit  making a substantial impact on reducing plastic waste in nature.For this pilot phase  DGB has partnered with a local project implementation partner in Sri Lanka. DGB is looking to conclude the feasibility studies in the coming months and is aiming to start the project in Q3 2024.As the developer of this programme  DGB enables investors and companies to actively participate in lessening the global burden of plastic waste  thereby safeguarding marine life and preserving fragile ecosystems.Biodiversity credit projectDGB is spearheading the development of a biodiversity credit project. This project is tailored to fund the conservation and restoration of biodiversity  with DGB actively managing the project to support the protection and restoration of crucial habitats  safeguard threatened species  and rehabilitate degraded ecosystems.For this pilot phase  DGB has partnered with a local project implementation partner in Australia. DGB is looking to conclude the pilot phase and full feasibility studies in the coming months and is aiming to start the project in Q3 2024.By developing and offering biodiversity credits  DGB empowers investors and companies to contribute meaningfully to biodiversity enhancement  improving the livelihoods of local communities and investing in the ecological variety of our planet.Diversified environmental solutionsThese pilot projects mark DGB's strategic diversification into new types of environmental credits  reaffirming its role as an innovator in the field of sustainable investments.In 2023  the Group expanded its carbon credit (carbon unit) project pipeline to 60.1 million carbon credits under management  marking a substantial +58% year-over-year growth. The introduction of plastic and biodiversity credits complements DGB's existing portfolio of carbon credits  further strengthening its position in the rapidly expanding market of environmental credits.""Our expansion into plastic and biodiversity credits is more than just a strategic business decision; it's a commitment to our planet and future generations "" said CEO Duijvestijn.""The launch of these pilots signifies DGB's dedication to providing comprehensive solutions for environmental challenges. We are not just observing market trends; we are actively shaping a sustainable future.""Partnering and purchasing biodiversity and plastic credits in advance at this early stage is possible for a select few partners and businesses; please contact our sales team at credits@green.earth for more information.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['DGB N', 'project pipeline', 'biodiversity credits', 'Group', 'plastic', 'March', '12:04', 'local project implementation partner', 'carbon unit) project pipeline', 'leading carbon project developer', 'DGB Group N.V.', 'new plastic credit project', 'diversified revenue streams', 'strategic business decision', '60.1 million carbon credits', 'full feasibility studies', 'new project types', 'Biodiversity credit project', 'ecosystem restoration company', 'Diversified environmental solutions', 'local communities', 'new types', 'new domains', 'new projects', 'comprehensive solutions', 'strategic diversification', 'environmental innovation', 'environmental accountability', 'environmental credits', 'environmental challenges', 'biodiversity credits', 'pivotal step', 'significant initiative', 'substantial impact', 'pilot phase', 'Sri Lanka', 'coming months', 'global burden', 'marine life', 'fragile ecosystems', 'crucial habitats', 'threatened species', 'degraded ecosystems', 'biodiversity enhancement', 'ecological variety', 'pilot projects', 'sustainable investments', 'year growth', 'existing portfolio', 'expanding market', 'future generations', 'CEO Duijvestijn', 'market trends', 'sustainable future', 'early stage', 'sales team', 'plastic pollution', 'plastic waste', 'plastic credits', 'ongoing commitment', 'Euronext', 'inclusion', 'methodologies', 'sustainability', 'forefront', 'programme', 'cleanup', 'recycling', '1,000 kg', 'nature', 'Q3 2024', 'investors', 'companies', 'development', 'conservation', 'protection', 'Australia', 'livelihoods', 'planet', 'role', 'innovator', 'field', 'management', 'introduction', 'position', 'expansion', 'launch', 'pilots', 'dedication', 'Partnering', 'advance', 'select', 'partners', 'businesses', 'earth', 'information']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-tax-experts-available-for-comment-on-U-S-State-of-the-Union-46122366/,Wolters Kluwer tax experts available for comment on U.S. State of the Union,(marketscreener.com) Key tax proposals expected to be included in presidential addresshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-tax-experts-available-for-comment-on-U-S-State-of-the-Union-46122366/?utm_medium=RSS&ut…,Key tax proposals expected to be included in presidential addressPresident Joe Biden is set to deliver the State of the Union address today  his final before the 2024 U.S. presidential elections. During the address to a joint session of the U.S. Congress  Biden is expected to lay out what he views as his administration's accomplishments over the last three years and share his vision for his priorities for the balance of his first term  including important tax changes that could impact millions of individuals and corporations. Wolters Kluwer invites reporters to speak to its tax experts for their insights.As background  last year Biden outlined three tax policy proposals which included raising the tax on stock buybacks  imposing a billionaire minimum tax  and expanding the child tax credit  none of which was enacted into law in 2023.In his upcoming address to the nation  it is believed that Biden likely will comment on the Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act of 2024  which the U.S. House of Representatives passed on a bi-partisan basis by a 357 - 70 vote on January 31  2024. Wolters Kluwer experts anticipate that the president will express his support of the bill’s tax provisions and encourage the U.S. Senate to move the bill forward.Expert InterviewsWolters Kluwer experts are now available to reporters wishing to discuss any of the following key tax bill provisions including:Expansion of the Child Tax CreditBonus Depreciation extensionsBusiness interest limitationDisaster reliefImmediate deduction of Research and Experiment expendituresTax treaty-like benefits for Taiwan ResidentsEarly end of Employee Retention Tax Credit (ERTC) claimsGlobal Minimum TaxReporters are invited to contact Shannon Wherry  Associate Director  External Communications  to arrange interviews with either of the following Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting (TAA) experts:Mark A. Luscombe   JD  LL.M  CPA  Principal Analyst  Wolters Kluwer TAA  JD  LL.M  CPA  Principal Analyst  Wolters Kluwer TAA Mark Friedlich   ESQ.  CPA  Vice President  Government Affairs  Wolters Kluwer TAAReporters are also invited to speak with Sarah Whybrow  Associate Director  External Communications  to arrange interviews with the following Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance & ESG (CP &ESG) expert:Perry Hatch   Senior Director  Global Product Management at Wolters Kluwer CP & ESGWolters Kluwer TAA federal tax experts are also available to discuss any other current tax topics impacting business and individual taxpayers.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.PLEASE NOTE: The content of this media alert is designed to provide accurate and authoritative information regarding the subject matter covered. The information is provided with the understanding that Wolters Kluwer TAA is not engaged in rendering legal  accounting or other professional services.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240307808987/en/,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.2,0.56,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer tax experts', 'U.S. State', 'comment', 'Union', 'Child Tax Credit Bonus Depreciation extensions', 'Wolters Kluwer TAA federal tax experts', 'Wolters Kluwer TAA Mark Friedlich', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Employee Retention Tax Credit', 'following key tax bill provisions', 'other current tax topics', 'three tax policy proposals', '2024 U.S. presidential elections', 'Wolters Kluwer TAA Reporters', 'Global Minimum Tax Reporters', 'Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance', 'Key tax proposals', 'Mark A. Luscombe', 'Wolters Kluwer experts', 'billionaire minimum tax', 'U.S. Congress', 'last three years', 'U.S. House', 'U.S. Senate', 'Accounting (TAA) experts', 'important tax changes', 'Tax treaty-like benefits', 'Global Product Management', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer CP', 'other professional services', 'Business interest limitation', 'tax provisions', 'President Joe Biden', 'Tax Relief', 'global leader', 'presidential address', 'corporate compliance', 'joint session', 'first term', 'stock buybacks', 'American Families', 'Workers Act', 'partisan basis', '357 - 70 vote', 'Disaster relief', 'Immediate deduction', 'Experiment expenditures', 'Taiwan Residents', 'Early end', 'ERTC) claims', 'Shannon Wherry', 'Associate Director', 'External Communications', 'LL.M', 'Principal Analyst', 'Vice President', 'Government Affairs', 'Sarah Whybrow', 'Perry Hatch', 'Senior Director', 'individual taxpayers', 'software solutions', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'PLEASE NOTE', 'media alert', 'subject matter', 'source version', 'Union address', 'upcoming address', 'legal, accounting', 'Expert Interviews', 'ESG) expert', 'authoritative information', 'State', 'administration', 'accomplishments', 'priorities', 'balance', 'millions', 'individuals', 'corporations', 'insights', 'background', 'none', 'law', 'nation', 'Representatives', 'January', 'support', 'Expansion', 'Research', 'JD', 'CPA', 'ESQ.', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'financial', 'regulatory', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'content', 'accurate', 'understanding', 'businesswire']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-to-share-strategic-sustainability-insights-at-The-IIA-s-2024-Great-Audit-Minds-Conf-46121286/,Wolters Kluwer to share strategic sustainability insights at The IIA's 2024 Great Audit Minds Conference,(marketscreener.com) Industry expert to provide critical insight on the role of internal audit in ESG Assurancehttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-to-share-strategic-sustainability-insights-at-The-IIA-s-2024-G…,Industry expert to provide critical insight on the role of internal audit in ESG AssuranceWolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today announces that Jim Pelletier  CIA  CGAP  Senior Product Manager for its TeamMate Global Audit Solutions business  will present during two expert sessions at the upcoming 2024 IIA Great Audit Minds (GAM) Conference on March 13th.Pelletier will lead a panel discussion focused on “ESG and The Role of Internal Audit”  discussing the increasing relevance sustainability plays within organizations  and more particularly  the audit teams who support them. Other discussion topics include what lies ahead for ESG assurance and updates on the latest ESG regulations and standards.Frans Klaassen  Senior Vice President and General Manager  Wolters Kluwer TeamMate  said: “As organizations continue to focus on sustainability  it becomes more critical that internal auditors have the right knowledge  skills  and tools to identify and mitigate related complex risks. Wolters Kluwer TeamMate appreciates this opportunity to share insights related to internal auditors’ vital role in understanding  navigating and mitigating the impact ESG risks can have on their businesses.”Pelletier will also co-lead a second presentation  “Internal Audit Foundation Roundtable: Share your AI Use Cases”. In this interactive session  Pelletier  along with Laura LeBlanc  Senior Director at the Internal Audit Foundation  and Nicole Narkiewicz  Senior Manager  Research and Insights for The Institute of Internal Auditors  will engage attendees in a focused discussion to explore the utilization of Artificial Intelligence (AI) within internal audit.Delegates attending the Las Vegas IIA GAM Conference event are encouraged to visit Wolters Kluwer’s booth to learn more about the award-winning portfolio of TeamMate global audit solutions.Wolters Kluwer TeamMate is a global leader in audit management software with a presence in more than 135 countries. TeamMate is part of Wolters Kluwer’s Corporate Performance & ESG (CP & ESG) division  headed by CEO Karen Abramson. The division is the world’s leading provider of integrated software solutions for EHS  Environmental  Social  and Governance (ESG)  and Governance  Risk and Compliance (GRC). Through innovative technology and unique expertise  Wolters Kluwer CP & ESG enables business leaders to make informed  strategic decisions driving transformation  performance and risk management for a sustainable and resilient world.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240307368219/en/,neutral,0.28,0.71,0.01,positive,0.64,0.34,0.02,True,English,"['2024 Great Audit Minds Conference', 'strategic sustainability insights', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'The IIA', 'Las Vegas IIA GAM Conference event', 'upcoming 2024 IIA Great Audit Minds', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'TeamMate Global Audit Solutions business', 'Internal Audit Foundation Roundtable', 'internal auditors’ vital role', 'CEO Karen Abramson', 'Senior Vice President', 'related complex risks', 'integrated software solutions', 'informed, strategic decisions', 'deep domain knowledge', 'two expert sessions', 'Other discussion topics', 'audit management software', 'GAM) Conference', 'increasing relevance sustainability', 'AI Use Cases', 'Wolters Kluwer TeamMate', 'Senior Product Manager', 'latest ESG regulations', 'Wolters Kluwer CP', 'business leaders', 'expert solutions', 'audit teams', 'global leader', 'Senior Manager', 'right knowledge', 'Senior Director', 'critical decisions', 'Industry expert', 'panel discussion', 'General Manager', 'focused discussion', 'ESG risks', 'critical insight', 'March 13th', 'Frans Klaassen', 'second presentation', 'interactive session', 'Laura LeBlanc', 'Nicole Narkiewicz', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'award-winning portfolio', 'leading provider', 'unique expertise', 'risk management', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'Corporate Performance', 'ESG Assurance', 'The Institute', 'innovative technology', 'resilient world', 'corporate compliance', 'professional information', 'Jim Pelletier', 'ESG) division', 'ESG.', 'services', 'CGAP', 'organizations', 'updates', 'standards', 'skills', 'tools', 'opportunity', 'insights', 'impact', 'businesses', 'Research', 'attendees', 'utilization', 'Delegates', 'booth', 'presence', '135 countries', 'part', 'EHS', 'Environmental', 'Social', 'Governance', 'GRC', 'transformation', 'sustainable', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2841927/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7306 £ 24.7857 Estimated MTD return 0.45 % 0.47 % Estimated YTD return 0.66 % 0.88 % Estimated ITD return 177.31 % 147.86 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.68 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.26 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.2384 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.9066The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37147,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2841926/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7306 £ 24.7857 Estimated MTD return 0.45 % 0.47 % Estimated YTD return 0.66 % 0.88 % Estimated ITD return 177.31 % 147.86 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.68 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.26 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.2384 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.9066The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46108729/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -March 07  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7306 £ 24.7857 Estimated MTD return 0.45 % 0.47 % Estimated YTD return 0.66 % 0.88 % Estimated ITD return 177.31 % 147.86 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.68 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.26 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.2384 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.9066The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'March', '01', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37149,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-46108730/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -March 07  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7306 £ 24.7857 Estimated MTD return 0.45 % 0.47 % Estimated YTD return 0.66 % 0.88 % Estimated ITD return 177.31 % 147.86 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.68 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.26 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.2384 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.9066The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'March', '01', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37150,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AFYREN-126986323/news/AFYREN-Is-Ramping-up-Its-Efforts-to-Create-a-New-Path-for-Organic-Waste-Recovery-46108959/,AFYREN Is Ramping up Its Efforts to Create a New Path for Organic Waste Recovery,(marketscreener.com) Collaboration with SUEZ  a leading player in circular waste solutions  aims to create value from organic wasteProject is in line with AFYREN’s core strategy of transforming organic waste streams into resources with real valueThe…,"Collaboration with SUEZ  a leading player in circular waste solutions  aims to create value from organic waste Project is in line with AFYREN’s core strategy of transforming organic waste streams into resources with real value The work is part of the European AFTER-BIOCHEM1 project  with support from the CBE-JU2Regulatory News:AFYREN (Paris:ALAFY)  a greentech company that offers manufacturers natural  low-carbon ingredients produced using unique fermentation technology based on a completely circular model  and SUEZ  a world leader in circular solutions for water and waste management  are working together on a new way of creating value from organic waste.At a time when nearly 20% of global food production is wasted  the importance of limiting these losses throughout the value chain and better valorizing waste streams is a fundamental challenge. Regulatory developments in France are moving in this direction. A provision of the AGEC (Anti-Waste for a Circular Economy) law on organic waste collection for private households came into effect in January 2024  while at the European level Amended Directive 2018/851 on the circular economy is set to make this subject relevant across the EU. ADEME  the French agency for ecological transition  estimates that the average French person puts 83 kg of household organic waste in the garbage every year. The re-organization of sorting and collection systems will go a long way toward facilitating access to these flows and increasing the amount of organic waste available to be processed.An AFYREN initiative launched with SUEZ to develop a new  complementary organic waste recovery processUsing waste from SUEZ's collection and treatment activities  AFYREN’s process for manufacturing products that can replace petroleum-derived molecules promises to offer an attractive valorization path and a concrete  circular solution to the decarbonization challenges faced by a variety of industrial sectors.The goal of this collaboration between AFYREN and SUEZ is to develop an offer based on this solution that would be complementary to the processes currently in place in France — such as those using bio-waste as amendment or to generate methane for energy purposes. In concrete terms  SUEZ is drawing on its expertise in organic waste to identify possible sources  while AFYREN is continuing laboratory tests at its R&D facility in Clermont-Ferrand. The two players will also be working on a business model with a view to marketing the solution  provided that it meets their financial and sustainability requirements.A project supported by the AFTER-BIOCHEM consortiumCreated in 2012 and running at industrial scale since 2022  the AFYREN process is based on the natural fermentation of biomass from locally sourced co-products that do not compete with human food crops. A wide range of raw materials can be used  including co-products from the sugar industry (beet and cane)  other organic co-products (soy  cane  corn  beer production) — and now also organic waste from garbage collection. AFYREN's ambition has always been to position itself using raw materials that have little or no value  with a view to creating better economics and bolstering sustainability.For its part  thanks to this collaboration  SUEZ will be able to strengthen and diversify its range of circular solutions for organic waste recovery. Today  the group converts in France around 2 million metric tons of organic waste into compost every year; 200 000 tons are valorized as biogas in France.This initiative marks a significant step forward in the collaboration between the two companies  initiated in 2020 as part of the AFTER-BIOCHEM consortium. It is fully aligned with Europe's ambitious policy on these subjects.Jérémy PESSIOT Managing Director  R&D Director and co-founder of AFYREN  said: ""SUEZ is a long-standing partner in the AFTER-BIOCHEM consortium  and I'm delighted to be able to move forward on this project  which is particularly close to my heart  as it is fully aligned with AFYREN’s DNA: innovate to turn waste into a valuable resource.""About AFYRENAFYREN is a French greentech company launched in 2012 to meet the challenge of decarbonizing industrial supplies. Its natural  innovative and proprietary fermentation technology valorizes local biomass from non-food agricultural co-products  replacing petro-sourced ingredients usually used in many product formulations. AFYREN's 100% biobased  low-carbon and sustainable solutions can meet decarbonization challenges in a wide variety of strategic sectors: human and animal nutrition  flavors and fragrances  life sciences and materials  and lubricants and technical fluids. AFYREN's plug-and-play  circular technology combines sustainability and competitiveness  with no need for manufacturers to change their processes.The Group's first French plant  AFYREN NEOXY  a joint venture with Bpifrance's SPI fund  is located in the Grand-Est region of France  in Saint Avold  serving mainly the European market.AFYREN is also pursuing a project in Thailand with a world leader in the sugar industry  and is developing its presence in the Americas  following up on distribution agreements it has already signed.At the end of 2023  AFYREN employed about 120 people in Lyon  Clermont-Ferrand and Carling Saint-Avold. The company invests 20% of its annual budget in R&D to further develop its sustainable solutions.AFYREN has been listed on the Euronext Growth® exchange in Paris since 2021 (ISIN code: FR0014005AC9  mnemonic: ALAFY).Find out more: afyren.com_____________________1 https://after-biochem.eu/2 Circular Bio-Based Europe Joint UndertakingView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240306866623/en/",neutral,0.14,0.67,0.19,mixed,0.36,0.28,0.36,True,English,"['Organic Waste Recovery', 'New Path', 'AFYREN', 'Efforts', 'new, complementary organic waste recovery process', 'Jérémy PESSIOT', 'R&D facility', 'petroleum-derived molecules promises', 'attractive valorization path', 'food agricultural co-products', 'many product formulations', 'R&D Director', 'average French person', 'first French plant', 'European level Amended', 'global food production', 'household organic waste', 'unique fermentation technology', 'proprietary fermentation technology', 'human food crops', '2 million metric tons', 'organic waste streams', 'other organic co', 'French greentech company', 'European AFTER-BIOCHEM1 project', 'natural, low-carbon ingredients', 'organic waste collection', 'organic waste Project', 'circular waste solutions', 'concrete, circular solution', 'An AFYREN initiative', 'new way', 'natural fermentation', 'circular technology', 'French agency', 'European market', 'circular solutions', 'waste management', 'concrete terms', 'beer production', 'Managing Director', 'petro-sourced ingredients', '100% biobased, low-carbon', 'natural, innovative', 'circular model', 'Circular Economy', 'AFYREN process', 'sustainable solutions', 'leading player', 'core strategy', 'Regulatory News', 'world leader', 'Regulatory developments', 'private households', 'ecological transition', 'collection systems', 'treatment activities', 'decarbonization challenges', 'industrial sectors', 'energy purposes', 'possible sources', 'laboratory tests', 'two players', 'business model', 'AFTER-BIOCHEM consortium', 'industrial scale', 'sugar industry', 'significant step', 'two companies', 'ambitious policy', 'standing partner', 'valuable resource', 'industrial supplies', 'strategic sectors', 'animal nutrition', 'life sciences', 'technical fluids', 'joint venture', 'SPI fund', 'Grand-Est region', 'Saint Avold', 'raw materials', 'fundamental challenge', 'long way', 'wide range', 'garbage collection', 'local biomass', 'wide variety', 'The Group', 'real value', 'value chain', 'sustainability requirements', 'manufacturing products', 'AFYREN NEOXY', '200,000 tons', 'Collaboration', 'SUEZ', 'line', 'resources', 'work', 'support', 'CBE-JU2', 'Paris', 'ALAFY', 'manufacturers', 'water', 'time', 'importance', 'losses', 'France', 'direction', 'provision', 'AGEC', 'Anti-Waste', 'law', 'effect', 'January', 'Directive', 'subject', 'ADEME', '83 kg', 'organization', 'sorting', 'access', 'flows', 'amount', 'goal', 'offer', 'processes', 'place', 'bio-waste', 'amendment', 'methane', 'expertise', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'view', 'financial', 'beet', 'cane', 'soy', 'corn', 'ambition', 'little', 'economics', 'compost', 'biogas', 'founder', 'heart', 'DNA', 'flavors', 'fragrances', 'lubricants', 'competitiveness', 'need', 'Thailand']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37151,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VUSIONGROUP-5151/news/Vusiongroup-VusionGroup-strengthens-its-Governance-46121324/,Vusiongroup : VusionGroup strengthens its Governance -March 07  2024 at 12:05 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  VusionGroup strengthens its GovernancePeter Brabeck-Letmathe is appointed Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors and Lead Independent Director.Two new independent directors will be proposed to the next Annual General Meeting  raisi…,"VusionGroup strengthens its GovernancePeter Brabeck-Letmathe is appointed Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors and Lead Independent Director.Two new independent directors will be proposed to the next Annual General Meeting  raising the proportion of independent directors on the Board to 60%.One of the new Board members would be nominated by Bpifrance  which currently holds 8.21% of VusionGroup's shares.To reflect the strong international growth VusionGroup experienced in the past years  the evolution of its capital structure over the last 18 months  and as a continuation of the changes put in place at year-end 2022  the Board of Directors of the Group will propose two new independent non-executive directors (as defined by the Afep-Medef Code) to the next Annual General meeting of shareholders  scheduled to be held on June 19th. This will raise the total number of Board members to ten  of which six will qualify as independent.Among the new Board members to be proposed  one would represent Bpifrance's LAC1 investment fund  which currently holds approximately 8.21% of VusionGroup's equity.Additionally  the Board of Directors has designated Peter Brabeck-Letmathe as Vice-Chairman of the Board  and Lead Independent Director of VusionGroup. Mr. Brabeck-Letmathe has also been named Chairman of the new Strategy and ESG committee of the Board of Directors  made up exclusively of independent directors.Thierry Gadou  Chairman and CEO of VusionGroup commented: “Following the changes made to our governance at year-end 2022  we are taking this important new step in permanently adapting our Board of Directors to reflect our capital structure and the strong international expansion of our business. I would like to express my warm gratitude to Peter Brabeck-Letmathe for having accepted to become even more involved in the work of our Board and to thus contribute his vast knowledge and unique experience in global business in general  and in the consumer goods industry in particular. I am very proud to have him as a member of our Board  and I am also proud to work with recognized leaders such as Hélène Ploix  Candace Johnson  Franck Moison  and George Yao. Their stature in the business world and their expertise are valuable assets for our company as it pursues its wide-reaching global development. I am also very pleased for the opportunity to nominate two new independent non-executive directors at our next Annual General Meeting of shareholders  one of which will represent Bpifrance.”Peter Brabeck-Letmathe concluded: “I am delighted to contribute even more actively to the governance and the growth of a unique company  at the heart of the digitalization of physical commerce  as part of the Board of Directors and its Strategy & ESG committee  to deliver its Vusion '27 strategic plan .”About VusionGroupVusionGroup (ex- SES-imagotag) is the global leader in providing digitalization solutions for commerce  serving over 350 large retailer groups around the world in Europe  Asia and North America. The Group develops technologies that create a positive impact on society by enabling sustainable and human-centered commerce.By leveraging its IoT & Data technologies  VusionGroup empowers retailers to re-imagine their physical stores into efficient  intelligent  connected  and data-driven assets. The Group unlocks higher economic performance  facilitates seamless collaboration across the value chain  enhances the shopping experience  creates better jobs  cultivates healthier communities  and significantly reduces waste and carbon emissions.VusionGroup consist of six families of solutions which bring the full potential of IoT  Cloud  Data  and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies to the service of the modernization of commerce: SESimagotag (ESL & Digital Shelf Systems)  VusionCloud  Captana (computer vision and artificial intelligence platform)  Memory (data analytics)  Engage (retail media and in-store advertising)  and PDidigital (logistics and industrial solutions).VusionGroup supports the United Nations' Global Compact initiative and has received in 2023 the Platinum Sustainability Rating from EcoVadis  the world's reference of business sustainability ratings.VusionGroup is listed in compartment A of Euronext™ Paris and member of the SBF120 Index. Ticker: VU – ISIN code: FR0010282822www.vusion.comInvestor Relations : Labrador – Raquel Lizarraga / +33 (0)6 46 71 55 20 / raquel.lizarraga.ext@vusion.comPress contact: SES-imagotag@publicisconsultants.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lGmflpdrlGiZnJpulseanJJkbZqWmmSca2icmmFra5vGaXJlypxnapjIZnFlmmdv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84529-vusiongroup_pr_governance_2024_final.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['Vusiongroup', 'Governance', 'March', '12', '05', ""United Nations' Global Compact initiative"", 'two new independent non-executive directors', 'Hélène Ploix', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Two new independent directors', 'important new step', 'Lead Independent Director', 'LAC1 investment fund', 'strong international expansion', 'consumer goods industry', 'reaching global development', '350 large retailer groups', 'higher economic performance', 'Digital Shelf Systems', 'Platinum Sustainability Rating', 'next press releases', 'original press release', 'strong international growth', 'artificial intelligence platform', 'business sustainability ratings', ""Vusion '27 strategic plan"", 'new Board members', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'new Strategy', 'global business', 'global leader', 'Press contact', 'other releases', 'Peter Brabeck-Letmathe', 'past years', 'capital structure', 'last 18 months', 'Afep-Medef Code', 'June 19th', 'total number', 'Mr. Brabeck-Letmathe', 'ESG committee', 'Thierry Gadou', 'warm gratitude', 'vast knowledge', 'unique experience', 'recognized leaders', 'Candace Johnson', 'Franck Moison', 'George Yao', 'valuable assets', 'North America', 'positive impact', 'physical stores', 'data-driven assets', 'seamless collaboration', 'value chain', 'shopping experience', 'healthier communities', 'carbon emissions', 'six families', 'computer vision', 'retail media', 'store advertising', 'compartment A', 'Euronext™ Paris', 'SBF120 Index', 'ISIN code', 'Investor Relations', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'The Group', 'AI) technologies', 'data analytics', 'industrial solutions', 'physical commerce', 'human-centered commerce', 'full potential', 'Raquel Lizarraga', 'Data technologies', 'business world', 'unique company', 'digitalization solutions', 'VusionGroup', 'Governance', 'Vice-Chairman', 'proportion', 'Bpifrance', 'shares', 'evolution', 'continuation', 'changes', 'place', 'shareholders', 'equity', 'CEO', 'year-end', 'work', 'stature', 'expertise', 'wide', 'opportunity', 'heart', 'SES-imagotag', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'society', 'sustainable', 'IoT', 'retailers', 'jobs', 'waste', 'Cloud', 'service', 'modernization', 'SESimagotag', 'ESL', 'Captana', 'Memory', 'Engage', 'PDidigital', 'logistics', 'EcoVadis', 'reference', 'Ticker', 'Labrador', 'publicisconsultants', 'publication', 'lGmflpdrlGiZnJpulseanJJkbZqWmmSca2icmmFra5vGaXJlypxnapjIZnFlmmdv', 'PDF', 'email', '2023', '6', '2024']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37152,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TARKETT-14899990/news/Tarkett-s-2023-CSR-Report-highlights-progress-in-climate-ambition-circular-economy-and-support-to-46122110/,Tarkett's 2023 CSR Report highlights progress in climate ambition  circular economy and support to people & communities,(marketscreener.com)                   PARIS  FRANCE  March 7  2024 – Tarkett  a world leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  releases today its 2023 Corporate Social & Environmental Responsibility Report. Fully audited by…,"PARIS  FRANCE  March 7 2024– Tarkett  a world leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  releases today its 2023Corporate Social & Environmental Responsibility (CSR) Report. Fully audited by an independent third party  this report outlines the company’s significant sustainability performance.“Our sustainability performance over the past year contributes actively to Tarkett's ambition: to be the easiest  the most innovative and the most sustainable flooring and sports surfaces company to work for and to work with. As part of our climate roadmap  we have successfully reduced our greenhouse gas emissions atour production sites by 47% in the last fouryears1  notably through improved energy efficiency and sourcing renewable electricity.I am also very proud that we have increased the proportion of women in management positions throughout 2023  well in line with our 2025 target"" said Fabrice Barthélemy  CEO of Tarkett.Early 2023  Tarkett’s climate roadmap was approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and the company joined the Europe’s Climate Leaders Ranking by Financial Times and Statista. CDP  recognized as the gold standard of environmental reporting  granted Tarkett’s climate action with a leadership level A- score. Tarkett is the only flooring and sports surfaces manufacturer to reach such a high level of maturity in 2023. Moreover  the sustainability rating agency EcoVadis gave a Gold Medal to Tarkett and ranked the company among the top 2% performing companies of all 100 000 rated organizations in 175 countries.Lower EmissionsIn 2023  44% of the company’s total energy consumption came from renewable energies  with 13 production sites purchasing 100% electricity coming from renewable energies. At the same time  our scope 3 value chain emissions decreased by 1 4 % v ersus 2019 .Less WasteIn 2023  Tarkett used 154 000 tons of recycled materials as an alternative to virgin materials  which represents 18% of our raw materials used   with the goal of reaching 30% by 2030. This progress helps avoid 188 000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions compared to the use of virgin primary raw materials. This is equivalent to the annual greenhouse gas emissions of 105 000 cars.Tarkett has reached strong progress with ReStart ®   its take-back and recycling program   by transforming end-of-use flooring and recycled materials into new floors. In the last 1 3 years  the company has collected the equivalent of 1 2 Eiffel Towers (11 9  000 tons) of flooring through Re S tart ®   into its eight flooring recycling centers.ReStart ® is now deployed in 2 9 different countries   including in Europe  No rth America  Brazil  India  Malaysia and Australia .Tarkett’s successful collaboration with IKEA continued: 11 post-use flooring take-backs have been made from IKEA stores across Europe. Since the first take - back experience from IKEA Stockholm in 2020  more than 150 tons - corresponding to 50 000 sqm - have been collected from IKEA stores in 13 countries across Europe  avoiding a total of 500 tons of greenhouse gas emissions.Within Tarkett Sports Division  our FieldTurf’s Goal Zero infill take-back program in North America helps diverting job-site waste from landfill and facilitating its reuse and recycling. In 2023  46 projects were completed  recovering old artificial turf and recycling 146 tons of materials. The Goal Zero program was strengthened by opening a new regeneration facility in Pennsylvania (USA).Greater Well-BeingCoping with the most stringent world standards in terms of indoor air quality   99% of our flooring solutions have low volatile organic compounds emission levels   which is ten times lower than the strictest world standards .Supporting teams and local communitiesTarkett has made further progress in terms of supporting its teams and local communities . Committed to d iversity & i nclusion  the share of women in management positions reached 2 9 % in 202 3   very close to achieving our 2025 target of 30%.Since the launch of Tarkett Academy   60 000 professionals and students have been trained as professional installers and in flooring installation techniques in 9 countries .Since the launch of our Tarkett Cares program supporting local communities  our teams were involved in over 9 00 community initiatives  with employees volunteering 3  8 00 days and over 1. 2 million euros of product donations.To find out more & download the CSR key figures  visit our website.Media ContactBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83Tarkett – communication@tarkett.comAbout TarkettWith a history of more than 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating turnover of € 3.4 billion in 2023. The Group has close to 12 000 employees  23 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors ” the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human‐Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT) www.tarkett‐group.com1 This reduction refers to absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions from fuel combustion  purchased electricity and steam consumption at Tarkett’s 34 production sites in 20 countries and from car leasing between 2019 and 2023.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.72,0.26,0.02,True,English,"['2023 CSR Report', 'climate ambition', 'Tarkett', 'progress', 'circular', 'economy', 'support', 'people', 'communities', 'low volatile organic compounds emission levels', 'greenhouse gas emissions atour production sites', 'Goal Zero infill take-back program', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'scope 3 value chain emissions', 'annual greenhouse gas emissions', 'The Goal Zero program', 'virgin primary raw materials', 'eight flooring recycling centers', 'independent third party', 'Fabrice Barthélemy', 'top 2% performing companies', 'Re S tart ®', 'old artificial turf', 'indoor air quality', 'sports surfaces manufacturer', 'sustainability rating agency', 'stringent world standards', 'strictest world standards', 'new regeneration facility', 'CSR key figures', '23 R&D centers', 'Climate Leaders Ranking', '11 post-use flooring take-backs', 'flooring installation techniques', 'significant sustainability performance', 'sports surface solutions', 'Tarkett Cares program', 'total energy consumption', 'sports surfaces company', 'Tarkett Sports Division', '13 production sites', '34 production sites', 'recycling program', 'Lower Emissions', '8 recycling centers', 'virgin materials', 'The Group', 'sports fields', 'world leader', 'energy efficiency', 'new floors', 'd iversity', 'flooring solutions', 'climate roadmap', 'climate action', 'sustainable flooring', '2023Corporate Social', 'Environmental Responsibility', 'CSR) Report', 'past year', 'last fouryears', 'management positions', 'Financial Times', 'gold standard', 'environmental reporting', 'leadership level', 'A- score', 'high level', 'Gold Medal', '100 000 rated organizations', 'renewable energies', 'same time', 'Less Waste', 'recycled materials', '1 2 Eiffel Towers', 'rth America', 'successful collaboration', 'job-site waste', 'Greater Well-Being', 'local communities', 'i nclusion', 'professional installers', '9 00 community initiatives', '2 million euros', 'product donations', 'Media Contact', 'worldwide leader', 'renewable electricity', 'last 1 3 years', 'first take', 'back experience', 'strong progress', 'Supporting teams', 'Tarkett Academy', '2 9 different countries', 'IKEA stores', '100% electricity', '140 years', '175 countries', '13 countries', '9 countries', '100 countries', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'March', 'innovative', 'ambition', 'easiest', 'proportion', 'women', 'line', '2025 target', 'CEO', 'SBTi', 'Europe', 'Statista', 'CDP', 'maturity', 'EcoVadis', 'ersus', '154,000 tons', 'alternative', '188,000 tons', '105,000 cars', 'ReStart ®', 'equivalent', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Malaysia', 'Australia', 'Stockholm', '150 tons', '50,000 sqm', '500 tons', 'FieldTurf', 'landfill', 'reuse', '46 projects', '146 tons', 'Pennsylvania', 'USA', 'terms', 'share', 'launch', '60 000 professionals', 'students', 'employees', 'website', 'Brunswick', 'communication', 'history', 'turnover', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'customers', '8 00']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37153,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2842588/0/en/Tarkett-s-2023-CSR-Report-highlights-progress-in-climate-ambition-circular-economy-and-support-to-people-communities.html,Tarkett’s 2023 CSR Report highlights progress in climate ambition  circular economy and support to people & communities,PARIS  FRANCE  March 7  2024 – Tarkett  a world leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  releases......,"PARIS  FRANCE  March 7  2024 – Tarkett  a world leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  releases today its 2023 Corporate Social & Environmental Responsibility (CSR) Report. Fully audited by an independent third party  this report outlines the company’s significant sustainability performance.“Our sustainability performance over the past year contributes actively to Tarkett's ambition: to be the easiest  the most innovative and the most sustainable flooring and sports surfaces company to work for and to work with. As part of our climate roadmap  we have successfully reduced our greenhouse gas emissions at our production sites by 47% in the last four years1  notably through improved energy efficiency and sourcing renewable electricity. I am also very proud that we have increased the proportion of women in management positions throughout 2023  well in line with our 2025 target"" said Fabrice Barthélemy  CEO of Tarkett.Early 2023  Tarkett’s climate roadmap was approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and the company joined the Europe’s Climate Leaders Ranking by Financial Times and Statista. CDP  recognized as the gold standard of environmental reporting  granted Tarkett’s climate action with a leadership level A- score. Tarkett is the only flooring and sports surfaces manufacturer to reach such a high level of maturity in 2023. Moreover  the sustainability rating agency EcoVadis gave a Gold Medal to Tarkett and ranked the company among the top 2% performing companies of all 100 000 rated organizations in 175 countries.Lower EmissionsIn 2023  44% of the company’s total energy consumption came from renewable energies  with 13 production sites purchasing 100% electricity coming from renewable energies. At the same time  our scope 3 value chain emissions decreased by 1 4 % v ersus 2019 .Less WasteIn 2023  Tarkett used 154 000 tons of recycled materials as an alternative to virgin materials  which represents 18% of our raw materials used   with the goal of reaching 30% by 2030. This progress helps avoid 188 000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions compared to the use of virgin primary raw materials. This is equivalent to the annual greenhouse gas emissions of 105 000 cars.Tarkett has reached strong progress with ReStart ®   its take-back and recycling program   by transforming end-of-use flooring and recycled materials into new floors. In the last 1 3 years  the company has collected the equivalent of 1 2 Eiffel Towers (11 9  000 tons) of flooring through Re S tart ®   into its eight flooring recycling centers.ReStart ® is now deployed in 2 9 different countries   including in Europe  No rth America  Brazil  India  Malaysia and Australia .Tarkett’s successful collaboration with IKEA continued: 11 post-use flooring take-backs have been made from IKEA stores across Europe. Since the first take - back experience from IKEA Stockholm in 2020  more than 150 tons - corresponding to 50 000 sqm - have been collected from IKEA stores in 13 countries across Europe  avoiding a total of 500 tons of greenhouse gas emissions.Within Tarkett Sports Division  our FieldTurf’s Goal Zero infill take-back program in North America helps diverting job-site waste from landfill and facilitating its reuse and recycling. In 2023  46 projects were completed  recovering old artificial turf and recycling 146 tons of materials. The Goal Zero program was strengthened by opening a new regeneration facility in Pennsylvania (USA).Greater Well-BeingCoping with the most stringent world standards in terms of indoor air quality   99% of our flooring solutions have low volatile organic compounds emission levels   which is ten times lower than the strictest world standards .Supporting teams and local communitiesTarkett has made further progress in terms of supporting its teams and local communities . Committed to d iversity & i nclusion  the share of women in management positions reached 2 9 % in 202 3   very close to achieving our 2025 target of 30%.Since the launch of Tarkett Academy   60 000 professionals and students have been trained as professional installers and in flooring installation techniques in 9 countries .Since the launch of our Tarkett Cares program supporting local communities  our teams were involved in over 9 00 community initiatives  with employees volunteering 3  8 00 days and over 1. 2 million euros of product donations.To find out more & download the CSR key figures  visit our website.Media ContactBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83Tarkett – communication@tarkett.comAbout TarkettWith a history of more than 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating turnover of € 3.4 billion in 2023. The Group has close to 12 000 employees  23 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors ” the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human‐Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT) www.tarkett‐group.com1 This reduction refers to absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions from fuel combustion  purchased electricity and steam consumption at Tarkett’s 34 production sites in 20 countries and from car leasing between 2019 and 2023.Attachment",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.72,0.26,0.02,True,English,"['2023 CSR Report', 'climate ambition', 'Tarkett', 'progress', 'economy', 'support', 'people', 'communities', 'low volatile organic compounds emission levels', 'Goal Zero infill take-back program', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'scope 3 value chain emissions', 'The Goal Zero program', 'annual greenhouse gas emissions', 'virgin primary raw materials', 'eight flooring recycling centers', 'independent third party', 'Fabrice Barthélemy', 'top 2% performing companies', 'Re S tart ®', 'old artificial turf', 'indoor air quality', 'sports surfaces manufacturer', 'sustainability rating agency', 'stringent world standards', 'strictest world standards', 'new regeneration facility', 'CSR key figures', '23 R&D centers', 'Climate Leaders Ranking', '11 post-use flooring take-backs', 'flooring installation techniques', 'significant sustainability performance', 'sports surface solutions', 'Tarkett Cares program', 'last four years', 'total energy consumption', 'sports surfaces company', 'Tarkett Sports Division', 'recycling program', '8 recycling centers', 'Lower Emissions', 'virgin materials', 'The Group', 'sports fields', 'world leader', 'energy efficiency', 'new floors', 'last 1 3 years', 'd iversity', 'flooring solutions', 'climate roadmap', 'climate action', 'sustainable flooring', '2023 Corporate Social', 'Environmental Responsibility', 'CSR) Report', 'past year', 'production sites', 'management positions', 'Financial Times', 'gold standard', 'environmental reporting', 'leadership level', 'A- score', 'high level', 'Gold Medal', '100 000 rated organizations', 'renewable energies', 'same time', 'Less Waste', 'recycled materials', '1 2 Eiffel Towers', 'rth America', 'successful collaboration', 'job-site waste', 'Greater Well-Being', 'local communities', 'i nclusion', 'professional installers', '9 00 community initiatives', '2 million euros', 'product donations', 'Media Contact', 'worldwide leader', 'renewable electricity', 'first take', 'back experience', 'strong progress', 'Supporting teams', 'Tarkett Academy', '2 9 different countries', 'IKEA stores', '140 years', '100% electricity', '175 countries', '13 countries', '9 countries', '100 countries', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'innovative', 'ambition', 'proportion', 'women', 'line', '2025 target', 'CEO', 'SBTi', 'Europe', 'Statista', 'CDP', 'maturity', 'EcoVadis', 'ersus', '154,000 tons', 'alternative', '188,000 tons', '105,000 cars', 'ReStart ®', 'equivalent', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Malaysia', 'Australia', 'Stockholm', '150 tons', '50,000 sqm', '500 tons', 'FieldTurf', 'landfill', 'reuse', '46 projects', '146 tons', 'Pennsylvania', 'USA', 'terms', 'share', 'launch', '60 000 professionals', 'students', 'employees', 'website', 'Brunswick', 'communication', 'history', 'turnover', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'customers', '8 00']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37154,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2842225/0/en/MULTIMEDIA-UPDATE-Seasoned-Investment-Banker-Dan-McClory-Acquires-Majority-Stake-in-Brera-Holdings.html,MULTIMEDIA UPDATE – Seasoned Investment Banker Dan McClory Acquires Majority Stake in Brera Holdings,Brera’s (Nasdaq: BREA) Chairman and renowned investment banker  Dan McClory  acquired a majority stake in Brera Holdings  the first publicly-traded MCO......,"Dan McClory (left) with Aurelio De Laurentiis (right)  owner and president of SSC Napoli  the Italian Serie A football champions  in London last weekDUBLIN  Ireland and MILAN  Italy  March 07  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Brera Holdings PLC (“Brera Holdings”  “Brera” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: BREA) announces today that its Executive Chairman  Daniel J. McClory  an experienced figure in the investment banking world  has acquired a majority stake in Brera Holdings  the first publicly-traded multi-club ownership (“MCO”) company in global football (American soccer).“I believe that this strategic move underscores the robust confidence Mr. McClory places in Brera's potential and heralds in a new era of international focus and expansion beyond the Company’s Italian roots ” stated Pierre Galoppi  Brera’s Chief Executive Officer.Daniel J. McClory is an international investor  investment banker and venture philanthropist  who brings unparalleled expertise  vision  and commitment to Brera  as evidenced by this recent acquisition of 4 550 000 Class A Ordinary Shares  for a total holding of 6 850 000 Class A Ordinary Shares  cementing a 54.5% ownership position and securities entitling him to 83.7% of the total votes of the Company.Mr. McClory has extensive experience founding and financing growth companies and executing equity capital markets and merger & acquisition transactions. Dan's principal and advisory deals have spanned North and South America  Europe  Africa and Asia. His teams have ranked in the Top Ten of league tables for placement agents and won “Deal of the Year” at the M&A Advisor Awards.Dan has completed IPOs and transactions for clients listed on Nasdaq  the NYSE  the London Stock Exchange  Toronto Stock Exchange  the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong  Euronext Growth  and the Irish Stock Exchange. As Founder and CEO of Irvine  California-based Boustead & Company Limited  he has led the firm’s expansion into Singapore  the UK  Switzerland  Mauritius  Monaco and Latin America.Mr. McClory serves on the Boards of the USA Track & Field Foundation  the Eastern Michigan University Champions Advisory Board  the American Foundation of Savoy Orders  and the Alder Foundation  where he listed the first-ever foreign-funded  venture philanthropy-backed IPO on Bovespa's Social Stock Exchange in Brazil. He is a dual U.S and Italian citizen.Mr. Galoppi concluded  “This exciting development coincides with the welcoming of esteemed international business leaders to our Advisory Board  who not only support the Brera mission and understand the inimitable opportunities but are committed to enhancing our strategic capabilities to best position Brera for success. Together  we look forward to a future defined by growth  sustained innovation  and global reach  empowered by the trust and leadership of Mr. McClory and our all-star Advisory Board.”ABOUT BRERA HOLDINGS PLCBrera Holdings PLC (Nasdaq: BREA) is focused on expanding its social impact football (American soccer) business by developing a global portfolio of emerging football and other sports clubs with increased opportunities to earn tournament prizes  gain sponsorships  and provide other professional football- and sports-related consulting services.The Company seeks to build on the legacy and brand of Brera FC  the first football club that was acquired by the Company in 2022. Brera FC  known as ""The Third Team of Milan "" is an amateur football association which has been building an alternative football legacy since its founding in 2000. The Company owns the trademarked FENIX Trophy Tournament  a non-professional pan-European football competition recognized by UEFA  inaugurated in September 2021 and organized by Brera FC. ""FENIX"" is an acronym for ""Friendly European Non-professional Innovative Xenial."" BBC Sport has called the FENIX Trophy ""the Champions League for amateurs "" and Brera FC hosted the 2023 finals at Milan's legendary San Siro Stadium. In October 2022  the Internet Marketing Association at its IMPACT 22 Conference named Brera FC as its award recipient for ""Social Impact Through Soccer "" recognizing the Company's focus at an international level with this distinction.In March 2023  the Company expanded to Africa with the establishment of Brera Tchumene FC  a team then admitted to the Second Division League in Mozambique  a country of nearly 32 million people. Brera Tchumene FC won its post-season tournament and in November 2023 was promoted to Mocambola  the First Division in Mozambique. In April 2023  the Company acquired 90% of the European first division football team Fudbalski Klub Akademija Pandev in North Macedonia  a country with participation rights in two major Union of European Football Association (""UEFA"") competitions.In June 2023  Brera acquired a strategic stake in Manchester United PLC. In July 2023  the Company completed the acquisition of a majority ownership in the Italian Serie A1 women's professional volleyball team UYBA Volley S.s.d.a.r.l. In September 2023  the Company assumed control of Bayanzurkh Sporting Ilch FC  a team in the Mongolian National Premier League  which will become Brera Ilch FC when the football season resumes in March 2024. In January 2024  the Company announced the launch of a proactive search for an Italian Serie B football club target designed to bring multi-club ownership of the highest tiers of professional sports ownership to mass investors through the Company's Nasdaq-listed shares. The Company is focused on bottom-up value creation from undervalued sports clubs and talent  innovation-powered business growth  and socially-impactful outcomes. See www.breraholdings.comCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Such statements include statements regarding the Company's ability to grow its business and other statements that are not historical facts  including statements which may be accompanied by the words ""intends "" ""may "" ""will "" ""plans "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""projects "" ""predicts "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""believes "" ""hopes "" ""potential"" or similar words. Actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors  including without limitation  the Company's ability to continue as a going concern  the popularity and/or competitive success of the Company's acquired football and other sports teams  the Company's ability to attract players and staff for acquired clubs  unsuccessful acquisitions or other strategic transactions  the possibility of a decline in the popularity of football or other sports  the Company's ability to expand its fanbase  sponsors and commercial partners  general economic conditions  and other risk factors detailed in the Company's filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release  and the Company does not undertake any responsibility to update such forward-looking statements except in accordance with applicable law.CONTACT INFORMATION:FOR MEDIA AND INVESTOR RELATIONSPierre Galoppi  Chief Executive OfficerBrera Holdings PLCpierre@breraholdings.comA photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/1fb03d4a-88ca-4568-a9c5-b0d84e0c946a",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.59,0.4,0.02,True,English,"['Seasoned Investment Banker Dan McClory', 'MULTIMEDIA UPDATE', 'Majority Stake', 'Brera Holdings', 'Eastern Michigan University Champions Advisory Board', 'Friendly European Non-professional Innovative Xenial', 'Italian Serie A football champions', '4,550,000 Class A Ordinary Shares', '6,850,000 Class A Ordinary Shares', 'M&A Advisor Awards', 'European first division football team', 'legendary San Siro Stadium', 'Fudbalski Klub Akademija Pandev', 'Italian Serie A1 women', 'UYBA Volley S.s.', 'foreign-funded, venture philanthropy-backed IPO', 'Bayanzurkh Sporting Ilch FC', 'European Football Association', 'star Advisory Board', 'dual U.S', 'amateur football association', 'Aurelio De Laurentiis', 'equity capital markets', 'other sports clubs', 'sports-related consulting services', 'Internet Marketing Association', 'two major Union', 'Manchester United PLC', 'first football club', 'Second Division League', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'professional volleyball team', 'investment banking world', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Daniel J. McClory', 'Social Stock Exchange', 'social impact football', 'alternative football legacy', 'The Third Team', 'extensive experience founding', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Brera Holdings PLC', 'Brera Tchumene FC', 'FENIX Trophy Tournament', 'international business leaders', 'Italian roots', 'advisory deals', 'Italian citizen', 'global football', 'emerging football', 'venture philanthropist', 'Executive Chairman', 'investment banker', 'league tables', 'Brera FC', 'tournament prizes', 'IMPACT 22 Conference', 'post-season tournament', 'Mr. McClory', 'international investor', 'international level', 'SSC Napoli', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'experienced figure', 'majority stake', 'multi-club ownership', 'strategic move', 'robust confidence', 'new era', 'Pierre Galoppi', 'unparalleled expertise', 'total holding', '54.5% ownership position', 'total votes', 'South America', 'Top Ten', 'placement agents', 'Hong Kong', 'California-based Boustead', 'Latin America', 'USA Track', 'Field Foundation', 'American Foundation', 'Savoy Orders', 'Alder Foundation', 'Mr. Galoppi', 'exciting development', 'strategic capabilities', 'sustained innovation', 'global reach', 'global portfolio', 'BBC Sport', 'award recipient', '32 million people', 'participation rights', 'strategic stake', 'majority ownership', 'Brera mission', 'international focus', 'American soccer', 'recent acquisition', 'growth companies', 'Euronext Growth', 'The Company', 'Dan McClory', 'inimitable opportunities', 'North Macedonia', 'UEFA"") competitions', 'acquisition transactions', 'Company Limited', 'president', 'DUBLIN', 'Ireland', 'MILAN', 'Italy', 'Nasdaq', 'BREA', 'MCO', 'potential', 'heralds', 'expansion', 'commitment', 'securities', 'financing', 'merger', 'principal', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'teams', 'Year', 'IPOs', 'clients', 'NYSE', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'Irvine', 'firm', 'Singapore', 'UK', 'Switzerland', 'Mauritius', 'Monaco', 'Boards', 'Bovespa', 'Brazil', 'welcoming', 'success', 'future', 'trust', 'leadership', 'sponsorships', 'brand', 'September', 'acronym', 'amateurs', '2023 finals', 'October', 'distinction', 'March', 'establishment', 'Mozambique', 'country', 'November', 'Mocambola', 'April', 'June', 'July', 'control', 'Mong']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37155,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2842341/0/en/AB-Science-provides-a-summary-of-the-live-webcast-held-on-March-4-2024-giving-an-update-on-AB-Science-development.html,AB Science provides a summary of the live webcast held on March 4  2024 giving an update on AB Science development,PRESS RELEASE  SUMMARY OF THE WEBCAST HELD ON MARCH 4  2024 PROVIDING AN UPDATE ON AB SCIENCE DEVELOPMENT  Paris  March 7  2024  3pm CET  AB Science SA......,"PRESS RELEASESUMMARY OF THE WEBCAST HELD ON MARCH 4  2024 PROVIDING AN UPDATE ON AB SCIENCE DEVELOPMENTParis  March 7  2024  3pm CETAB Science SA (Euronext - FR0010557264 - AB) is providing a summary of the live webcast held on March 4  2024  giving an update on AB Science development.The webcast presentation is available on the company’s website  in the section « Press Releases »: https://www.ab-science.com/news-and-media/press-releases/The presentation covered four topics:Status of conditional approval application of masitinib in ALS with EMA and Health CanadaStatus of the masitinib platform clinical development programStatus of masitinib licensing partnershipStatus of the microtubulin platform clinical development programStatus of masitinib and AB8939 intellectual propertyStatus of conditional approval application of masitinib in ALS with EMA and Health CanadaRegarding EMA  the application was filed in August 2022. An Oral Explanation was planned in January 2024  however  CHMP proposed that AB Science submit a written response to the List of Outstanding Issues at D195 of the procedure  instead of addressing these issues through the Oral Explanation  which is unusual. A decision is now expected by the end of Q2 2024.Regarding Health Canada  a Notice of Deficiency-Withdrawal (NOD/w) has been issued and AB Science intends to submit a Request for Reconsideration. This reconsideration process involves new assessors and offers the possibility to have an opinion from a panel of experts. A decision is now expected by the end of Q3/Q4 2024.Of note  the press release dated 26 February 2024 incorrectly stated that Health Canada issued a Notice of Non Compliance – Withdrawal (NON/w) when the decision issued was in fact a Notice of Deficiency – Withdrawal (NOD-W).The issuance of NOD-W or NON-W indicate different regulatory decisions. A NOD-W is issued if  during the scientific review of the response to a Notice of Deficiency (NOD)  it is found that the submission/application remains deficient. On the other hand  a Notice of Non-Compliance Withdrawal is issued when  during the scientific review of the response to a Notice of Non-Compliance (NON)  it is determined that the submission remains non-compliant.Three key major clinical objections and intended counterarguments for reconsiderations have been presented. They are the following:Amendments Multiple amendments have been made that create uncertainty on the reliability of study data. Several concerns were resolved  namely  changing study status from phase 2 to phase 3  the fact that multiple amendments may be an inevitability  that amendments were not data-driven  that the study had broad inclusion criteria and there may be a need to limit heterogeneity  and that post-onset decline of 1.1 point per month may be relevant. However  Health Canada was concerned that amendments were late and not sufficiently justified. AB Science intends to justify that the distinction between Normal and Fast progressors was made when the data were entirely blinded and in a sufficiently prospective manner since 88% of the data still needed to be acquired at that time  and that the amendment was justified to minimize expected high missing data due to discontinuations from Fast progressors (confirmed to be >50% at week 48).Missing data The concern regarding non-linearity of the ALSFRS-R data set distribution used for primary analysis (ANCOVA test) was resolved. However  Health Canada was concerned that the treatment of missing data using LOCF methodology could potentially create a bias in favor of treatment. AB Science intends to justify that sensitivity analysis of the primary analysis based on non LOCF recognized methods are successful and convergent (multiple imputational model  jump to reference  copy incremental model)  and that the CAFS endpoint  incorrectly assumed by the Agency to be based on LOCF methodology  whereas it is not  approached the conventionally statistically significant outcome of 5% (p=0.0776)  even though the study was not powered for this secondary endpoint.Application of EMA guideline on subgroups Health Canada was concerned that the new proposed claim in patients with ALS prior to any complete loss of function is considered post hoc and that overall survival benefit in this claim could have been biased by confounding factors. AB Science intends to justify that in the EMA guidance (EMA/CHMP/539146/2013) on the investigation of subgroups in confirmatory clinical trials  it is written that the guideline is applicable to a subgroup that has not been pre-specified. In this claim  the treatment effect is exceptionally strong based on CAFS (p=0.029) and survival (+22 months p=0.0192). Furthermore  OS is the gold standard endpoint in ALS and is unbiased regardless of post study treatments because no drug has demonstrated OS benefit (except riluzole  which was available to all patients) and because all patients had the same possibility to benefit from tracheostomy or permanent or non-permanent ventilation.Based on the supporting arguments and counterarguments outlined above  AB Science intends to submit a Request for Reconsideration. Other points of concern identified by the agency will also be responded to.Status of the masitinib platform clinical development programMasitinib offers a late stage and diversified platform of 8 indications  primarily centered around neuro-degenerative diseases (namely  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  progressive form of multiple sclerosis  mild and moderate Alzheimer’s disease) and mast cell diseases (indolent systemic mastocytosis  mast cell activation syndrome)  but also sickle cell disease  metastatic castrate refractory prostate cancer eligible to docetaxel  and COVID-19.In amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)  no drug has generated a consensus based on definitive evidence of efficacy. Enrolment in the phase 3 confirmatory masitinib study (AB19001)  is slower than that of the previous (AB10015) study  due to design features of the phase 3 (run-in period of 3 months  patient eligibility restricted to moderate ALS severity  exclusion of newly registered drugs and a blinded extension period).In multiple sclerosis (MS)  there is no approved drugs for non-active secondary progressive MS and only one for primary progressive MS. Masitinib stands-out as the only non BTK inhibitor in phase 3 clinical development. The confirmatory phase 3 masitinib study (AB20009) is authorized by the FDA and key European countries and initiation is expected in 2024.In Alzheimer’s disease (AD)  masitinib is positioned in mild and moderate forms of Alzheimer’s disease  where no novel treatment has been approved. New treatments have been approved in early Alzheimer. The confirmatory phase 3 masitinib study (AB21004) is authorized by FDA and key European countries with initiation expected in 2024.In indolent systemic mastocytosis (ISM)  masitinib has a different positioning from other KIT-816 inhibitors and its benefits are optimal on different symptoms such as neurological symptoms  depression but also pruritus and flush. The confirmatory phase 3 masitinib study (AB15003) is on-going and additionally  a phase 2 study (AB20006) is also ongoing in MCAS  another mast cell disease not involving the KIT-816 mutation.In sickle cell disease (SCD)  there is an increasing interest with several new drugs being in clinical development; however  unlike masitinib  none target mast cells  which are involved in Vaso Occlusive Crisis. A phase 1/2 study  financed by the RHU program for a budget of 10M€  is planned  with an objective to identify biomarkers of a mast cell signature and to assess the efficacy of masitinib in the treatment of acute and chronic complications. AB Science will be free to continue the development of masitinib in SCD based on phase 2 data with biomarkers.In metastatic castrate refractory prostate cancer (mCRPC) eligible to docetaxel  there is no drug registered in combination with docetaxel and there is an unmet medical need after failure to hormonotherapy and eligible to docetaxel. A first phase 3 study of masitinib in combination with docetaxel was positive. Submission of a confirmatory phase 3 study is planned in 2024  following scientific advice received from EMA and FDA  who both recommended to demonstrate benefit on radiographic progression free survival with no need to prove efficacy on overall survival.In COVID-19  read-out of two phase 2 studies is expected in 2024  the first evaluating masitinib anti-inflammatory activity in hospitalized patients in need of oxygen with moderate and severe COVID-19  and the second one evaluating masitinib anti-viral activity in ambulatory or hospitalized patients with symptomatic mild and moderate COVID-19 and with comorbidities.Status of masitinib licensing partnershipDiscussions for masitinib licensing with a pharmaceutical company are ongoing and the process is expected to be completed by the end of 2024.The scope of the license is mainly neurodegenerative indications  including ALS.The discussions are with companies that do not condition the signature of a binding offer to a positive opinion from EMA and Health Canada in ALS.AB Science is currently aiming to develop a liquid formulation for masitinib in ALS. A liquid formulation would be beneficial for ALS patients because they have difficulties in swallowing. A liquid formulation is beneficial for the masitinib development plan as differential pricing will be facilitated between ALS (liquid formulation) and other indications (tablets). The development of any new formulation will require bioequivalence studies and is expected to take two years.Status of the microtubulin platform clinical development programThe microtubule destabilizer agents (MDAs) platform is focused in haemato-oncology with two drugs  AB8939 and AB12319.AB8939 has the potential to improve acute myeloid leukemia (AML) treatment based on three differentiating features of its mechanism of action.AB8939 is not metabolized by an enzyme called myeloperoxidase  produced by the disease itself  unlike other MDAs.AB8939 avoids multidrug resistance because it does not bind and is not transported by PgP/BRCP  so it is not washed out from the cells  unlike other MDAs.AB8939 has a strong synergistic effect with reference treatment azacitidine  called Vidaza.The phase 1 study of AB8939 has completed its first step (determination of maximum tolerated dose following 3 consecutive days of AB8939 treatment)  and key agencies have authorized this study to proceed with the next step (determination of maximum tolerated dose following 14 consecutive days of AB8939 treatment).The phase 1 is expected to be completed in 2024 and a phase 2 will be initiated in 2025 with an intention to design the study to support accelerated approval.Status of masitinib and AB8939 intellectual propertyMasitinib intellectual property rights are protected until 2036 in mastocytosis  until 2037 in ALS  and potentially until 2041 in MS and ALZ and 2042 in prostate cancer.AB8939 intellectual property rights in AML are secured until 2036 through a ‘composition of matter’ patent and potentially until 2044 in AML with chromosome abnormality (MECOM) through a ‘second medical use’ patent.About AB ScienceFounded in 2001  AB Science is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the research  development and commercialization of protein kinase inhibitors (PKIs)  a class of targeted proteins whose action are key in signaling pathways within cells. Our programs target only diseases with high unmet medical needs  often lethal with short term survival or rare or refractory to previous line of treatment.AB Science has developed a proprietary portfolio of molecules and the Company’s lead compound  masitinib  has already been registered for veterinary medicine and is developed in human medicine in oncology  neurological diseases  inflammatory diseases and viral diseases. The company is headquartered in Paris  France  and listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: AB).Further information is available on AB Science’s website:www.ab-science.com.Forward-looking Statements - AB ScienceThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates as well as the assumptions on which they are based  statements based on projects  objectives  intentions and expectations regarding financial results  events  operations  future services  product development and their potential or future performance.These forward-looking statements can often be identified by the words ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate"" or ""plan"" as well as other similar terms. While AB Science believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of AB Science and which may imply that results and actual events significantly differ from those expressed  induced or anticipated in the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include the uncertainties related to product development of the Company which may not be successful or to the marketing authorizations granted by competent authorities or  more generally  any factors that may affect marketing capacity of the products developed by AB Science  as well as those developed or identified in the public documents published by AB Science. AB Science disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update the forward-looking information and statements  subject to the applicable regulations  in particular articles 223-1 et seq. of the AMF General Regulations.For additional information  please contact:AB ScienceFinancial Communication & Media Relationsinvestors@ab-science.comAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.02,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['AB Science development', 'live webcast', 'summary', 'March', 'update', 'Three key major clinical objections', 'microtubulin platform clinical development program', 'masitinib platform clinical development program', 'ALSFRS-R data set distribution', 'confirmatory clinical trials', 'AB8939 intellectual property', 'different regulatory decisions', 'broad inclusion criteria', 'AB SCIENCE DEVELOPMENT', 'LOCF recognized methods', 'gold standard endpoint', 'masitinib licensing partnership', 'conditional approval application', 'An Oral Explanation', 'multiple imputational model', 'post study treatments', 'overall survival benefit', 'high missing data', 'AB Science SA', 'incremental model', 'LOCF methodology', 'secondary endpoint', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'WEBCAST HELD', 'live webcast', 'four topics', 'Health Canada', 'scientific review', 'other hand', 'intended counterarguments', 'Several concerns', 'post-onset decline', 'Fast progressors', 'prospective manner', 'primary analysis', 'ANCOVA test', 'sensitivity analysis', 'significant outcome', 'complete loss', 'confounding factors', 'OS benefit', 'supporting arguments', 'study data', 'CAFS endpoint', 'Multiple amendments', 'webcast presentation', 'Outstanding Issues', 'reconsideration process', 'new assessors', 'same possibility', 'EMA guidance', 'written response', 'Non Compliance', 'treatment effect', 'study status', 'EMA guideline', 'Non-Compliance Withdrawal', 'releases', 'SUMMARY', 'MARCH', 'UPDATE', 'Paris', '3pm', 'Euronext', 'company', 'website', 'section', 'news', 'media', 'August', 'January', 'CHMP', 'List', 'D195', 'procedure', 'Q2', 'Notice', 'Deficiency-Withdrawal', 'NOD', 'Request', 'opinion', 'panel', 'experts', 'Q3/Q4', 'note', 'issuance', 'NON-W', 'submission/application', 'reconsiderations', 'uncertainty', 'reliability', 'phase', 'inevitability', 'need', 'heterogeneity', '1.1 point', 'month', 'distinction', 'Normal', 'time', 'discontinuations', 'week', 'linearity', 'bias', 'favor', 'reference', 'Agency', 'subgroups', 'claim', 'patients', 'function', 'investigation', 'drug', 'riluzole', 'tracheostomy', 'permanent']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37156,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2841928/0/en/JCDecaux-Full-Year-2023-results.html,JCDecaux : Full-Year 2023 results,Full-Year 2023 results  Adjusted revenue up +7.6% to €3 570.0 millionAdjusted organic revenue up +8.7% Adjusted operating margin of €663.1 million  up......,Full-Year 2023 resultsAdjusted revenue up +7.6% to €3 570.0 millionAdjusted organic revenue up +8.7%Adjusted operating margin of €663.1 million  up +10.0%  +€60.2 million yoyAdjusted EBIT  before impairment  of € 266.2 million  up +25.5%  + € 54.2 million yoyNet income Group share of €209.2 million  up +58 3%  +€77.0 million yoyOperating cash flows of €478.5 million  up +19.8%  +€79.1 million yoyAdjusted free cash flow of -€1.0 million impacted by c. €100 million one-off past rental paymentsBest-in-class ESG ratingsProposal to AGM not to pay any dividend in 2024 to maintain financial flexibilityFirst quarter 2024 adjusted organic revenue growth expected to be around +9%Paris  March 7th  2024 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today its results for the year ended December 31st  2023. The accounts are audited and certified.Commenting on the Group’s 2023 results  Jean-François Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-CEO of JCDecaux  said:“Our 2023 Group revenue grew by +7.6%  +8.7% on an organic basis  to reach €3 570.0 million driven by digital  the continued growth of street furniture and the ongoing recovery of our transport activities. Our Digital Out Of Home (DOOH) revenue grew by +20.8% in full-year 2023  +22.7% on an organic basis  to reach a record 35.3% of Group revenue in 2023 with a strong programmatic revenue growth while analogue advertising revenue also grew in 2023 despite the conversion of some premium analogue sites to digital.Our adjusted operating margin improved by €60.2 million to reach €663.1 million  representing a year-on-year increase of +10.0%. This positive operating leverage despite inflationary pressures on costs was driven by our street furniture division  benefiting from both a full revenue recovery and some contract renegotiations  while our transport business was still affected by a slower pace of recovery  notably in China  and our billboard segment was impacted by French regulations  while digital continued to enhance operating leverage within this segment. Our other P&L performance indicators improved accordingly including our net result Group share which increased by €77.0 million  i.e. +58.3% year-on-year  to reach €209.2 million. We delivered strong operating cash flows of €478.5 million increasing by €79.1 million  +19.8% compared to 2022. Our free cash flow was nearly breakeven at -€1.0 million  primarily impacted by one-off past rental payments for about €100 million released following the conclusion of contract renegotiations  implying a positive underlying free cash flow generation. Our net debt was broadly stable at €1 005.9 million at the end of 2023  leading to a decreasing financial leverage now at 1.5x.We have confirmed once again the excellence of our sustainable practices  recognised as best-in-class by extra-financial rating agencies including A List by the CDP  and we have launched in June our Climate Strategy “committed SBTi”  including targets to continue to reduce our carbon footprint across our entire value chain. This strategy is based on three principles: Measure  Reduce  Contribute. It aims for Net Zero Carbon by 2050 (scopes 1  2  and 3) and complements our ambitious 2030 ESG Strategy.As far as Q1 2024 is concerned  we now expect an organic revenue growth rate at around +9% driven by strong digital revenues with a double-digit organic revenue growth rate in our transport business and a high single-digit organic revenue growth rate in street furniture.We are confident that Out of Home (OOH) will continue to grow its market share in a fragmented media landscape with Digital Out of Home (DOOH) being the fastest growing media segment. JCDecaux as the industry leader and the most digitised global OOH Media company is well positioned to benefit from this digital transformation.”Following the adoptions of IFRS 11 from January 1st  2014 and IFRS 16 from January 1st  2019  and in compliance with the AMF’s instructions  the operating data presented below are adjusted:to include our prorata share in companies under joint control  regarding IFRS 11 to exclude the impact of IFRS 16 on our core business lease agreements (lease agreements of locations for advertising structures excluding real estate and vehicle rental contracts).The values shown in the tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. The sum of the rounded amounts or variations calculations may differ  albeit to an insignificant extent  from the reported values. Please refer to the paragraph “Adjusted data” on page 4 of this release for the definition of adjusted data and reconciliation with IFRS.ADJUSTED REVENUEAs reported on January 26th  2024  adjusted revenue increased by +7.6%  +8.7% on an organic basis  to €3 570.0 million compared to €3 316.5 million in 2022.By activity  Street Furniture delivered a solid organic revenue growth driven by digital and a continued high demand from advertisers. Transport's organic revenue growth was strong  aligning with the global airport passenger traffic recovery  which is now at pre-COVID level  except for international traffic in China. Billboard was driven by its most digitised markets.Full-year adjusted revenue 2023 (€m) 2022 (€m) Reported growth Organic growth(a) Street Furniture 1 839.0 1 747.0 +5.3% +5.1% Transport 1 232.6 1 075.2 +14.6% +18.4% Billboard 498.4 494.3 +0.8% +0.7% Total 3 570.0 3 316.5 +7.6% +8.7%(a) Excluding acquisitions/divestitures and the impact of foreign exchangeAll geographies grew positively organically in 2023 including Asia-Pacific  UK and Rest of the World growing double-digit.Full-Year adjusted revenue 2023 (€m) 2022 (€m) Reported growth Organic growth(a) Europe (b) 1 056.9 988.3 +6.9% +5.6% Asia-Pacific 768.1 721.5 +6.5% +13.0% France 634.2 598.0 +6.1% +3.8% Rest of the World 469.6 416.8 +12.7% +14.1% United Kingdom 355.7 322.5 +10.3% +12.5% North America 285.4 269.3 +6.0% +6.7% Total 3 570.0 3 316.5 +7.6% +8.7%(a) Excluding acquisitions/divestitures and the impact of foreign exchange(b) Excluding France and the United KingdomFor further details  please refer to the press release dated January 25th  2024.ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGIN (1)For 2023  adjusted operating margin has improved by €60.2 million to reach €663.1 million (vs €602.9 million in 2022)  a +10.0% increase year-on-year reflecting a positive operating leverage driven by our street furniture division benefiting from both a full revenue recovery and some contract renegotiations. The adjusted operating margin as a percentage of revenue was 18.6% in 2023  +40bp above prior year.The adjusted operating margin as a percentage of revenue by business segment:2023 2022 Change 23/22 €m % of revenue €m % of revenue Change (€m) Margin rate (bp) Street Furniture 474.2 25.8% 417.7 23.9% +56.5 +190bp Transport 129.7 10.5% 118.3 11.0% +11.4 -50bp Billboard 59.3 11.9% 67.0 13.5% -7.7 -160bp Total 663.1 18.6% 602.9 18.2% +60.2 +40bpStreet Furniture: In 2023  adjusted operating margin increased by €56.5 million to €474.2 million. As a percentage of revenue  the adjusted operating margin was 25.8%  +190bp above prior year. This reflects a strong operating leverage on this business segment with revenue growing at higher pace than the cost base due to a tight control over our cost base and the benefit from our contract renegotiations.Transport: In 2023  adjusted operating margin increased by €11.4 million to €129.7 million. As a percentage of revenue  the adjusted operating margin was 10.5%  -50bp below prior year. This is mainly due to a decline year-on-year in operating margin in China as the advertising rebound was soft.Billboard: In 2023  adjusted operating margin decreased by €7.7 million to €59.3 million mainly due to France with the reglementary reduction and rationalisation of the number of sites. As a result  as a percentage of revenue  the adjusted operating margin was 11.9%  -160bp below prior year.ADJUSTED EBIT (2)In 2023  adjusted EBIT before impairment charges stood at €266.2 million and improved by €54.2 million due to the increase of €60.2 million in the operating margin and the rise of €6.0 million in net charges positioned between the operating margin and the EBIT. As a percentage of revenue  this represented a 110bp increase to 7.5%  from 6.4%.One-off items in 2023 corresponded to a net income of €33.4 million  notably including reversals of provisions totaling €33.3 million related to contract renegotiations. In 2022  the one-off items mainly included the net accounting gain on our share of Interstate for €42.1 million and the positive impact of asset sales. Excluding this positive impact from the contract renegotiations in 2023 and the net accounting revaluation of our stake in Interstate in 2022  adjusted EBIT before impairment charge for 2023 reached 6.6% as a percentage of revenue  a +150bp increase year-on-year.The net impairment charge on tangible and intangible assets  rights-of-use assets and joint-ventures generated an income of €16.0 million in 2023 mainly due to the reversal of a provision recorded in 2022 for €17.0 million in China related to the end of the Guangzhou metro contract. Compared to last year  where the net impact was a charge of -€19.1 million  this represents an improvement of €35.1 million.Adjusted EBIT  after impairment charge  has improved by €89.2 million from €193.0 million in 2022 to €282.2 million in 2023.NET FINANCIAL INCOME / (LOSS) (3)The net financial result represented a charge of €147.3 million in 2023 compared to €139.2 million in 2022  an increase of €8.1 million. This is primarily due to the increase for €14.0 million in discount charges on provisions and assets  resulting from an increase in discount rates compared to 2022  partially offset by a decrease in the cost of the net financial debt.This net financial result is predominantly composed of a net discount charge related to IFRS 16 lease liabilities  which remained stable at €83.8 million compared to €84.1 million in 2022.The cost of the net financial debt amounted to €33.2 million compared to €43.4 million in 2022  a favorable variation due to higher interest received on cash deposits benefitting from rising interest rates  while our financial debt is mostly at fixed rate.EQUITY AFFILIATESIn 2023  the share of net profit from equity affiliates was €52.0 million compared to €8.6 million in 2022  an increase of €43.4 million year-on-year mainly coming from the improvement in the results of our affiliates under joint control and  in 2022  the negative impact from an impairment charge on our financial investment in Clear Media for €28 million.NET INCOME GROUP SHAREIn 2023  net income Group share before impairment charge increased by +€25.9 million to €205.7 million compared to €179.8 million in 2022.Income tax represented a charge of €32.6 million in 2023 compared to an income of €22.3 million in 2022  resulting in a variation of -€54.9 million mainly due to the improvement of the results before tax. The average tax rate stood at 13.6% in 2023  lower than usual  mainly due to the reversal in 2023 of provisions on deferred tax assets related to the recovery of activity.Taking into account the net impact from the impairment charge  net income Group share increased by €77.0 million to €209.2 million compared to €132.1 million in 2022.ADJUSTED CAPITAL EXPENDITUREIn 2023  adjusted net capex (acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets  net of disposals of assets) at €355.1 million remained below 2019 capex by 5.4%. This amount  which is almost stable compared to 2022 (+€5.3 million  +1.5%)  includes the third tranche for €27.4 million regarding the upfront payment related to the advertising rights of the renewal and extension of our long-term partnership with Shanghai Metro and non-core asset sales for a total amount of €35.6 million.ADJUSTED FREE CASH FLOW (4)In 2023  operating cash flows reached +€478.5 million improving by +€79.1 million compared to 2022  +19.8% year-on-year  mainly driven by the improving operating margin and a decrease in net interests paid  due to the rise in interests received on our liquidity  while our debt is mainly at fixed rates.Changes in our working capital requirements had an unfavourable impact of €124.3 million due to the release of past rental payments for c.€100 million over the period following some contract renegotiations and  to a lesser extent  an increase in receivables  and in inventory in line with the recovery of our activity.After capital expenditure  the adjusted free cash flow amounted to -€1.0 million  a decrease of €44.2 million vs 2022 attributable to the change in our working capital requirements  partly offset by the increase in our operating cash flows.DIVIDENDTo maintain our financial flexibility for future organic and external bolt-on investment opportunities  we will propose at the Annual General Meeting which will take place on May 7th  2024  not to pay any dividend in 2024.NET DEBT (5)Net debt was globally stable at €1 005.9 million as of December 31st  2023 vs €975.0 million as of December 31st  2022 reflecting a solid financial situation with a leverage ratio decreasing to 1.5x at the end of 2023  well distributed debt maturities and a strong liquidity including €1 684.7 million in cash and an undrawn credit facility of €825 million.RIGHT-OF-USE & LEASE LIABILITIES IFRS 16Right-of-use IFRS 16 as of December 31st  2023 amounted to €2 230.1 million compared to €2 725.3 million as of December 31st  2022  a decrease related to the amortisation of rights-of-use  contracts renegotiations and a negative foreign exchange rate impact  partially offset by new contracts  contracts extended and contracts renewed.IFRS 16 lease liabilities decreased from €3 412 1 million as of December 31st  2022 to €2 657 0 million as of December 31st  2023. The decrease  mainly related to repayments occurred in 2023 as well as renegotiations and end of contracts and a negative foreign exchange rate impact  is partially offset by new contracts  extensions and renewals.ADJUSTED DATAUnder IFRS 11  applicable from January 1st  2014  companies under joint control are accounted for using the equity method.Under IFRS 16  applicable from January 1st  2019  a lease liability for contractual fixed rental payments is recognised on the balance sheet  against a right-of-use asset to be depreciated over the lease term. As regards P&L  the fixed rent expense is replaced by the depreciation of the right-of-use in EBIT  below the operating margin  and a lease interest expense on the lease liability in financial result  below EBIT. IFRS 16 has no impact on cash payments but payment of debt (principal) is booked in funds from financing activities.However  in order to reflect the business reality of the Group and the readability of our performance  our operating management reports used to monitor the activity  allocate resources and measure performance continue:To integrate on proportional basis operating data of the companies under joint control and;To exclude the IFRS 16 impact on our core business (lease agreements of locations for advertising structures excluding real estate and vehicle rental contracts).As regards the P&L  it concerns all aggregates down to the EBIT. As regards the cash flow statement  it concerns all aggregates down to the free cash flow.Consequently  pursuant to IFRS 8  Segment Reporting presented in the financial statements complies with the Group’s internal information  and the Group’s external financial communication therefore relies on this operating financial information. Financial information and comments are therefore based on “adjusted” data  consistent with historical data  which is reconciled with IFRS financial statements.In 2023  the impacts of IFRS 11 and IFRS 16 on our adjusted aggregates are:-€274.1 million for IFRS 11 on adjusted revenue (-€242.5 million for IFRS 11 in 2022) leaving IFRS revenue at €3 295.9 million (€3 074.0 million in 2022).-€68.0 million for IFRS 11 and €665.1 million for IFRS 16 on adjusted operating margin(-€60.6 million for IFRS 11 and €780.2 million for IFRS 16 in 2022) leaving IFRS operating margin at €1 260.3 million (€1 322.5 million in 2022).(-€60.6 million for IFRS 11 and €780.2 million for IFRS 16 in 2022) leaving IFRS operating margin at €1 260.3 million (€1 322.5 million in 2022). -€56.6 million for IFRS 11 and €145.2 million for IFRS 16 on adjusted EBIT before impairment charge (-€45.0 million for IFRS 11 and €114.1 million for IFRS 16 in 2022) leaving IFRS EBIT before impairment charge at €354.8 million (€281.1 million in 2022).-€56.6 million for IFRS 11 and €144.5 million for IFRS 16 on adjusted EBIT after impairment charge (-€43.6 million for IFRS 11 and €114.1 million for IFRS 16 in 2022) leaving IFRS EBIT after impairment charge at €370.1 million (€263.4 million in 2022).€17.9 million for IFRS 11 on adjusted capital expenditure (€8.1 million for IFRS 11 in 2022) leaving IFRS capital expenditure at -€337.2 million (-€341.8 million in 2022).€2.4 million for IFRS 11 and €762.5 million for IFRS 16 on adjusted free cash flow (€12.1 million for IFRS 11 and €702.5 million for IFRS 16 in 2022) leaving IFRS free cash flow at €764.1 million (€757.8 million in 2022).The full reconciliation between adjusted figures and IFRS figures is provided on page 8 of this release.NOTES(1) Operating Margin: Revenue less Direct Operating Expenses (excluding Maintenance spare parts) less SG&A expenses.(2) EBIT: Earnings Before Interests and Taxes = Operating Margin less Depreciation  amortization and provisions (net) less Impairment of goodwill less Maintenance spare parts less Other operating income and expenses.(3) Net financial income / (loss): Excluding the net impact of discounting and revaluation of debt on commitments to purchase minority interests (-€2.7 million and €3.6 million in FY 2023 and FY 2022 respectively).(4) Free cash flow: Net cash flow from operating activities less capital investments (property  plant and equipment and intangible assets) net of disposals.(5) Net debt: Debt net of managed cash less bank overdrafts  excluding the non-cash IAS 32 impact (debt on commitments to purchase minority interests)  including the non-cash IFRS 9 impact on both debt and hedging financial derivatives and excluding IFRS 16 lease liabilities.ORGANIC GROWTH DEFINITIONThe Group’s organic growth corresponds to the adjusted revenue growth excluding foreign exchange impact and perimeter effect. The reference fiscal year remains unchanged regarding the reported figures  and the organic growth is calculated by converting the revenue of the current fiscal year at the average exchange rates of the previous year and taking into account the perimeter variations prorata temporis  but including revenue variations from the gains of new contracts and the losses of contracts previously held in our portfolio.€m Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY 2022 adjusted revenue (a) 683.0 791.8 808.4 1 033.3 3 316.5 2023 IFRS revenue (b) 671.8 795.2 789.0 1 039.9 3 295.9 IFRS 11 impacts (c) 49.5 68.6 66.0 90.0 274.1 2023 adjusted revenue (d) = (b) + (c) 721.3 863.7 855.0 1 130.0 3 570.0 Currency impacts (e) 1.2 19.1 33.4 22.6 76.3 2023 adjusted revenue at 2022 exchange rates (f) = (d) + (e) 722.5 882 8 888.4 1 152.6 3 646.3 Change in scope (g) -5.7 -9.3 -12.2 -13.1 -40.3 2023 adjusted organic revenue (h) = (f) + (g) 716.8 873.6 876.2 1 139.5 3 606.0 Organic growth (i) = (h)/(a)-1 +5.0% +10.3% +8.4% +10.3% +8.7%€m Impact of currencyas of December 31st  2023 CNY 18.5 AUD 16.9 USD 7.9 GBP 7.3 Others 25.8 Total 76.3Average exchange rate FY 2023 FY 2022 CNY 0.1305 0.1413 AUD 0.6140 0.6593 USD 0.9246 0.9496 GBP 1.1497 1.1727Next information:Q1 2024 revenue: May 2nd  2024 (after market)Key Figures for JCDecaux2023 revenue: €3 570.0m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 056 833 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 918 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 650 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.4/5)  CDP (A)  MSCI (AA)  Sustainalytics (13.7)  and has achieved Gold Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (630 196 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 258 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (319 081 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (85 743 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (708 620 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (165 292 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (91 682 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (25 337 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (21 300 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Forward looking statementsThis news release may contain some forward-looking statements. These statements are not undertakings as to the future performance of the Company. Although the Company considers that such statements are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions on the date of publication of this release  they are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual performance to differ from those indicated or implied in such statements.These risks and uncertainties include without limitation the risk factors that are described in the universal registration document registered in France with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Investors and holders of shares of the Company may obtain copy of such universal registration document by contacting the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on its website www.amf-france.org or directly on the Company website www.jcdecaux.com.The Company does not have the obligation and undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comRECONCILIATION BETWEEN ADJUSTED FIGURES AND IFRS FIGURESProfit & Loss 2023 2022 €m Adjusted Impact of companies under joint control Impact of IFRS 16 from controlled entities (1) IFRS Adjusted Impact of companies under joint control Impact of IFRS 16 from controlled entities (1) IFRS Revenue 3 570.0 (274.1) 0.0 3 295.9 3 316.5 (242.5) 0.0 3 074.0 Net operating costs (2 906.9) 206.1 665.1 (2 035.7) (2 713.6) 181.9 780.2 (1 751.5) Operating margin 663.1 (68.0) 665.1 1 260.3 602.9 (60.6) 780.2 1 322.5 Maintenance spare parts (48.1) 1.4 0.0 (46.8) (47.0) 1.1 0.0 (46.0) Amortisation and provisions (net) (327.5) 16.7 (592.2) (903.1) (377.9) 14.4 (691.6) (1 055.1) Other operating income / expenses (21.3) (6.7) 72.3 44.3 34.0 0.2 25.5 59.6 EBIT before impairment charge 266.2 (56.6) 145.2 354.8 212.0 (45.0) 114.1 281.1 Net impairment charge (2) 16.0 0.0 (0.7) 15.3 (19.1) 1.4 0.0 (17.7) EBIT after impairment charge 282.2 (56.6) 144.5 370.1 193.0 (43.6) 114.1 263.4 (1) IFRS 16 impact on the core business contracts of controlled entities.(2) Including impairment charge on net assets of companies under joint control.Cash Flow Statement 2023 2022 €m Adjusted Impact of companies under joint control Impact of IFRS 16 from controlled entities (1) IFRS Adjusted Impact of companies under joint control Impact of IFRS 16 from controlled entities (1) IFRS Operating Cash Flows 478.5 (15.8) 600.0 1 062.8 399.4 (10.6) 703.7 1 092.6 Change in working capital requirement (124.3) 0.4 162.5 38.5 (6.4) 14.6 (1.2) 7.0 Net cash flow from operating activities 354.2 (15.3) 762.5 1 101.3 393.0 4.0 702.5 1 099.6 Capital expenditure (355.1) 17.9 0.0 (337.2) (349.9) 8.1 0.0 (341.8) Free cash flow (1.0) 2.4 762.5 764.1 43.2 12.1 702.5 757.8 (1) IFRS 16 impact on the core and non-core business contracts of controlled entities.Full-year consolidated financial statements – 2023CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSSTATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITIONAssetsIn million euros 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Goodwill 1 666.0 1 748.7 Other intangible assets 699.7 624.0 Property  plant and equipment 1 240.2 1 279.0 Right-of-use 2 230.1 2 725.3 Investments under the equity method 421.6 411.9 Other financial assets 83.7 114.5 Financial derivatives - - Deferred tax assets 167.5 209.9 Current tax assets 2.4 2.7 Other receivables 17.9 9.4 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 6 529.0 7 125.4 Other financial assets 4.1 4.8 Inventories 187.6 161.7 Financial derivatives 6.8 2.5 Trade and other receivables 824.1 775.9 Current tax assets 16.2 22.4 Treasury financial assets 91.4 46.8 Cash and cash equivalents 1 597.2 1 919.5 CURRENT ASSETS 2 727.4 2 933.5 TOTAL ASSETS 9 256.4 10 058.9Equity and liabilitiesIn million euros 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Share capital 3.2 3.2 Additional paid-in capital 612.4 608.5 Treasury shares (0.6) (2.0) Consolidated reserves 1 304.2 1 152.8 Consolidated net income (Group share) 209.2 132.1 Other components of equity (177.3) (131.3) EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT COMPANY 1 951.0 1 763.3 Non-controlling interests 95.9 36.2 TOTAL EQUITY 2 046.9 1 799.5 Provisions 356.6 452.0 Deferred tax liabilities 36.3 79.9 Financial debt 1 922.1 1 916.4 Debt on commitments to purchase non-controlling interests 105.6 102.9 Lease liabilities 1 959.5 2 454.7 Other payables 9.7 10.2 Income tax payable 0.3 0.6 Financial derivatives 0.0 0.0 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 4 390.2 5 016.8 Provisions 81.0 83.8 Financial debt 770.9 993.3 Debt on commitments to purchase non-controlling interests 4.6 4.6 Financial derivatives 4.3 4.2 Lease liabilities 697.5 957.3 Trade and other payables 1 230.6 1 145.9 Income tax payable 26.6 23.7 Bank overdrafts 3.9 29.8 CURRENT LIABILITIES 2 819.4 3 242.6 TOTAL LIABILITIES 7 209.5 8 259.4 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 9 256.4 10 058.9STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEIncome statementIn million euros 2023 2022 REVENUE 3 295.9 3 074.0 Direct operating expenses (1 420.2) (1 198.2) Selling  general and administrative expenses (615.5) (553.3) OPERATING MARGIN 1 260.3 1 322.5 Depreciation  amortisation and provisions (net) (870.3) (1 072.8) Impairment of goodwill (17.5) 0.0 Maintenance spare parts (46.8) (46.0) Other operating income 81.7 80.9 Other operating expenses (37.4) (21.3) EBIT 370.1 263.4 INTERESTS ON IFRS 16 LEASE LIABILITIES (83.8) (84.1) Financial income 62.5 13.4 Financial expenses (128.6) (64.8) NET FINANCIAL INCOME EXCLUDING IFRS 16 (66.1) (51.4) NET FINANCIAL INCOME (LOSS) (150.0) (135.6) Income tax (32.6) 22.3 Share of net profit of companies under the equity method 52.0 8.6 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME 239.5 158.7 - Including non-controlling interests 30.3 26.6 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME (GROUP SHARE) 209.2 132.1 Earnings per share (in euros) 0.982 0.621 Diluted earnings per share (in euros) 0.978 0.621 Weighted average number of shares 213 008 301 212 733 422 Weighted average number of shares (diluted) 213 912 412 212 733 422Statement of other comprehensive incomeIn million euros 2023 2022 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME 239.5 158.7 Translation reserve adjustments (1) (31.4) 5.8 Cash flow hedges (0.6) (1.5) Tax on the other comprehensive income subsequently released to net income 0.9 1.2 Share of other comprehensive income of companies under equity method (after tax) (2) (3.9) (11.0) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME SUBSEQUENTLY RELEASED TO NET INCOME (35.0) (5.6) Change in actuarial gains and losses on post-employment benefit plans and assets ceiling (1.6) 25.5 Tax on the other comprehensive income not subsequently released to net income 0.3 (4.3) Share of other comprehensive income of companies under equity method (after tax) (1.6) 0.3 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME NOT SUBSEQUENTLY RELEASED TO NET INCOME (2.9) 21.5 TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (38.0) 15.9 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 201.5 174.6 - Including non-controlling interests 38.4 29.7 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME - GROUP SHARE 163.1 145.0 (1) In 2023  translation reserve adjustments mainly related to changes in foreign exchange rates  of which €(13.8) million in Hong Kong  €(11.7) million in Australia  €(7.2) million in South Africa  €(6.5) million in France and €8.8 million in Mexico. The item also includes a €(0.1) million reclassification to net income related to changes in consolidation scope.In 2022  translation reserve adjustments mainly related to changes in foreign exchange rates  of which €19.1 million in Hong Kong  €7.9 million in Mexico  €(11.0) million in the United States and €(6.6) million in the United Kingdom.(2) This includes reclassification to net income of translation reserves from companies accounted for under the equity method following changes in consolidation scope of €(0.3] million in 2023 and €3.1 million in 2022.STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWSIn million euros 2023 2022 NET INCOME BEFORE TAX 272.1 136.5 Share of net profit of companies under the equity method (52.0) (8.6) Dividends received from companies under the equity method 56.5 51.4 Expenses related to share-based payments 12.8 6.1 Gains and losses on lease contracts (95.7) (48.9) Depreciation  amortisation and provisions (net) 889.4 1 074.3 Capital gains and losses and net income (loss) on changes in scope (0.9) (67.2) Net discounting expenses 18.2 (2.0) Net interest expense & interest expenses on IFRS16 lease liabilities 115.2 126.3 Financial derivatives  translation adjustments  amortised cost and other 1.5 (0.4) Interest paid on IFRS16 lease liabilities (98.8) (93.8) Interest paid (67.0) (45.9) Interest received 57.8 9.7 Income tax paid (46.4) (44.9) Operating Cash Flows 1 062.8 1 092.6 Change in working capital 38.5 7.0 Change in inventories (22.0) (15.6) Change in trade and other receivables (57.1) (15.7) Change in trade and other payables 117.6 38.2 NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 1 101.3 1 099.6 Cash payments on acquisitions of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment (372.8) (351.2) Cash payments on acquisitions of financial assets (long-term investments) net of cash acquired (14.6) (89.4) Cash payments on acquisitions of other financial assets (3.4) (4.0) TOTAL INVESTMENTS (390.8) (444.6) Cash receipts on proceeds on disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment 35.6 9.4 Cash receipts on proceeds on disposals of financial assets (long-term investments) net of cash sold 0.1 0.3 Cash receipts on proceeds on disposals of other financial assets 16.8 18.0 TOTAL ASSET DISPOSALS 52.5 27.7 NET CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES (338.3) (416.9) Dividends paid (12.8) (17.8) Purchase of treasury shares (36.0) (43.1) Cash payments on acquisitions of non-controlling interests (0.0) (6.3) Capital decrease 0.0 (0.1) Repayment of long-term borrowings (973.8) (1 179.2) Repayment of lease liabilities (762.5) (702.5) Acquisitions and disposals of treasury financial assets (44.4) - CASH OUTFLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (1 829.5) (1 949.0) Cash receipts on proceeds on disposal of interests without loss of control - - Capital increase 3.9 0.5 Sale of treasury shares 37.5 43.7 Increase in long-term borrowings 737.2 1 623.9 CASH INFLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 778.6 1 668.2 NET CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (1 050.8) (280.8) CHANGE IN NET CASH POSITION (287.8) 401.8 NET CASH POSITION BEGINNING OF PERIOD 1 889.7 1 487.4 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations and other movements (8.5) 0.5 NET CASH POSITION END OF PERIOD (1) 1 593.3 1 889.7Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.57,0.25,0.17,True,English,"['Full-Year 2023 results', 'JCDecaux', 'positive underlying free cash flow generation', 'other P&L performance indicators', 'double-digit organic revenue growth rate', 'single-digit organic revenue growth rate', 'global airport passenger traffic', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'strong programmatic revenue growth', 'global OOH Media company', 'fastest growing media segment', 'solid organic revenue growth', 'strong operating cash flows', 'Net income Group share', 'net result Group share', 'core business lease agreements', 'fragmented media landscape', 'positive operating leverage', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'premium analogue sites', 'extra-financial rating agencies', 'entire value chain', 'analogue advertising revenue', 'Net Zero Carbon', 'vehicle rental contracts', 'strong digital revenues', 'full revenue recovery', 'decreasing financial leverage', 'street furniture division', 'ambitious 2030 ESG Strategy', 'yoy Adjusted EBIT', 'continued growth', '2023 Group revenue', 'net debt', 'organic basis', 'market share', 'prorata share', 'advertising structures', 'ADJUSTED REVENUE', 'ESG ratings', 'financial flexibility', 'carbon footprint', 'operating margin', 'transport business', 'DOOH) revenue', 'rental payments', 'billboard segment', 'operating data', 'First quarter 2024', 'Executive Board', 'ongoing recovery', 'inflationary pressures', 'contract renegotiations', 'slower pace', 'French regulations', 'one-off past', 'sustainable practices', 'A List', 'Climate Strategy', 'three principles', 'industry leader', 'January 1st', 'joint control', 'real estate', 'rounded amounts', 'variations calculations', 'insignificant extent', 'January 26th', 'transport activities', 'Adjusted data', 'Digital Out', 'digital transformation', 'Euronext Paris', 'high demand', 'JCDecaux SE', 'year increase', 'Full-Year 2023 results', 'impairment', 'class', 'Proposal', 'dividend', 'number', 'accounts', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Home', 'conversion', 'costs', 'China', 'conclusion', '1.5x', 'excellence', 'CDP', 'June', 'SBTi', 'targets', 'Measure', 'scopes', 'Q1', 'digitised', 'adoptions', 'IFRS', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'instructions', 'companies', 'impact', 'locations', 'values', 'tables', 'millions', 'euros', 'sum', 'paragraph', 'page', 'release', 'definition', 'reconciliation', 'activity', 'advertisers']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37157,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-Full-Year-2023-results-46108731/,JCDecaux : Full-Year 2023 results -March 07  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Full-Year 2023 results Adjusted revenue up +7.6% to €3 570.0 millionAdjusted organic revenue up +8.7% Adjusted operating margin of €663.1 million  up +10.0%  +€60.2 million yoy Adjusted EBIT  before impairment  of €266.2 million  up +25.5…,Full-Year 2023 resultsAdjusted revenue up +7.6% to €3 570.0 millionAdjusted organic revenue up +8.7%Adjusted operating margin of €663.1 million  up +10.0%  +€60.2 million yoyAdjusted EBIT  before impairment  of € 266.2 million  up +25.5%  + € 54.2 million yoyNet income Group share of €209.2 million  up +58 3%  +€77.0 million yoyOperating cash flows of €478.5 million  up +19.8%  +€79.1 million yoyAdjusted free cash flow of -€1.0 million impacted by c. €100 million one-off past rental paymentsBest-in-class ESG ratingsProposal to AGM not to pay any dividend in 2024 to maintain financial flexibilityFirst quarter 2024 adjusted organic revenue growth expected to be around +9%Paris  March 7th  2024 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today its results for the year ended December 31st  2023. The accounts are audited and certified.Commenting on the Group’s 2023 results  Jean-François Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-CEO of JCDecaux  said:“Our 2023 Group revenue grew by +7.6%  +8.7% on an organic basis  to reach €3 570.0 million driven by digital  the continued growth of street furniture and the ongoing recovery of our transport activities. Our Digital Out Of Home (DOOH) revenue grew by +20.8% in full-year 2023  +22.7% on an organic basis  to reach a record 35.3% of Group revenue in 2023 with a strong programmatic revenue growth while analogue advertising revenue also grew in 2023 despite the conversion of some premium analogue sites to digital.Our adjusted operating margin improved by €60.2 million to reach €663.1 million  representing a year-on-year increase of +10.0%. This positive operating leverage despite inflationary pressures on costs was driven by our street furniture division  benefiting from both a full revenue recovery and some contract renegotiations  while our transport business was still affected by a slower pace of recovery  notably in China  and our billboard segment was impacted by French regulations  while digital continued to enhance operating leverage within this segment. Our other P&L performance indicators improved accordingly including our net result Group share which increased by €77.0 million  i.e. +58.3% year-on-year  to reach €209.2 million. We delivered strong operating cash flows of €478.5 million increasing by €79.1 million  +19.8% compared to 2022. Our free cash flow was nearly breakeven at -€1.0 million  primarily impacted by one-off past rental payments for about €100 million released following the conclusion of contract renegotiations  implying a positive underlying free cash flow generation. Our net debt was broadly stable at €1 005.9 million at the end of 2023  leading to a decreasing financial leverage now at 1.5x.We have confirmed once again the excellence of our sustainable practices  recognised as best-in-class by extra-financial rating agencies including A List by the CDP  and we have launched in June our Climate Strategy “committed SBTi”  including targets to continue to reduce our carbon footprint across our entire value chain. This strategy is based on three principles: Measure  Reduce  Contribute. It aims for Net Zero Carbon by 2050 (scopes 1  2  and 3) and complements our ambitious 2030 ESG Strategy.As far as Q1 2024 is concerned  we now expect an organic revenue growth rate at around +9% driven by strong digital revenues with a double-digit organic revenue growth rate in our transport business and a high single-digit organic revenue growth rate in street furniture.We are confident that Out of Home (OOH) will continue to grow its market share in a fragmented media landscape with Digital Out of Home (DOOH) being the fastest growing media segment. JCDecaux as the industry leader and the most digitised global OOH Media company is well positioned to benefit from this digital transformation.”Following the adoptions of IFRS 11 from January 1st  2014 and IFRS 16 from January 1st  2019  and in compliance with the AMF’s instructions  the operating data presented below are adjusted:to include our prorata share in companies under joint control  regarding IFRS 11 to exclude the impact of IFRS 16 on our core business lease agreements (lease agreements of locations for advertising structures excluding real estate and vehicle rental contracts).The values shown in the tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. The sum of the rounded amounts or variations calculations may differ  albeit to an insignificant extent  from the reported values. Please refer to the paragraph “Adjusted data” on page 4 of this release for the definition of adjusted data and reconciliation with IFRS.ADJUSTED REVENUEAs reported on January 26th  2024  adjusted revenue increased by +7.6%  +8.7% on an organic basis  to €3 570.0 million compared to €3 316.5 million in 2022.By activity  Street Furniture delivered a solid organic revenue growth driven by digital and a continued high demand from advertisers. Transport's organic revenue growth was strong  aligning with the global airport passenger traffic recovery  which is now at pre-COVID level  except for international traffic in China. Billboard was driven by its most digitised markets.Full-year adjusted revenue 2023 (€m) 2022 (€m) Reported growth Organic growth(a) Street Furniture 1 839.0 1 747.0 +5.3% +5.1% Transport 1 232.6 1 075.2 +14.6% +18.4% Billboard 498.4 494.3 +0.8% +0.7% Total 3 570.0 3 316.5 +7.6% +8.7%(a) Excluding acquisitions/divestitures and the impact of foreign exchangeAll geographies grew positively organically in 2023 including Asia-Pacific  UK and Rest of the World growing double-digit.Full-Year adjusted revenue 2023 (€m) 2022 (€m) Reported growth Organic growth(a) Europe (b) 1 056.9 988.3 +6.9% +5.6% Asia-Pacific 768.1 721.5 +6.5% +13.0% France 634.2 598.0 +6.1% +3.8% Rest of the World 469.6 416.8 +12.7% +14.1% United Kingdom 355.7 322.5 +10.3% +12.5% North America 285.4 269.3 +6.0% +6.7% Total 3 570.0 3 316.5 +7.6% +8.7%(a) Excluding acquisitions/divestitures and the impact of foreign exchange(b) Excluding France and the United KingdomFor further details  please refer to the press release dated January 25th  2024.ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGIN (1)For 2023  adjusted operating margin has improved by €60.2 million to reach €663.1 million (vs €602.9 million in 2022)  a +10.0% increase year-on-year reflecting a positive operating leverage driven by our street furniture division benefiting from both a full revenue recovery and some contract renegotiations. The adjusted operating margin as a percentage of revenue was 18.6% in 2023  +40bp above prior year.The adjusted operating margin as a percentage of revenue by business segment:2023 2022 Change 23/22 €m % of revenue €m % of revenue Change (€m) Margin rate (bp) Street Furniture 474.2 25.8% 417.7 23.9% +56.5 +190bp Transport 129.7 10.5% 118.3 11.0% +11.4 -50bp Billboard 59.3 11.9% 67.0 13.5% -7.7 -160bp Total 663.1 18.6% 602.9 18.2% +60.2 +40bpStreet Furniture: In 2023  adjusted operating margin increased by €56.5 million to €474.2 million. As a percentage of revenue  the adjusted operating margin was 25.8%  +190bp above prior year. This reflects a strong operating leverage on this business segment with revenue growing at higher pace than the cost base due to a tight control over our cost base and the benefit from our contract renegotiations.Transport: In 2023  adjusted operating margin increased by €11.4 million to €129.7 million. As a percentage of revenue  the adjusted operating margin was 10.5%  -50bp below prior year. This is mainly due to a decline year-on-year in operating margin in China as the advertising rebound was soft.Billboard: In 2023  adjusted operating margin decreased by €7.7 million to €59.3 million mainly due to France with the reglementary reduction and rationalisation of the number of sites. As a result  as a percentage of revenue  the adjusted operating margin was 11.9%  -160bp below prior year.ADJUSTED EBIT (2)In 2023  adjusted EBIT before impairment charges stood at €266.2 million and improved by €54.2 million due to the increase of €60.2 million in the operating margin and the rise of €6.0 million in net charges positioned between the operating margin and the EBIT. As a percentage of revenue  this represented a 110bp increase to 7.5%  from 6.4%.One-off items in 2023 corresponded to a net income of €33.4 million  notably including reversals of provisions totaling €33.3 million related to contract renegotiations. In 2022  the one-off items mainly included the net accounting gain on our share of Interstate for €42.1 million and the positive impact of asset sales. Excluding this positive impact from the contract renegotiations in 2023 and the net accounting revaluation of our stake in Interstate in 2022  adjusted EBIT before impairment charge for 2023 reached 6.6% as a percentage of revenue  a +150bp increase year-on-year.The net impairment charge on tangible and intangible assets  rights-of-use assets and joint-ventures generated an income of €16.0 million in 2023 mainly due to the reversal of a provision recorded in 2022 for €17.0 million in China related to the end of the Guangzhou metro contract. Compared to last year  where the net impact was a charge of -€19.1 million  this represents an improvement of €35.1 million.Adjusted EBIT  after impairment charge  has improved by €89.2 million from €193.0 million in 2022 to €282.2 million in 2023.NET FINANCIAL INCOME / (LOSS) (3)The net financial result represented a charge of €147.3 million in 2023 compared to €139.2 million in 2022  an increase of €8.1 million. This is primarily due to the increase for €14.0 million in discount charges on provisions and assets  resulting from an increase in discount rates compared to 2022  partially offset by a decrease in the cost of the net financial debt.This net financial result is predominantly composed of a net discount charge related to IFRS 16 lease liabilities  which remained stable at €83.8 million compared to €84.1 million in 2022.The cost of the net financial debt amounted to €33.2 million compared to €43.4 million in 2022  a favorable variation due to higher interest received on cash deposits benefitting from rising interest rates  while our financial debt is mostly at fixed rate.EQUITY AFFILIATESIn 2023  the share of net profit from equity affiliates was €52.0 million compared to €8.6 million in 2022  an increase of €43.4 million year-on-year mainly coming from the improvement in the results of our affiliates under joint control and  in 2022  the negative impact from an impairment charge on our financial investment in Clear Media for €28 million.NET INCOME GROUP SHAREIn 2023  net income Group share before impairment charge increased by +€25.9 million to €205.7 million compared to €179.8 million in 2022.Income tax represented a charge of €32.6 million in 2023 compared to an income of €22.3 million in 2022  resulting in a variation of -€54.9 million mainly due to the improvement of the results before tax. The average tax rate stood at 13.6% in 2023  lower than usual  mainly due to the reversal in 2023 of provisions on deferred tax assets related to the recovery of activity.Taking into account the net impact from the impairment charge  net income Group share increased by €77.0 million to €209.2 million compared to €132.1 million in 2022.ADJUSTED CAPITAL EXPENDITUREIn 2023  adjusted net capex (acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets  net of disposals of assets) at €355.1 million remained below 2019 capex by 5.4%. This amount  which is almost stable compared to 2022 (+€5.3 million  +1.5%)  includes the third tranche for €27.4 million regarding the upfront payment related to the advertising rights of the renewal and extension of our long-term partnership with Shanghai Metro and non-core asset sales for a total amount of €35.6 million.ADJUSTED FREE CASH FLOW (4)In 2023  operating cash flows reached +€478.5 million improving by +€79.1 million compared to 2022  +19.8% year-on-year  mainly driven by the improving operating margin and a decrease in net interests paid  due to the rise in interests received on our liquidity  while our debt is mainly at fixed rates.Changes in our working capital requirements had an unfavourable impact of €124.3 million due to the release of past rental payments for c.€100 million over the period following some contract renegotiations and  to a lesser extent  an increase in receivables  and in inventory in line with the recovery of our activity.After capital expenditure  the adjusted free cash flow amounted to -€1.0 million  a decrease of €44.2 million vs 2022 attributable to the change in our working capital requirements  partly offset by the increase in our operating cash flows.DIVIDENDTo maintain our financial flexibility for future organic and external bolt-on investment opportunities  we will propose at the Annual General Meeting which will take place on May 7th  2024  not to pay any dividend in 2024.NET DEBT (5)Net debt was globally stable at €1 005.9 million as of December 31st  2023 vs €975.0 million as of December 31st  2022 reflecting a solid financial situation with a leverage ratio decreasing to 1.5x at the end of 2023  well distributed debt maturities and a strong liquidity including €1 684.7 million in cash and an undrawn credit facility of €825 million.RIGHT-OF-USE & LEASE LIABILITIES IFRS 16Right-of-use IFRS 16 as of December 31st  2023 amounted to €2 230.1 million compared to €2 725.3 million as of December 31st  2022  a decrease related to the amortisation of rights-of-use  contracts renegotiations and a negative foreign exchange rate impact  partially offset by new contracts  contracts extended and contracts renewed.IFRS 16 lease liabilities decreased from €3 412 1 million as of December 31st  2022 to €2 657 0 million as of December 31st  2023. The decrease  mainly related to repayments occurred in 2023 as well as renegotiations and end of contracts and a negative foreign exchange rate impact  is partially offset by new contracts  extensions and renewals.ADJUSTED DATAUnder IFRS 11  applicable from January 1st  2014  companies under joint control are accounted for using the equity method.Under IFRS 16  applicable from January 1st  2019  a lease liability for contractual fixed rental payments is recognised on the balance sheet  against a right-of-use asset to be depreciated over the lease term. As regards P&L  the fixed rent expense is replaced by the depreciation of the right-of-use in EBIT  below the operating margin  and a lease interest expense on the lease liability in financial result  below EBIT. IFRS 16 has no impact on cash payments but payment of debt (principal) is booked in funds from financing activities.However  in order to reflect the business reality of the Group and the readability of our performance  our operating management reports used to monitor the activity  allocate resources and measure performance continue:To integrate on proportional basis operating data of the companies under joint control and;To exclude the IFRS 16 impact on our core business (lease agreements of locations for advertising structures excluding real estate and vehicle rental contracts).As regards the P&L  it concerns all aggregates down to the EBIT. As regards the cash flow statement  it concerns all aggregates down to the free cash flow.Consequently  pursuant to IFRS 8  Segment Reporting presented in the financial statements complies with the Group’s internal information  and the Group’s external financial communication therefore relies on this operating financial information. Financial information and comments are therefore based on “adjusted” data  consistent with historical data  which is reconciled with IFRS financial statements.In 2023  the impacts of IFRS 11 and IFRS 16 on our adjusted aggregates are:-€274.1 million for IFRS 11 on adjusted revenue (-€242.5 million for IFRS 11 in 2022) leaving IFRS revenue at €3 295.9 million (€3 074.0 million in 2022).-€68.0 million for IFRS 11 and €665.1 million for IFRS 16 on adjusted operating margin(-€60.6 million for IFRS 11 and €780.2 million for IFRS 16 in 2022) leaving IFRS operating margin at €1 260.3 million (€1 322.5 million in 2022).(-€60.6 million for IFRS 11 and €780.2 million for IFRS 16 in 2022) leaving IFRS operating margin at €1 260.3 million (€1 322.5 million in 2022). -€56.6 million for IFRS 11 and €145.2 million for IFRS 16 on adjusted EBIT before impairment charge (-€45.0 million for IFRS 11 and €114.1 million for IFRS 16 in 2022) leaving IFRS EBIT before impairment charge at €354.8 million (€281.1 million in 2022).-€56.6 million for IFRS 11 and €144.5 million for IFRS 16 on adjusted EBIT after impairment charge (-€43.6 million for IFRS 11 and €114.1 million for IFRS 16 in 2022) leaving IFRS EBIT after impairment charge at €370.1 million (€263.4 million in 2022).€17.9 million for IFRS 11 on adjusted capital expenditure (€8.1 million for IFRS 11 in 2022) leaving IFRS capital expenditure at -€337.2 million (-€341.8 million in 2022).€2.4 million for IFRS 11 and €762.5 million for IFRS 16 on adjusted free cash flow (€12.1 million for IFRS 11 and €702.5 million for IFRS 16 in 2022) leaving IFRS free cash flow at €764.1 million (€757.8 million in 2022).The full reconciliation between adjusted figures and IFRS figures is provided on page 8 of this release.NOTES(1) Operating Margin: Revenue less Direct Operating Expenses (excluding Maintenance spare parts) less SG&A expenses.(2) EBIT: Earnings Before Interests and Taxes = Operating Margin less Depreciation  amortization and provisions (net) less Impairment of goodwill less Maintenance spare parts less Other operating income and expenses.(3) Net financial income / (loss): Excluding the net impact of discounting and revaluation of debt on commitments to purchase minority interests (-€2.7 million and €3.6 million in FY 2023 and FY 2022 respectively).(4) Free cash flow: Net cash flow from operating activities less capital investments (property  plant and equipment and intangible assets) net of disposals.(5) Net debt: Debt net of managed cash less bank overdrafts  excluding the non-cash IAS 32 impact (debt on commitments to purchase minority interests)  including the non-cash IFRS 9 impact on both debt and hedging financial derivatives and excluding IFRS 16 lease liabilities.ORGANIC GROWTH DEFINITIONThe Group’s organic growth corresponds to the adjusted revenue growth excluding foreign exchange impact and perimeter effect. The reference fiscal year remains unchanged regarding the reported figures  and the organic growth is calculated by converting the revenue of the current fiscal year at the average exchange rates of the previous year and taking into account the perimeter variations prorata temporis  but including revenue variations from the gains of new contracts and the losses of contracts previously held in our portfolio.€m Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY 2022 adjusted revenue (a) 683.0 791.8 808.4 1 033.3 3 316.5 2023 IFRS revenue (b) 671.8 795.2 789.0 1 039.9 3 295.9 IFRS 11 impacts (c) 49.5 68.6 66.0 90.0 274.1 2023 adjusted revenue (d) = (b) + (c) 721.3 863.7 855.0 1 130.0 3 570.0 Currency impacts (e) 1.2 19.1 33.4 22.6 76.3 2023 adjusted revenue at 2022 exchange rates (f) = (d) + (e) 722.5 882 8 888.4 1 152.6 3 646.3 Change in scope (g) -5.7 -9.3 -12.2 -13.1 -40.3 2023 adjusted organic revenue (h) = (f) + (g) 716.8 873.6 876.2 1 139.5 3 606.0 Organic growth (i) = (h)/(a)-1 +5.0% +10.3% +8.4% +10.3% +8.7%€m Impact of currencyas of December 31st  2023 CNY 18.5 AUD 16.9 USD 7.9 GBP 7.3 Others 25.8 Total 76.3Average exchange rate FY 2023 FY 2022 CNY 0.1305 0.1413 AUD 0.6140 0.6593 USD 0.9246 0.9496 GBP 1.1497 1.1727Next information:Q1 2024 revenue: May 2nd  2024 (after market)Key Figures for JCDecaux2023 revenue: €3 570.0m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 056 833 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 918 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 650 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.4/5)  CDP (A)  MSCI (AA)  Sustainalytics (13.7)  and has achieved Gold Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (630 196 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 258 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (319 081 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (85 743 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (708 620 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (165 292 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (91 682 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (25 337 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (21 300 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Forward looking statementsThis news release may contain some forward-looking statements. These statements are not undertakings as to the future performance of the Company. Although the Company considers that such statements are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions on the date of publication of this release  they are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual performance to differ from those indicated or implied in such statements.These risks and uncertainties include without limitation the risk factors that are described in the universal registration document registered in France with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Investors and holders of shares of the Company may obtain copy of such universal registration document by contacting the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on its website www.amf-france.org or directly on the Company website www.jcdecaux.com.The Company does not have the obligation and undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements.CommunicationsDepartment: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comRECONCILIATION BETWEEN ADJUSTED FIGURES AND IFRS FIGURESProfit & Loss 2023 2022 €m Adjusted Impact of companies under joint control Impact of IFRS 16 from controlled entities (1) IFRS Adjusted Impact of companies under joint control Impact of IFRS 16 from controlled entities (1) IFRS Revenue 3 570.0 (274.1) 0.0 3 295.9 3 316.5 (242.5) 0.0 3 074.0 Net operating costs (2 906.9) 206.1 665.1 (2 035.7) (2 713.6) 181.9 780.2 (1 751.5) Operating margin 663.1 (68.0) 665.1 1 260.3 602.9 (60.6) 780.2 1 322.5 Maintenance spare parts (48.1) 1.4 0.0 (46.8) (47.0) 1.1 0.0 (46.0) Amortisation and provisions (net) (327.5) 16.7 (592.2) (903.1) (377.9) 14.4 (691.6) (1 055.1) Other operating income / expenses (21.3) (6.7) 72.3 44.3 34.0 0.2 25.5 59.6 EBIT before impairment charge 266.2 (56.6) 145.2 354.8 212.0 (45.0) 114.1 281.1 Net impairment charge (2) 16.0 0.0 (0.7) 15.3 (19.1) 1.4 0.0 (17.7) EBIT after impairment charge 282.2 (56.6) 144.5 370.1 193.0 (43.6) 114.1 263.4 (1) IFRS 16 impact on the core business contracts of controlled entities.(2) Including impairment charge on net assets of companies under joint control.Cash Flow Statement 2023 2022 €m Adjusted Impact of companies under joint control Impact of IFRS 16 from controlled entities (1) IFRS Adjusted Impact of companies under joint control Impact of IFRS 16 from controlled entities (1) IFRS Operating Cash Flows 478.5 (15.8) 600.0 1 062.8 399.4 (10.6) 703.7 1 092.6 Change in working capital requirement (124.3) 0.4 162.5 38.5 (6.4) 14.6 (1.2) 7.0 Net cash flow from operating activities 354.2 (15.3) 762.5 1 101.3 393.0 4.0 702.5 1 099.6 Capital expenditure (355.1) 17.9 0.0 (337.2) (349.9) 8.1 0.0 (341.8) Free cash flow (1.0) 2.4 762.5 764.1 43.2 12.1 702.5 757.8 (1) IFRS 16 impact on the core and non-core business contracts of controlled entities.Full-year consolidated financial statements – 2023CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSSTATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITIONAssetsIn million euros 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Goodwill 1 666.0 1 748.7 Other intangible assets 699.7 624.0 Property  plant and equipment 1 240.2 1 279.0 Right-of-use 2 230.1 2 725.3 Investments under the equity method 421.6 411.9 Other financial assets 83.7 114.5 Financial derivatives - - Deferred tax assets 167.5 209.9 Current tax assets 2.4 2.7 Other receivables 17.9 9.4 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 6 529.0 7 125.4 Other financial assets 4.1 4.8 Inventories 187.6 161.7 Financial derivatives 6.8 2.5 Trade and other receivables 824.1 775.9 Current tax assets 16.2 22.4 Treasury financial assets 91.4 46.8 Cash and cash equivalents 1 597.2 1 919.5 CURRENT ASSETS 2 727.4 2 933.5 TOTAL ASSETS 9 256.4 10 058.9Equity and liabilitiesIn million euros 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Share capital 3.2 3.2 Additional paid-in capital 612.4 608.5 Treasury shares (0.6) (2.0) Consolidated reserves 1 304.2 1 152.8 Consolidated net income (Group share) 209.2 132.1 Other components of equity (177.3) (131.3) EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT COMPANY 1 951.0 1 763.3 Non-controlling interests 95.9 36.2 TOTAL EQUITY 2 046.9 1 799.5 Provisions 356.6 452.0 Deferred tax liabilities 36.3 79.9 Financial debt 1 922.1 1 916.4 Debt on commitments to purchase non-controlling interests 105.6 102.9 Lease liabilities 1 959.5 2 454.7 Other payables 9.7 10.2 Income tax payable 0.3 0.6 Financial derivatives 0.0 0.0 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 4 390.2 5 016.8 Provisions 81.0 83.8 Financial debt 770.9 993.3 Debt on commitments to purchase non-controlling interests 4.6 4.6 Financial derivatives 4.3 4.2 Lease liabilities 697.5 957.3 Trade and other payables 1 230.6 1 145.9 Income tax payable 26.6 23.7 Bank overdrafts 3.9 29.8 CURRENT LIABILITIES 2 819.4 3 242.6 TOTAL LIABILITIES 7 209.5 8 259.4 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 9 256.4 10 058.9STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEIncome statementIn million euros 2023 2022 REVENUE 3 295.9 3 074.0 Direct operating expenses (1 420.2) (1 198.2) Selling  general and administrative expenses (615.5) (553.3) OPERATING MARGIN 1 260.3 1 322.5 Depreciation  amortisation and provisions (net) (870.3) (1 072.8) Impairment of goodwill (17.5) 0.0 Maintenance spare parts (46.8) (46.0) Other operating income 81.7 80.9 Other operating expenses (37.4) (21.3) EBIT 370.1 263.4 INTERESTS ON IFRS 16 LEASE LIABILITIES (83.8) (84.1) Financial income 62.5 13.4 Financial expenses (128.6) (64.8) NET FINANCIAL INCOME EXCLUDING IFRS 16 (66.1) (51.4) NET FINANCIAL INCOME (LOSS) (150.0) (135.6) Income tax (32.6) 22.3 Share of net profit of companies under the equity method 52.0 8.6 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME 239.5 158.7 - Including non-controlling interests 30.3 26.6 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME (GROUP SHARE) 209.2 132.1 Earnings per share (in euros) 0.982 0.621 Diluted earnings per share (in euros) 0.978 0.621 Weighted average number of shares 213 008 301 212 733 422 Weighted average number of shares (diluted) 213 912 412 212 733 422Statement of other comprehensive incomeIn million euros 2023 2022 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME 239.5 158.7 Translation reserve adjustments (1) (31.4) 5.8 Cash flow hedges (0.6) (1.5) Tax on the other comprehensive income subsequently released to net income 0.9 1.2 Share of other comprehensive income of companies under equity method (after tax) (2) (3.9) (11.0) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME SUBSEQUENTLY RELEASED TO NET INCOME (35.0) (5.6) Change in actuarial gains and losses on post-employment benefit plans and assets ceiling (1.6) 25.5 Tax on the other comprehensive income not subsequently released to net income 0.3 (4.3) Share of other comprehensive income of companies under equity method (after tax) (1.6) 0.3 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME NOT SUBSEQUENTLY RELEASED TO NET INCOME (2.9) 21.5 TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (38.0) 15.9 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 201.5 174.6 - Including non-controlling interests 38.4 29.7 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME - GROUP SHARE 163.1 145.0 (1) In 2023  translation reserve adjustments mainly related to changes in foreign exchange rates  of which €(13.8) million in Hong Kong  €(11.7) million in Australia  €(7.2) million in South Africa  €(6.5) million in France and €8.8 million in Mexico. The item also includes a €(0.1) million reclassification to net income related to changes in consolidation scope.In 2022  translation reserve adjustments mainly related to changes in foreign exchange rates  of which €19.1 million in Hong Kong  €7.9 million in Mexico  €(11.0) million in the United States and €(6.6) million in the United Kingdom.(2) This includes reclassification to net income of translation reserves from companies accounted for under the equity method following changes in consolidation scope of €(0.3] million in 2023 and €3.1 million in 2022.STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWSIn million euros 2023 2022 NET INCOME BEFORE TAX 272.1 136.5 Share of net profit of companies under the equity method (52.0) (8.6) Dividends received from companies under the equity method 56.5 51.4 Expenses related to share-based payments 12.8 6.1 Gains and losses on lease contracts (95.7) (48.9) Depreciation  amortisation and provisions (net) 889.4 1 074.3 Capital gains and losses and net income (loss) on changes in scope (0.9) (67.2) Net discounting expenses 18.2 (2.0) Net interest expense & interest expenses on IFRS16 lease liabilities 115.2 126.3 Financial derivatives  translation adjustments  amortised cost and other 1.5 (0.4) Interest paid on IFRS16 lease liabilities (98.8) (93.8) Interest paid (67.0) (45.9) Interest received 57.8 9.7 Income tax paid (46.4) (44.9) Operating Cash Flows 1 062.8 1 092.6 Change in working capital 38.5 7.0 Change in inventories (22.0) (15.6) Change in trade and other receivables (57.1) (15.7) Change in trade and other payables 117.6 38.2 NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 1 101.3 1 099.6 Cash payments on acquisitions of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment (372.8) (351.2) Cash payments on acquisitions of financial assets (long-term investments) net of cash acquired (14.6) (89.4) Cash payments on acquisitions of other financial assets (3.4) (4.0) TOTAL INVESTMENTS (390.8) (444.6) Cash receipts on proceeds on disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment 35.6 9.4 Cash receipts on proceeds on disposals of financial assets (long-term investments) net of cash sold 0.1 0.3 Cash receipts on proceeds on disposals of other financial assets 16.8 18.0 TOTAL ASSET DISPOSALS 52.5 27.7 NET CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES (338.3) (416.9) Dividends paid (12.8) (17.8) Purchase of treasury shares (36.0) (43.1) Cash payments on acquisitions of non-controlling interests (0.0) (6.3) Capital decrease 0.0 (0.1) Repayment of long-term borrowings (973.8) (1 179.2) Repayment of lease liabilities (762.5) (702.5) Acquisitions and disposals of treasury financial assets (44.4) - CASH OUTFLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (1 829.5) (1 949.0) Cash receipts on proceeds on disposal of interests without loss of control - - Capital increase 3.9 0.5 Sale of treasury shares 37.5 43.7 Increase in long-term borrowings 737.2 1 623.9 CASH INFLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 778.6 1 668.2 NET CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (1 050.8) (280.8) CHANGE IN NET CASH POSITION (287.8) 401.8 NET CASH POSITION BEGINNING OF PERIOD 1 889.7 1 487.4 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations and other movements (8.5) 0.5 NET CASH POSITION END OF PERIOD (1) 1 593.3 1 889.7Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.57,0.25,0.17,True,English,"['Full-Year 2023 results', 'JCDecaux', 'March', '01', 'positive underlying free cash flow generation', 'other P&L performance indicators', 'double-digit organic revenue growth rate', 'single-digit organic revenue growth rate', 'global airport passenger traffic', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'strong programmatic revenue growth', 'global OOH Media company', 'fastest growing media segment', 'solid organic revenue growth', 'strong operating cash flows', 'Net income Group share', 'net result Group share', 'core business lease agreements', 'fragmented media landscape', 'positive operating leverage', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'premium analogue sites', 'extra-financial rating agencies', 'entire value chain', 'analogue advertising revenue', 'Net Zero Carbon', 'vehicle rental contracts', 'strong digital revenues', 'full revenue recovery', 'decreasing financial leverage', 'street furniture division', 'ambitious 2030 ESG Strategy', 'yoy Adjusted EBIT', 'continued growth', '2023 Group revenue', 'net debt', 'organic basis', 'market share', 'prorata share', 'advertising structures', 'ADJUSTED REVENUE', 'ESG ratings', 'financial flexibility', 'carbon footprint', 'operating margin', 'transport business', 'DOOH) revenue', 'rental payments', 'billboard segment', 'operating data', 'First quarter 2024', 'Executive Board', 'ongoing recovery', 'inflationary pressures', 'contract renegotiations', 'slower pace', 'French regulations', 'one-off past', 'sustainable practices', 'A List', 'Climate Strategy', 'three principles', 'industry leader', 'January 1st', 'joint control', 'real estate', 'rounded amounts', 'variations calculations', 'insignificant extent', 'January 26th', 'transport activities', 'Adjusted data', 'Digital Out', 'digital transformation', 'Euronext Paris', 'high demand', 'JCDecaux SE', 'year increase', 'Full-Year 2023 results', 'impairment', 'class', 'Proposal', 'dividend', 'number', 'accounts', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Home', 'conversion', 'costs', 'China', 'conclusion', '1.5x', 'excellence', 'CDP', 'June', 'SBTi', 'targets', 'Measure', 'scopes', 'Q1', 'digitised', 'adoptions', 'IFRS', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'instructions', 'companies', 'impact', 'locations', 'values', 'tables', 'millions', 'euros', 'sum', 'paragraph', 'page', 'release', 'definition', 'reconciliation', 'activity', 'advertisers']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37158,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ULTIMOVACS-ASA-59297686/news/Ultimovacs-Announces-Topline-Results-from-INITIUM-Study-Evaluating-UV1-Vaccination-Added-to-Ipilimum-46108607/,Ultimovacs Announces Topline Results from INITIUM Study Evaluating UV1 Vaccination Added to Ipilimumab and Nivolumab in Patients with Unresectable or Metastatic Malignant Melanoma,(marketscreener.com) With the 18-month minimum follow-up of the patients in the INITIUM trial  the trial did not meet the primary endpoint of prolonging progression-free survival . Median PFS was not reached in either arm. Evaluation of secondary endpoints di…,"With the 18-month minimum follow-up of the patients in the INITIUM trial  the trial did not meet the primary endpoint of prolonging progression-free survival (PFS). Median PFS was not reached in either arm. Evaluation of secondary endpoints did not show a difference in overall survival and objective response rate between the treatment and control armsUV1 maintained its positive safety profile with similar safety and tolerability as observed in the control armUltimovacs remains confident in the potential of the UV1 vaccine and its promise in specific therapeutic combinations and indicationsUpcoming data from the FOCUS Phase II trial and overall survival updates from the NIPU Phase II trial will be the next important data points for the further assessment of UV1Cash preservation initiatives will be implemented to ensure that the available financial resources will sustain the company into 2025  enabling the achievement of upcoming key inflection points.Oslo  March 7 2024: Ultimovacs ASA (""Ultimovacs"") (OSE ULTI)  a clinical-stage biotechnology leader in novel immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines  today announced topline results from the Phase II clinical trial  INITIUM ( NCT04382664 )  evaluating the company’s therapeutic cancer vaccine candidate UV1 as first-line treatment in unresectable or metastatic malignant melanoma.The study’s primary endpoint was to investigate progression-free survival (PFS) in the experimental arm (UV1 plus treatment with checkpoint inhibitors (CPIs) ipilimumab and nivolumab) as compared to the control arm (ipilimumab and nivolumab alone). Secondary endpoints included overall survival (OS)  objective response rate (ORR) as well as duration of response (DOR) and safety. Topline data demonstrated that the combined treatment of UV1 with ipilimumab and nivolumab showed similar clinical benefits as treatment with ipilimumab and nivolumab alone  meaning the primary and secondary endpoints of the study were not met.With the 18-month minimum follow-up of the patients in the trial  the median PFS was not reached in either arm  and the Hazard Ratio (HR) between the arms for PFS was 0.95. Evaluation of secondary endpoints did not show a difference in overall survival and objective response rate between the arms. UV1 maintained a positive safety and tolerability profile.Ultimovacs will further analyze the full data set while continuing to advance its ongoing Phase II trials for UV1.“Ultimovacs had set a very high bar for UV1 by comparing it to the ipilimumab and nivolumab combination  currently considered the most effective treatment for this patient population. Nevertheless  we are disappointed that UV1 did not add further clinical benefit for these late-stage melanoma patients in the INITIUM trial. Looking forward  our first objective is to complete the analysis of the full data set in depth to gain further insights on UV1’s effects ” said Jens Bjørheim  Chief Medical Officer  Ultimovacs. “We wish to thank the patients for their trust and the investigators for their collaboration with us.”“We have seen signals in previous trials that UV1 has the ability to show positive effects in cancer patients. We remain committed to UV1  and we look forward to thoroughly examining the INITIUM data  receiving the FOCUS data  and updated NIPU survival data over the next several months. Our objective is to define the best path forward for our development strategy for UV1 ” said Carlos de Sousa  Chief Executive Officer  Ultimovacs.Ultimovacs is evaluating the universal cancer vaccine UV1 in a broad clinical development program across various cancer indications with different biology and disease stages  in combination with different checkpoint inhibitors. The topline data from INITIUM is the second readout among the five randomized trials in the UV1 Phase II clinical program. In October 2023  the UV1 Phase II trial NIPU in malignant mesothelioma reported a clinically meaningful overall survival benefit in the patients receiving UV1 vaccination on top of ipilimumab and nivolumab compared to ipilimumab and nivolumab alone  with no added toxicities. Per protocol  the overall survival results were statistically significant. In addition to the studies in malignant melanoma and malignant mesothelioma  Phase II studies are ongoing in patients with head and neck cancer (FOCUS)  ovarian cancer (DOVACC)  and non-small cell lung cancer (LUNGVAC). The data from the FOCUS trial is expected in the third quarter of 2024.The Company will host a webcast presentation and discussion of the results from the INITIUM study on Thursday  March 7 2024 at 08:00 (CET). Link to the webcast here: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/hegnarmedia/20240307_2/==ENDS==About UltimovacsUltimovacs is a clinical-stage biotechnology leader in novel immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines with broad applicability. Ultimovacs’ lead cancer vaccine candidate UV1 is directed against human telomerase (hTERT) an antigen which is present in 85-90% of cancers in all stages of tumor growth. A broad clinical program  with Phase II trials in five cancer indications enrolling more than 670 patients  aims to demonstrate UV1’s impact in combination with other immunotherapies in multiple cancer types expressing telomerase and where patients have unmet medical needs. UV1 is universal  off-the-shelf and easy to use  and is a patented technology owned by Ultimovacs.In addition  Ultimovacs holds all rights of the proprietary TET technology platform for any possible future use of formulations in various solid tumor indications. The Company is listed on Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (ULTI.OL).About INITIUMINITIUM is an Ultimovacs-sponsored randomized  comparative  multicenter Phase II trial in which the universal cancer vaccine UV1 will be evaluated in combination with the checkpoint inhibitors ipilimumab and nivolumab for first-line treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic malignant melanoma. The first patient received treatment in the INITIUM trial in June 2020  and the last patient was enrolled in July 2022. The study is being conducted at 39 hospitals across the U.S.  U.K.  Belgium  and Norway. The initial study design called for enrollment of 154 patients. Two additional patients were enrolled bringing the total number of patients in the study to 156.About the UV1 Phase II programThe immunotherapeutic cancer vaccine UV1 is investigated in combination with checkpoint inhibitors in patients with various cancer indications with diverse tumor biology. The diversity of the UV1 Phase II program places Ultimovacs in a favorable position to capture the cancer vaccine’s potential broad applicability when combined with checkpoint inhibitors:INITIUM : Evaluating UV1 in combination with ipilimumab and nivolumab as first-line treatment for patients with malignant melanoma. Enrollment of 156 patients completed in July 2022. Sponsored by Ultimovacs.: Evaluating UV1 in combination with ipilimumab and nivolumab as first-line treatment for patients with malignant melanoma. Enrollment of 156 patients completed in July 2022. Sponsored by Ultimovacs. NIPU : Evaluating UV1 in combination with ipilimumab and nivolumab as second-line treatment for patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma. Enrollment of 118 patients completed in January 2023. Data presented at the ESMO Congress in October 2023  showed that UV1 as add-on to ipilimumab and nivolumab  demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement of overall survival versus ipilimumab and nivolumab alone. 31% of the patients receiving UV1 vaccine experienced an objective response  compared to 16% in the control arm. The investigator-initiated study is led by Oslo University Hospital and supported by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Ultimovacs.: Evaluating UV1 in combination with ipilimumab and nivolumab as second-line treatment for patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma. Enrollment of 118 patients completed in January 2023. Data presented at the ESMO Congress in October 2023  showed that UV1 as add-on to ipilimumab and nivolumab  demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement of overall survival versus ipilimumab and nivolumab alone. 31% of the patients receiving UV1 vaccine experienced an objective response  compared to 16% in the control arm. The investigator-initiated study is led by Oslo University Hospital and supported by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Ultimovacs. FOCUS : Evaluating UV1 in combination with pembrolizumab as first-line treatment for patients with head and neck cancer. Enrollment of 75 patients completed in August 2023  expected readout Q3 2024. The investigator-initiated study is led by Halle University in Germany  supported by Ultimovacs.: Evaluating UV1 in combination with pembrolizumab as first-line treatment for patients with head and neck cancer. Enrollment of 75 patients completed in August 2023  expected readout Q3 2024. The investigator-initiated study is led by Halle University in Germany  supported by Ultimovacs. DOVACC : Evaluating UV1 in combination with olaparib and durvalumab as maintenance therapy in non-BRCA mutated patients with advanced ovarian cancer. 75 of 184 patients enrolled as of Q4 2023 reporting  expected readout H1 2025. The investigator-initiated study is led by NSGO-CTU and supported by ENGOT  AstraZeneca  and Ultimovacs.: Evaluating UV1 in combination with olaparib and durvalumab as maintenance therapy in non-BRCA mutated patients with advanced ovarian cancer. 75 of 184 patients enrolled as of Q4 2023 reporting  expected readout H1 2025. The investigator-initiated study is led by NSGO-CTU and supported by ENGOT  AstraZeneca  and Ultimovacs. LUNGVAC: Evaluating UV1 combined with cemiplimab as first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer patients. 23 of 138 patients enrolled as of Q4 2023 reporting  expected readout H2 2025. The investigator-initiated study is led by Vestre Viken (Drammen Hospital) and supported by Ultimovacs.About UV1UV1 is a universal cancer vaccine designed to induce a specific T-cell response against telomerase. UV1 consists of long  synthetic peptides representing a sequence in the reverse transcriptase subunit of telomerase (hTERT)  shown to induce CD4+ T-cells. These CD4+ T-cells have the potential to provide inflammatory signals  and T-cell support is believed to be critical for triggering a strong anti-tumor immune response. Following intradermal injection  antigen-presenting cells (APCs) in the skin are exposed to the vaccine peptides. These APCs will process the peptides and present vaccine epitopes on Human Leukocyte Antigen (HLA) molecules to naïve T-cells in the lymph nodes. Activated vaccine-specific T-cells will then enter the circulation and search for cells displaying their cognate antigen in the context of HLA molecules.The UV1 peptides contain several epitopes  shown to be non-restrictive in terms of (HLA) alleles for presentation. It is  therefore not required to perform HLA pre-screening of patients  which potentially enables broad population utilization of the vaccine. UV1 is administered over three months as eight intradermal injections together with the immune-modulator GM-CSF.For further information  please see www.ultimovacs.com or contact:Carlos de Sousa  CEOEmail: carlos.desousa@ultimovacs.comPhone: +47 908 92507Anne Worsøe  Head of Investor RelationsEmail: anne.worsoe@ultimovacs.comPhone: +47 90686815This information is considered to be inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. This stock exchange announcement was published by Anne Worsøe  Head of IR at Ultimovacs ASA  on March 7  2024 at 07:00 CET",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.41,0.27,0.32,True,English,"['Metastatic Malignant Melanoma', 'Topline Results', 'INITIUM Study', 'UV1 Vaccination', 'Ultimovacs', 'Ipilimumab', 'Nivolumab', 'Patients', 'Unresectable', 'lead cancer vaccine candidate UV1', 'UV1 Phase II clinical program', 'novel immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines', 'small cell lung cancer', 'therapeutic cancer vaccine candidate', 'upcoming key inflection points', 'ongoing Phase II trials', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'next important data points', 'broad clinical development program', 'universal cancer vaccine UV1', 'NIPU Phase II trial', 'FOCUS Phase II trial', 'UV1 Phase II trial', 'meaningful overall survival benefit', 'broad clinical program', 'Phase II studies', 'specific therapeutic combinations', 'next several months', '18-month minimum follow-up', 'Cash preservation initiatives', 'available financial resources', 'clinical-stage biotechnology leader', 'similar clinical benefits', 'Jens Bjørheim', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Carlos de Sousa', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'five randomized trials', 'various cancer indications', 'overall survival updates', 'metastatic malignant melanoma', 'objective response rate', 'full data set', 'NIPU survival data', 'different checkpoint inhibitors', 'overall survival results', 'late-stage melanoma patients', 'positive safety profile', 'UV1 vaccine', 'neck cancer', 'ovarian cancer', 'Upcoming data', 'previous trials', 'development strategy', 'broad applicability', 'FOCUS trial', 'cancer patients', 'progression-free survival', 'FOCUS data', 'similar safety', 'different biology', 'five canc', 'first objective', 'INITIUM trial', 'Topline data', 'malignant mesothelioma', 'secondary endpoints', 'OSE ULTI', 'topline results', 'Hazard Ratio', 'tolerability profile', 'high bar', 'patient population', 'best path', 'second readout', 'third quarter', 'human telomerase', 'tumor growth', 'INITIUM data', 'UV1 vaccination', 'positive effects', 'primary endpoint', 'control arm', 'experimental arm', 'first-line treatment', 'combined treatment', 'effective treatment', 'disease stages', 'webcast presentation', 'Median PFS', 'The Company', 'Ultimovacs ASA', 'INITIUM study', 'nivolumab combination', 'UV1.', 'arms', 'Evaluation', 'difference', 'potential', 'promise', 'further', 'assessment', 'achievement', 'Oslo', 'unresectable', 'CPIs', 'ipilimumab', 'ORR', 'duration', 'DOR', 'HR', 'analysis', 'depth', 'insights', 'trust', 'investigators', 'collaboration', 'signals', 'October', 'toxicities', 'protocol', 'addition', 'head', 'DOVACC', 'LUNGVAC', 'discussion', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Link', 'landingpage', 'hegnarmedia', 'ENDS', 'hTERT', 'antigen', 'cancers']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37159,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MCPHY-ENERGY-15933338/news/McPhy-Energy-McPhy-2023-Annual-Results-46122136/,McPhy Energy: McPhy 2023 Annual Results -March 07  2024 at 01:01 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) Annual revenue up +17% to €18.8 million  within expected rangeHigher growth for the electrolyzer business of +25%  representing 73% of total revenueEBITDA of € million driven by R&D programs and customer projects Cash position of €63.0 mi…,"Annual revenue up +17% to €18.8 million  within expected rangeHigher growth for the electrolyzer business of +25%  representing 73% of total revenueEBITDA of €(44.6) million driven by R&D programs and customer projectsCash position of €63.0 million as of December 31  2023Strengthening of financial liquidity through implementation of a financing plan for around€60 million in total€60 million in total Commitments by EDF Pulse Holding and the French Tech Souveraineté fund to subscribe to a proposed convertible bond issuance for €15 million each  for a total of €30 millionGrenoble  March 7  2024 - 6:00 pm CET - McPhy Energy  specialized in low-carbon hydrogen production and distribution equipment (electrolyzers and refueling stations)  today announces its consolidated results for the financial year 2023  ended December 31  approved today by the Company’s Board of Directors1.Simplified P&L2(€ million) 2023 2022 Change Revenue 18.8 16.1 +17% Other operating income 1.1 1.9 -40% Income from Operating Activities 19.9 17.9 +11% Purchases consumed (16.0) (15.9) n.s. Personal costs (24.1) (17.7) +37% External costs (24.4) (21.1) +15% EBITDA (44.6) (36.8) +21% Depreciation  amortization and net provisions (5.6) (1.6) n.s. Operating Income (EBIT) (50.2) (38.4) +31% Other income and expenses - 0.4 n.s. Financial Result 2.8 0.4 n.s. Income Tax (0.0) (0.1) n.s. Net Result (47.4) (38.2) +24%Jean-Baptiste Lucas  Chief Executive Officer McPhy  states: “2023 has been a contrasted year for McPhy. Top line once again suffered from delays which penalized order intake  bringing it below our ambitions. On the positive side  the Group achieved several important strategic milestones during the year  including the partnership with the Indian multinational company Larsen & Toubro  the first contracts for the industrial sector  major progress in the transition to industrial scale  and the refocusing on our core business as an electrolyzer manufacturer. Recent developments in the market  with the strong momentum of low-carbon hydrogen applications in industry  the rapid increase in the size of projects in tendering and the increased specialization observed in the business activities  reinforce the choices we have made. In 2024  we are committed to transforming the commercial opportunities of the low-carbon hydrogen market  by driving forward the technological development of our new range of high-capacity electrolyzers  the ramp-up of our industrial footprint and the execution of our first large-scale projects.”Revenue within expected rangeRevenue for the 2023 financial year amounts to €18.8 million  up +17% versus 2022  in line with the double-digit growth range given at the half-year results publication. Growth was fueled by major projects currently under execution  and the initial benefits of contracts signed in the industrial sector  such as the ""green metal"" project with the Plansee Group3 and the low-carbon steel production project with ArcelorMittal and VEO4. In addition  as part of its partnership with L&T  McPhy recorded the first revenue from the lump-sum part of the transfer of its pressurized alkaline electrolysis technology.The annual 2023 revenue for the continued electrolyzer business reaches €13.7 million  up +25%. The station business  held for sale  reports steady revenue of €5.1 million.Update on current business and projectsFirm order intake have been negatively impacted by the postponement of the major 20 MW Djewels project  for which the final investment decision has not yet been taken  although the contract has been signed with HyCC during the second half of 2023. Order intake thus dropped by 56% to €13.0 million  of which€12.6 million for the electrolyzer business alone.However  McPhy has noted a significant increase in tenders for the supply of large-scale electrolyzers over the course of 2023  with a portfolio of tenders of 2.2 GW by 2030  a two-fold increase on last year and an average size per project rising from around 40 megawatts in 2022 to 70 megawatts in 2023.Operating result reflecting the Group's continued restructuringIn fiscal year 2023  the Group pursued its recruitment and structuring plans  resulting in an increase in current expenses related to:Innovation and R&D expenditure linked to the optimization of current products and the development of its new range of very large-scale electrolyzers;The strengthening of its engineering and service resources dedicated to customer projects.Hence  personnel costs increased by €6.4 million in 2023  due to the recruitment of 72 new employees and reached €24.1 million. Other external costs amounted to €24.4 million  and mainly comprised the purchase of subcontracting services and technical studies required for the Group's ongoing industrial  engineering and R&D development.EBITDA stands at €(44.6) million in 2023  compared to €(36.8) million in 2022. It includes for an amount of €4.5 million the share of IPCEI grant5 applicable to the eligible expenses over the period.The Operating Result  €(5.6) million below EBITDA  amounts to €(50.2) million in 2023. The sharp increase in depreciation  amortization and net provisions  from €(1.6) to €(5.6) million  reflects the investments made over the past few years and an increase in provisions recorded on certain legacy projects  linked in particular to the stations business. As a reminder  the 2022 financial year benefited from a €2.6 million reversal of the provision related to the Energiedienst incident.Active cash management to take full advantage of the rising interest rate environment has resulted in a positive financial result of €2.8 million in 2023  bringing Net Result to €(47.4) million  compared with €(38.2) million in 2022.Cash position of €63.0 million as of December 31  2023Net cash consumption was €(72.4) million in fiscal year 2023  including:Cash flow from operating activities of €(51.4) million   due to the change in EBITDA and a €(5.4) million rise in working capital requirements  mostly explained by an increase in inventory resulting from the start-up of more projects;  due to the change in EBITDA and a €(5.4) million rise in working capital requirements  mostly explained by an increase in inventory resulting from the start-up of more projects; Investments necessary for the Group’s industrial scale-up amounting to €(24.5) million  of which €(17.6) million are dedicated to the Belfort Gigafactory.As a result  McPhy holds a cash position of €63.0 million as of December 31  2023 compared to €135.5 million as of December 31  2022.Continuing industrial scale-upMcPhy has reached key milestones in the scaling-up of its industrial set-up  especially with the completion of construction of its Gigafactory at the Belfort site. The Gigafactory was delivered on schedule during this 1st quarter of 2024  and operations will begin at the end of the 2nd quarter.The site will be gradually ramped up  with the aim of reaching an annual production capacity of 1 GW. McPhy has also increased production capacity to 300 MW (in two shifts) at its San Miniato site.Progress on the contemplated sale of the refueling station businessFollowing the entry into exclusive negotiations for the sale of its station business with Atawey6 in December 2023  McPhy has received a binding offer  announced on February 19  2024.The price for the sale is composed of a fixed part between €11 and €12 million euros  plus a variable part that could amount  up to several million euros. This earn-out would be implemented from the date of completion of the transaction and would be conditional on the future order intakes relating to the scope of business covered by the contemplated transaction.The transaction is expected to be finalized during the 2nd quarter of 2024  subject to consultation with McPhy's employee representatives  a process which is ongoing  completion of financing  and fulfillment of usual prerequisites.Implementation of a financing plan for around €60 million  of which €30 million through the proposed issuance of convertible bondsIn order to finance its working capital requirements and general cash needs  in particular the development of its commercial activity  its industrial facilities and its research and development activity  McPhy intends to propose to its shareholders  at the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 30  2024 (the ""CGM"")  the authorization of an issuance of bonds convertible into new shares and/or exchangeable for existing shares (the ""Convertible Bonds"").The key financial terms of the Convertible Bonds would be as follows:The Convertible Bonds would be issued and redeemed at par  bear interest at 8% per annum  payable annually  and have a maturity of 5 years;The conversion price of the Convertible Bonds would represent a premium of 20% over the price determined on the issuance date;Conversion (in whole or in part) may be requested by bondholders at any time from the date of issuance until maturity. In the event of a conversion request  the issuer may deliver new and/or existing shares and/or a cash amount (based on the share price at the time of the conversion request).The legal documentation for the Convertible Bonds would also include the standard clauses for this type of market instrument: in particular  early redemption at the option of the bondholders (after 3 years or if certain events occur) or the issuer in certain cases  and adjustments in the event of financial transactions.McPhy has already received commitments to subscribe for a total of €30 million. EDF Pulse Holding (""EDF Pulse"")  an existing shareholder  and the Bpifrance EPIC7 (Public Institution of an Industrial and Commercial Nature)  acting on behalf of the French State under the French Tech Souveraineté Agreement dated December 11  2020 (""French Tech Souveraineté""8)  have thus undertaken to subscribe to the Convertible Bonds for an amount of €15 million each. McPhy will investigate the possibility of issuing an additional amount to other investors depending on market conditions.Both EDF Pulse and French Tech Souveraineté have informed the McPhy of their intention not to exceed  alone or in concert  the threshold of 30% of the company's capital and/or voting rights.Along with the approval by the CGM of the necessary resolutions  the offering of the Convertible Bonds will be subject to the approval of the prospectus  by the AMF  prepared for the admission to trading on Euronext Paris of the new shares resulting from the conversion of the Convertible Bonds  and to the reappointment of an EDF Pulse's second Board of Directors’ member.In conjunction with the planned issuance of Convertible Bonds  McPhy continues to secure new financing to strengthen its working capital in the course of 2024.In addition to the potential proceeds from the sale of its station business and the implementation of an equity financing line with Vester Finance9  the Group has signed  with a banking pool  a notice to proceed to a lease financing for its Belfort Gigafactory  representing a financing of €16 million.This new financing amounts together to around €30 million  totaling up to around €60 million including the proceeds of the Convertible Bonds.Based on the business plan and the various financing options mentioned above  McPhy will have the required financial resources to finance its growth and working capital requirements until the beginning of 2026 on its scope refocused on the electrolyzer business. McPhy will therefore be able to establish itself as a key manufacturer of equipment for low-carbon hydrogen production.Next Financial events:Combined General Meeting on May 30  2024on Publication of 2024 half-year results on July 30  2024  after market closeThe annual financial report will be made available as part of its 2023 Universal Registration Document no later than April 30  2024  on the Company's Investor website ( www.mcphy-finance.com ).ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment C  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress RelationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98Gaëlle FromaigeatT.+33 (0)1 44 71 98 52mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyAPPENDICESCash-flow Statement(€ million) 2023 2022 Net result (47.4) (38.2) Cash-flow from operations (41.0) (35.9) Working capital requirement (5.9) (7.8) Operating subsidies (4.5) 26.9 Net cash-flow from operating activities (51.4) (16.9) Net cash-flow from investing activities (20.8) (23.0) Net cash-flow from financing activities (0.3) (1.6) Change in cash and cash equivalents (72.4) (41.7) Closing cash position 63.0 135.5The audit procedures are in progress.Balance SheetASSETS (€ million) 2023 2022 Goodwill 1.7 2.5 Intangible assets 2.5 0.0 Tangible assets 33.7 0.7 Other non-current assets 14.5 0.0 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 52.4 41.1 Inventories 7.6 12.0 Trade and other receivables 20.1 10.2 Current tax assets 2.0 1.1 Cash and cash equivalents 63.0 0.0 CURRENT ASSETS 92.8 167.7 ASSETS HELD FOR SALE 19.2 0.0 TOTAL ASSETS 164.4 208.8 LIABILITIES (€ million) 2023 2022 Share capital 3.4 3.4 Premium issued 171.5 191.6 Treasury shares (0.6) (0.9) Retained earnings (86.0) (59.2) SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 88.2 134.9 Investment grants 6.8 2.5 Provisions - over 1 year 3.7 2.5 Financial debit & borrowings - over 1 year 4.3 4.5 Deferred tax liabilities 1.8 0.7 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 16.6 10.2 Provisions - under 1 year 7.4 5.7 Financial debit & borrowings - under 1 year 0.6 1.6 Trade and other payables 13.4 18.2 Other current liabilities 36.5 38.2 CURRENT LIABILITIES 57.9 63.7 LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE 1.7 0.0 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 164.4 208.8The audit procedures are in progress.1 Estimated results: Group's consolidated financial statements will be formally approved by the Board of Directors on April 2  2024.2 The audit procedures are in progress.3 “ McPhy Awarded a Landmark Contract in the Industrial Field for Green Metal Project for Plansee Group in Austria ”  on May 9  20234 “ On the Road to Decarbonisation with Hydrogen: ArcelorMittal  VEO and McPhy to Build Pilot Electrolysis Plant in Eisenhüttenstadt ”  on April 5  20235 Subject of a public aid contract by the French State within the framework of the PIIEC (""Projet Important d'Intérêt Européen Commun"") or IPCEI (""Important Project of Common European Interest"") scheme known as ""Hy2Tech"" approved by the European Commission  concluded with Bpifrance on October 28  2022.6 “ McPhy enters into exclusive negotiations with Atawey for the sale of its hydrogen refueling station business ” and “ McPhy receives a binding offer from Atawey for the sale of its station business ”  on December 14  2023 and February 19  2024.7 “Établissement Public à Caractère Industriel et Commercial” in French8 French Tech Souveraineté is an investment fund managed by Bpifrance  with both an offensive and defensive role. It already has an initial investment of €150 million to support French technology companies in sovereign technologies of the future  which could be targeted by large foreign players or be overtaken by competitors with better financing.9 “ McPhy renews an equity financing line with Vester Finance ”  on December 19  2023.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['McPhy 2023 Annual Results', 'McPhy Energy', 'March', '01:01', 'French Tech Souveraineté fund', 'several important strategic milestones', 'pressurized alkaline electrolysis technology', 'low-carbon steel production project', 'major 20 MW Djewels project', 'low-carbon hydrogen production', 'low-carbon hydrogen applications', 'R&D programs', 'EDF Pulse Holding', 'convertible bond issuance', 'Simplified P&L2', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'green metal"" project', 'final investment decision', 'R&D expenditure', 'half-year results publication', 'low-carbon hydrogen market', 'Indian multinational company', 'R&D development', 'Firm order intake', 'The Operating Result', 'Other external costs', 'ongoing industrial, engineering', 'Other operating income', 'double-digit growth range', 'first large-scale projects', 'Other income', 'major progress', 'consolidated results', 'major projects', 'Operating Activities', 'Personal costs', 'Financial Result', 'Net Result', 'personnel costs', 'industrial sector', 'industrial scale', 'industrial footprint', 'first revenue', 'large-scale electrolyzers', 'Higher growth', 'electrolyzer business', 'Cash position', 'financial liquidity', 'financing plan', 'distribution equipment', 'refueling stations', 'net provisions', 'Income Tax', 'Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'positive side', 'core business', 'electrolyzer manufacturer', 'Recent developments', 'strong momentum', 'business activities', 'commercial opportunities', 'technological development', 'initial benefits', 'Plansee Group3', 'L&T', 'station business', 'current business', 'second half', 'structuring plans', 'current products', 'service resources', '72 new employees', 'subcontracting services', 'technical studies', 'IPCEI grant5', 'first contracts', 'customer projects', 'financial year', 'contrasted year', 'last year', 'fiscal year', 'new range', 'Annual revenue', 'Change Revenue', 'rapid increase', 'high-capacity electrolyzers', 'annual 2023 revenue', 'steady revenue', 'significant increase', 'two-fold increase', 'current expenses', 'eligible expenses', 'total Commitments', 'Top line', 'lump-sum part', 'average size', 'total revenue', 'McPhy Energy', 'EBITDA', 'December', 'Strengthening', 'implementation', 'Grenoble', 'March', 'CET', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Purchases', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'delays', 'ambitions', 'partnership', 'Larsen', 'Toubro', 'transition', 'industry', 'tendering', 'increased', 'specialization', 'choices', 'ramp', 'execution', 'ArcelorMittal', 'VEO4.', 'addition', 'transfer', 'continued', 'sale', 'Update', 'postponement', 'HyCC', 'tenders', 'supply', 'course', 'portfolio', '2.2 GW', '40 megawatts', '70 megawatts', 'restructuring', 'recruitment', 'Innovation', 'optimization', 'amount', 'share', 'period', '6:00', '0.4', '2022']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37160,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DBV-TECHNOLOGIES-10189744/news/DBV-Technologies-Reports-Full-Year-2023-Financial-Results-and-Business-Update-46123390/,DBV Technologies Reports Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Business Update,(marketscreener.com) Montrouge  France  March 7  2024 DBV Technologies Reports Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Business Update Advanced Viaskin™ Peanut clinical development programs in peanut-allergic toddlers and children Strengthened executive leadersh…,"Montrouge  France  March 7  2024DBV Technologies Reports Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Business UpdateAdvanced Viaskin™ Peanut clinical development programs in peanut-allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years old) and children (4 through 7 years old)Strengthened executive leadership team in preparation for BLA submissionReported cash and cash equivalents of $141 millionDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need  today reported financial results for the full year 2023. The audit procedures have been substantially completed by the Company’s statutory auditors and financials – prepared under both US GAAP and IFRS for the purpose of Form 10-K and Universal Registration Document respectively – were approved by the Board of Directors on March 7  2024.“During 2023  we made significant progress advancing our two Viaskin Peanut clinical development programs in two distinct age groups  one for toddlers ages 1 to 3 years  and one for children ages 4 to 7 years ” said Daniel Tassé  Chief Executive Officer of DBV Technologies. “In 2024  we are focused on completing enrollment in VITESSE  our Phase 3 efficacy and safety trial in children. Despite the delays experienced as a result of the new European Commission directive on Clinical Trials Regulation  all countries are open and actively recruiting. We expect good momentum regarding Vitesse recruitment in the next several months and last subject screened by Q3 2024.In addition  we are initiating two supplemental six-month safety trials  COMFORT Toddlers and COMFORT Children  as the final clinical pieces to support two separate and robust packages for our Biologics License Applications to the FDA.”Mr. Tassé continued  “We are committed to working as swiftly and diligently as possible to bring this novel treatment option to market for toddlers and children and their families who are living with the daily and significant burden of a peanut allergy.”2023 Operational HighlightsConfirmed EPITOPE  DBV’s Phase 3 efficacy and safety study of Viaskin Peanut in peanut-allergic toddlers aged 1 through 3 years  is sufficient for the clinical portion of a BLA  and no additional efficacy studies were requested by the FDA.Prepared for initiation of COMFORT Toddlers and COMFORT Children  including protocol development for both supplemental six-month safety studies. Number of participants on active treatment will total approximately 600 children in each of the two BLAs  1 to 3-year-olds and 4 to 7-year-olds.Implemented simplified protocol language for both COMFORT Toddlers and COMFORT Children indicating that Viaskin Peanut is “intended to be worn for a full day” with any reference to minimum wear time removed.Initiated VITESSE  a Phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the circular Viaskin Peanut patch in peanut-allergic children aged 4 through 7 years and activated more than 85 trial sites across North America  Australia and Europe.Published EPITOPE results in the New England Journal of Medicine with an accompanying editorial  entitled  Good News for Toddlers with Peanut Allergy.in the New England Journal of Medicine with an accompanying editorial  entitled  Good News for Toddlers with Peanut Allergy. Presented interim safety and efficacy data from the open-label extension of EPITOPE   which demonstrate a robust continued treatment effect with Viaskin Peanut after two years of treatment  at The American College of Allergy  Asthma  and Immunology annual meeting.  which demonstrate a robust continued treatment effect with Viaskin Peanut after two years of treatment  at The American College of Allergy  Asthma  and Immunology annual meeting. Strengthened the executive leadership team with the appointment of Virginie Boucinha as Chief Financial Officer and Dr. Kevin Malobisky  PhD.  as Chief Operations Officer.Anticipated 2024 EventsInitiate COMFORT Toddlers  the six-month supplemental safety trial in support of BLA.Screen last patient in VITESSE  now expected by Q3 2024.Initiate COMFORT Children  the six-month supplemental safety trial in support of BLA.Announce top-line efficacy and safety data from year three of EPITOPE  corresponding to end-of-study results for participants completing three years of active treatment.Publish manuscripts including invited reviews in peer-reviewed scientific journals and submit abstracts on new data at upcoming scientific conferences.Financial Highlights for the Full Year 20232023 Financial Highlights are presented under both U.S GAAP and IFRS. Financial statements comments refer to U.S. GAAP financial statements.Differences between US GAAP and IFRS consolidated financial statements result mainly from the discrepancies arising from the application of lease accounting standards.Cash and cash equivalents totaled $141.4 million as of December 31  2023  compared to $209.2 million as of December 31  2022  a net decrease of $67.8 million.Overall  the Company used $79.6 million of cash in operations  primarily in Research and Development  with the initiation of the VITESSE trial  with the first patient screened in March 2023  preparation activities related to COMFORT studies  as well as an increase in regulatory and pre-commercialization activities. Cash used in operations increased by $23.9 million as of December 2023 compared to December 2022.Cash provided by financing activities decreased by $187.4 million in 2023  compared to 2022. In June of 2022  the Company had completed a private placement financing (“PIPE”) which raised total net proceeds of $194.4 million. The net proceeds from the issuance and sale of new ordinary shares in the form of American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) on June 16  2023  totaled $6.9 million.The Company also benefitted from a favorable exchange rate in the amount of $5.9 million.Operating income amounts to $15.7 million as of December 31  2023  an increase of $10.9 million compared to $4.8. million as of December 31  2022  mainly due to:A $7.8 million increase in other operating income from revenues recognized as part of the Development  Collaboration  and Licensing Agreement with Nestlé Health Science (the “Nestlé Collaboration Agreement”)  which terminated on October 30 th   2023.  2023. Research Tax Credit increase by $3.0 million. As of December 31  2023  the Company filed an additional research tax credit claim for the years 2020  2021 and 2022.Operating income  excluding revenues from the Nestlé  Collaboration  Agreement amounts to $8.8 million.Operating expenses amount to $92.2 million as of December 31  2023  compared to $101.5 million as of December 31  2022  a decrease of $9.3 million due to:(1) A $15.3 million decrease in Research and Development expenses  composed of:A $30.7 million favorable impact due to the termination of Nestlé Collaboration Agreement (primarily the reversal of the loss on completion accrual by $17.6 million in 2023 compared to a $10.4 million loss on completion accrual as of December 31st  2022). An increase of $15.4 million in Research and Development expenses reflecting intensified Research and Development activities following the initiation of the VITESSE trial  with the first patient screened in March 2023  as well as preparations for COMFORT.(2) A $5.2million increase in General and Administrative expenses  primarily due to $2.8 million in external services fees incurred in the Company’s financing activities.(3) A $0.8 million increase in Sales and Marketing expenses related to pre-commercialization activities for Viaskin Peanut in North America.Operating expenses totaled $107.3 million as of December 31  2023. when excluding the loss on completion accrual reversal from the Nestlé Collaboration Agreement.DBV recorded a net loss of $72.7 million as of December 31  2023  compared to a net loss of $96.3 million as of December 31  2022.On a per share basis  net loss (based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding over the period) is $0.76 as of December 31  2023.Excluding the Nestlé Collaboration Agreement termination  net loss as of December 31  2023  would amount to $94.7 million.The Company has incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of the date of the filing  the Company’s available cash and cash equivalents are not projected to be sufficient to support its operating plan for at least the next 12 months. As such  there is substantial doubt regarding the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.Based on current operations  as well as plans and assumptions  the Company expects that its balance of cash and cash equivalents of $141 4 million as of December 31  2023  will be sufficient to fund its operations until December 31 2024.The Company intends to seek additional capital through debt and equity offerings as it continues research and development efforts and prepares for the launch of Viaskin Peanut  if approved.Conference Call InformationDBV will host a live conference call and webcast today at 5:00 p.m. ET to discuss full year 2023 financial results and provide a business update. The conference call may be accessed by dialing:• United States: 1-844-481-2866• International: 1-412-317-1859A webcast of the call will also be available under ""Events"" in the Investors section of the DBV Technologies website: https://dbv-technologies.com/investor-overviewithevents. A replay of the presentation will also be available on DBV’s website after the event.Cash and Cash EquivalentsIn millions of USDUS GAAP IFRS Year ended December 31  Year ended December 31  2023 2022 2023 2022 Net cash & cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 209 2 77 3 209 2 77 3 Net increase/(decrease) in cash & cash equivalents  of which: (67 8) 131 9 (67 8) 131 9 Net cash flow used in operating activities (79 6) (55 7) (77 6) (51 4) Net cash flow used in investing activities (0 8) (0 1) (0 8) (0 1) Net cash flow provided by / ((used in) financing activities 6 7 194 1 4 8 189 9 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash & cash equivalents 5 9 (6 5) 5 8 (6 5) Net cash & cash equivalents at the end of the period 141 4 209 2 141.2 209 2Operating incomeIn millions of USDUS GAAP IFRS Year ended December 31  Year ended December 31  2023 2022 Variation 2023 2022 Variation Research tax credit 8 8 5 7 +3 0 +53% 8 8 5 7 +3 0 +53% Other operating income 6 9 (0 9) +7 8 -896% 6 9 (0 9) +7 8 -896% Operating income 15 7 4 8 +10 9 +225% 15 7 4 8 +10 9 +225%Operating expensesIn millions of USDUS GAAP IFRS Year ended December 31  Year ended December 31  2023 2022 Variation 2023 2022 Variation Research & Development 60 2 75 5 -15 3 -20% 60 1 75 2 -15 1 -20% Sales & Marketing 2 4 1 6 +0 8 +52% 2 4 1 6 +0 8 +56% General & Administrative 29 5 24 3 +5 2 +21% 29 5 24 2 +5 2 +22% Total operating expenses 92 2 101 5 -9 3 -9% 92 0 101 0 -9 0 -9% including internal compensation 29 2 24 0 +5 2 +22% 29 3 24 0 +5 3 +22%Net Loss and Net Loss per ShareUS GAAP IFRS Year ended December 31  Year ended December 31  2023 2022 Variation 2023 2022 Variation Net (loss) in millions of USD (72 7) (96 3) +23 5 -24% (72 7) (96 0) +23 1 -24% Basic / diluted net (loss) per share in USD (0 76) (1 24) +0 5 -38% (0 76) (1 24) +0 5 -38%About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need. DBV is currently focused on investigating the use of its proprietary technology platform  Viaskin™  to address food allergies  which are caused by a hypersensitive immune reaction and characterized by a range of symptoms varying in severity from mild to life-threatening anaphylaxis. Millions of people live with food allergies  including young children. Through epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT™)  the Viaskin platform is designed to introduce microgram amounts of a biologically active compound to the immune system through intact skin. EPIT is a new class of non-invasive treatment that seeks to modify an individual’s underlying allergy by re-educating the immune system to become desensitized to allergen by leveraging the skin’s immune tolerizing properties. DBV is committed to transforming the care of food allergic people. The Company’s food allergy programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut in peanut allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years of age) and children (4 through 7 years of age).DBV Technologies is headquartered in Montrouge  France  with North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).For more information  please visit www.dbvtechnologies.com and engage with us on X (formerly Twitter) and LinkedIn.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding DBV’s forecast of its cash runway  the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut and EPIT™  designs of DBV’s anticipated clinical trials  DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies  and the outcome of any litigation. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  and DBV’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in DBV’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including in DBV’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the SEC on March 7  2024  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by DBV. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Viaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologieskatie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAurora KrauseDBV Technologiesaurora.krause-ext@dbv-technologies.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Financial Results', 'DBV Technologies Reports', 'Business Update', 'Advanced Viaskin™ Peanut clinical development programs', 'two Viaskin Peanut clinical development programs', 'two supplemental six-month safety trials', 'U.S. GAAP financial statements', 'two distinct age groups', 'new European Commission directive', 'supplemental six-month safety studies', 'significant unmet medical need', 'circular Viaskin Peanut patch', 'six-month supplemental safety trial', 'robust continued treatment effect', 'IFRS consolidated financial statements', 'U.S GAAP', 'Clinical Trials Regulation', 'Full Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Financial statements comments', 'final clinical pieces', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'executive leadership team', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'other immunologic conditions', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'next several months', 'Biologics License Applications', 'minimum wear time', 'New England Journal', 'The American College', 'Immunology annual meeting', 'Dr. Kevin Malobisky', 'Chief Operations Officer', 'peer-reviewed scientific journals', 'upcoming scientific conferences', 'lease accounting standards', 'additional efficacy studies', 'novel treatment option', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'DBV Technologies Reports', 'protocol development', 'clinical portion', 'robust packages', 'two separate', 'two BLAs', 'Financial Highlights', 'US GAAP', '85 trial sites', 'new data', 'safety study', 'interim safety', 'safety data', 'two years', 'significant progress', 'significant burden', 'peanut allergy', 'full day', 'study results', 'treatment options', 'active treatment', 'Phase 3 efficacy', 'Business Update', 'food allergies', 'audit procedures', 'statutory auditors', 'Form 10-K', 'Daniel Tassé', 'good momentum', 'Mr. Tassé', '2023 Operational Highlights', '1 to 3-year', '4 to 7-year-olds', 'protocol language', 'North America', 'accompanying editorial', 'Good News', 'efficacy data', 'open-label extension', 'Virginie Boucinha', 'Anticipated 2024 Events', 'last patient', 'top-line efficacy', 'EPITOPE results', 'peanut-allergic toddlers', 'COMFORT Toddlers', 'cash equivalents', 'COMFORT Children', 'peanut-allergic children', 'three years', 'BLA submission', 'Vitesse recruitment', 'toddlers ages', '600 children', '3 years', '7 years', 'BLA.', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'March', 'preparation', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'financials', 'purpose', 'Board', 'Directors', 'enrollment', 'delays', 'countries', 'Q3', 'FDA', 'families', 'daily', 'initiation', 'Number', 'participants', 'simplified', 'reference', 'Australia', 'Medicine', 'Asthma', 'appointment', 'PhD.', 'support', 'Initiate', 'manuscripts', 'reviews', 'abstracts', 'Differences', 'discrepancies', 'December']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37161,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2842595/0/en/McPhy-Energy-McPhy-2023-Annual-Results.html,McPhy Energy: McPhy 2023 Annual Results,Grenoble  March 7  2024 - 6:00 pm CET - McPhy Energy  specialized in low-carbon hydrogen production and distribution equipment (electrolyzers and refueling stations)  today announces its consolidated results for the financial year 2023  ended December 31  app…,"Annual revenue up +17% to €18.8 million  within expected rangeHigher growth for the electrolyzer business of +25%  representing 73% of total revenueEBITDA of €(44.6) million driven by R&D programs and customer projectsCash position of €63.0 million as of December 31  2023Strengthening of financial liquidity through implementation of a financing plan for around€60 million in total€60 million in total Commitments by EDF Pulse Holding and the French Tech Souveraineté fund to subscribe to a proposed convertible bond issuance for €15 million each  for a total of €30 millionGrenoble  March 7  2024 - 6:00 pm CET - McPhy Energy  specialized in low-carbon hydrogen production and distribution equipment (electrolyzers and refueling stations)  today announces its consolidated results for the financial year 2023  ended December 31  approved today by the Company’s Board of Directors1.Simplified P&L2(€ million) 2023 2022 Change Revenue 18.8 16.1 +17% Other operating income 1.1 1.9 -40% Income from Operating Activities 19.9 17.9 +11% Purchases consumed (16.0) (15.9) n.s. Personal costs (24.1) (17.7) +37% External costs (24.4) (21.1) +15% EBITDA (44.6) (36.8) +21% Depreciation  amortization and net provisions (5.6) (1.6) n.s. Operating Income (EBIT) (50.2) (38.4) +31% Other income and expenses - 0.4 n.s. Financial Result 2.8 0.4 n.s. Income Tax (0.0) (0.1) n.s. Net Result (47.4) (38.2) +24%Jean-Baptiste Lucas  Chief Executive Officer McPhy  states: “2023 has been a contrasted year for McPhy. Top line once again suffered from delays which penalized order intake  bringing it below our ambitions. On the positive side  the Group achieved several important strategic milestones during the year  including the partnership with the Indian multinational company Larsen & Toubro  the first contracts for the industrial sector  major progress in the transition to industrial scale  and the refocusing on our core business as an electrolyzer manufacturer. Recent developments in the market  with the strong momentum of low-carbon hydrogen applications in industry  the rapid increase in the size of projects in tendering and the increased specialization observed in the business activities  reinforce the choices we have made. In 2024  we are committed to transforming the commercial opportunities of the low-carbon hydrogen market  by driving forward the technological development of our new range of high-capacity electrolyzers  the ramp-up of our industrial footprint and the execution of our first large-scale projects.”Revenue within expected rangeRevenue for the 2023 financial year amounts to €18.8 million  up +17% versus 2022  in line with the double-digit growth range given at the half-year results publication. Growth was fueled by major projects currently under execution  and the initial benefits of contracts signed in the industrial sector  such as the ""green metal"" project with the Plansee Group3 and the low-carbon steel production project with ArcelorMittal and VEO4. In addition  as part of its partnership with L&T  McPhy recorded the first revenue from the lump-sum part of the transfer of its pressurized alkaline electrolysis technology.The annual 2023 revenue for the continued electrolyzer business reaches €13.7 million  up +25%. The station business  held for sale  reports steady revenue of €5.1 million.Update on current business and projectsFirm order intake have been negatively impacted by the postponement of the major 20 MW Djewels project  for which the final investment decision has not yet been taken  although the contract has been signed with HyCC during the second half of 2023. Order intake thus dropped by 56% to €13.0 million  of which€12.6 million for the electrolyzer business alone.However  McPhy has noted a significant increase in tenders for the supply of large-scale electrolyzers over the course of 2023  with a portfolio of tenders of 2.2 GW by 2030  a two-fold increase on last year and an average size per project rising from around 40 megawatts in 2022 to 70 megawatts in 2023.Operating result reflecting the Group's continued restructuringIn fiscal year 2023  the Group pursued its recruitment and structuring plans  resulting in an increase in current expenses related to:Innovation and R&D expenditure linked to the optimization of current products and the development of its new range of very large-scale electrolyzers;The strengthening of its engineering and service resources dedicated to customer projects.Hence  personnel costs increased by €6.4 million in 2023  due to the recruitment of 72 new employees and reached €24.1 million. Other external costs amounted to €24.4 million  and mainly comprised the purchase of subcontracting services and technical studies required for the Group's ongoing industrial  engineering and R&D development.EBITDA stands at €(44.6) million in 2023  compared to €(36.8) million in 2022. It includes for an amount of €4.5 million the share of IPCEI grant5 applicable to the eligible expenses over the period.The Operating Result  €(5.6) million below EBITDA  amounts to €(50.2) million in 2023. The sharp increase in depreciation  amortization and net provisions  from €(1.6) to €(5.6) million  reflects the investments made over the past few years and an increase in provisions recorded on certain legacy projects  linked in particular to the stations business. As a reminder  the 2022 financial year benefited from a €2.6 million reversal of the provision related to the Energiedienst incident.Active cash management to take full advantage of the rising interest rate environment has resulted in a positive financial result of €2.8 million in 2023  bringing Net Result to €(47.4) million  compared with €(38.2) million in 2022.Cash position of €63.0 million as of December 31  2023Net cash consumption was €(72.4) million in fiscal year 2023  including:Cash flow from operating activities of €(51.4) million   due to the change in EBITDA and a €(5.4) million rise in working capital requirements  mostly explained by an increase in inventory resulting from the start-up of more projects;  due to the change in EBITDA and a €(5.4) million rise in working capital requirements  mostly explained by an increase in inventory resulting from the start-up of more projects; Investments necessary for the Group’s industrial scale-up amounting to €(24.5) million  of which €(17.6) million are dedicated to the Belfort Gigafactory.As a result  McPhy holds a cash position of €63.0 million as of December 31  2023 compared to €135.5 million as of December 31  2022.Continuing industrial scale-upMcPhy has reached key milestones in the scaling-up of its industrial set-up  especially with the completion of construction of its Gigafactory at the Belfort site. The Gigafactory was delivered on schedule during this 1st quarter of 2024  and operations will begin at the end of the 2nd quarter.The site will be gradually ramped up  with the aim of reaching an annual production capacity of 1 GW. McPhy has also increased production capacity to 300 MW (in two shifts) at its San Miniato site.Progress on the contemplated sale of the refueling station businessFollowing the entry into exclusive negotiations for the sale of its station business with Atawey6 in December 2023  McPhy has received a binding offer  announced on February 19  2024.The price for the sale is composed of a fixed part between €11 and €12 million euros  plus a variable part that could amount  up to several million euros. This earn-out would be implemented from the date of completion of the transaction and would be conditional on the future order intakes relating to the scope of business covered by the contemplated transaction.The transaction is expected to be finalized during the 2nd quarter of 2024  subject to consultation with McPhy's employee representatives  a process which is ongoing  completion of financing  and fulfillment of usual prerequisites.Implementation of a financing plan for around €60 million  of which €30 million through the proposed issuance of convertible bondsIn order to finance its working capital requirements and general cash needs  in particular the development of its commercial activity  its industrial facilities and its research and development activity  McPhy intends to propose to its shareholders  at the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 30  2024 (the ""CGM"")  the authorization of an issuance of bonds convertible into new shares and/or exchangeable for existing shares (the ""Convertible Bonds"").The key financial terms of the Convertible Bonds would be as follows:The Convertible Bonds would be issued and redeemed at par  bear interest at 8% per annum  payable annually  and have a maturity of 5 years;The conversion price of the Convertible Bonds would represent a premium of 20% over the price determined on the issuance date;Conversion (in whole or in part) may be requested by bondholders at any time from the date of issuance until maturity. In the event of a conversion request  the issuer may deliver new and/or existing shares and/or a cash amount (based on the share price at the time of the conversion request).The legal documentation for the Convertible Bonds would also include the standard clauses for this type of market instrument: in particular  early redemption at the option of the bondholders (after 3 years or if certain events occur) or the issuer in certain cases  and adjustments in the event of financial transactions.McPhy has already received commitments to subscribe for a total of €30 million. EDF Pulse Holding (""EDF Pulse"")  an existing shareholder  and the Bpifrance EPIC7 (Public Institution of an Industrial and Commercial Nature)  acting on behalf of the French State under the French Tech Souveraineté Agreement dated December 11  2020 (""French Tech Souveraineté""8)  have thus undertaken to subscribe to the Convertible Bonds for an amount of €15 million each. McPhy will investigate the possibility of issuing an additional amount to other investors depending on market conditions.Both EDF Pulse and French Tech Souveraineté have informed the McPhy of their intention not to exceed  alone or in concert  the threshold of 30% of the company's capital and/or voting rights.Along with the approval by the CGM of the necessary resolutions  the offering of the Convertible Bonds will be subject to the approval of the prospectus  by the AMF  prepared for the admission to trading on Euronext Paris of the new shares resulting from the conversion of the Convertible Bonds  and to the reappointment of an EDF Pulse's second Board of Directors’ member.In conjunction with the planned issuance of Convertible Bonds  McPhy continues to secure new financing to strengthen its working capital in the course of 2024.In addition to the potential proceeds from the sale of its station business and the implementation of an equity financing line with Vester Finance9  the Group has signed  with a banking pool  a notice to proceed to a lease financing for its Belfort Gigafactory  representing a financing of €16 million.This new financing amounts together to around €30 million  totaling up to around €60 million including the proceeds of the Convertible Bonds.Based on the business plan and the various financing options mentioned above  McPhy will have the required financial resources to finance its growth and working capital requirements until the beginning of 2026 on its scope refocused on the electrolyzer business. McPhy will therefore be able to establish itself as a key manufacturer of equipment for low-carbon hydrogen production.Next Financial events:Combined General Meeting on May 30  2024on Publication of 2024 half-year results on July 30  2024  after market closeThe annual financial report will be made available as part of its 2023 Universal Registration Document no later than April 30  2024  on the Company's Investor website ( www.mcphy-finance.com ).ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment C  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress RelationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98Gaëlle FromaigeatT.+33 (0)1 44 71 98 52mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyAPPENDICESCash-flow Statement(€ million) 2023 2022 Net result (47.4) (38.2) Cash-flow from operations (41.0) (35.9) Working capital requirement (5.9) (7.8) Operating subsidies (4.5) 26.9 Net cash-flow from operating activities (51.4) (16.9) Net cash-flow from investing activities (20.8) (23.0) Net cash-flow from financing activities (0.3) (1.6) Change in cash and cash equivalents (72.4) (41.7) Closing cash position 63.0 135.5The audit procedures are in progress.Balance SheetASSETS (€ million) 2023 2022 Goodwill 1.7 2.5 Intangible assets 2.5 0.0 Tangible assets 33.7 0.7 Other non-current assets 14.5 0.0 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 52.4 41.1 Inventories 7.6 12.0 Trade and other receivables 20.1 10.2 Current tax assets 2.0 1.1 Cash and cash equivalents 63.0 0.0 CURRENT ASSETS 92.8 167.7 ASSETS HELD FOR SALE 19.2 0.0 TOTAL ASSETS 164.4 208.8 LIABILITIES (€ million) 2023 2022 Share capital 3.4 3.4 Premium issued 171.5 191.6 Treasury shares (0.6) (0.9) Retained earnings (86.0) (59.2) SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 88.2 134.9 Investment grants 6.8 2.5 Provisions - over 1 year 3.7 2.5 Financial debit & borrowings - over 1 year 4.3 4.5 Deferred tax liabilities 1.8 0.7 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 16.6 10.2 Provisions - under 1 year 7.4 5.7 Financial debit & borrowings - under 1 year 0.6 1.6 Trade and other payables 13.4 18.2 Other current liabilities 36.5 38.2 CURRENT LIABILITIES 57.9 63.7 LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE 1.7 0.0 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 164.4 208.8The audit procedures are in progress.1 Estimated results: Group's consolidated financial statements will be formally approved by the Board of Directors on April 2  2024.2 The audit procedures are in progress.3 “ McPhy Awarded a Landmark Contract in the Industrial Field for Green Metal Project for Plansee Group in Austria ”  on May 9  20234 “ On the Road to Decarbonisation with Hydrogen: ArcelorMittal  VEO and McPhy to Build Pilot Electrolysis Plant in Eisenhüttenstadt ”  on April 5  20235 Subject of a public aid contract by the French State within the framework of the PIIEC (""Projet Important d'Intérêt Européen Commun"") or IPCEI (""Important Project of Common European Interest"") scheme known as ""Hy2Tech"" approved by the European Commission  concluded with Bpifrance on October 28  2022.6 “ McPhy enters into exclusive negotiations with Atawey for the sale of its hydrogen refueling station business ” and “ McPhy receives a binding offer from Atawey for the sale of its station business ”  on December 14  2023 and February 19  2024.7 “Établissement Public à Caractère Industriel et Commercial” in French8 French Tech Souveraineté is an investment fund managed by Bpifrance  with both an offensive and defensive role. It already has an initial investment of €150 million to support French technology companies in sovereign technologies of the future  which could be targeted by large foreign players or be overtaken by competitors with better financing.9 “ McPhy renews an equity financing line with Vester Finance ”  on December 19  2023.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.0,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['McPhy 2023 Annual Results', 'McPhy Energy', 'French Tech Souveraineté fund', 'several important strategic milestones', 'pressurized alkaline electrolysis technology', 'low-carbon steel production project', 'major 20 MW Djewels project', 'low-carbon hydrogen production', 'low-carbon hydrogen applications', 'R&D programs', 'EDF Pulse Holding', 'convertible bond issuance', 'Simplified P&L2', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'green metal"" project', 'final investment decision', 'R&D expenditure', 'half-year results publication', 'low-carbon hydrogen market', 'Indian multinational company', 'R&D development', 'Firm order intake', 'The Operating Result', 'Other external costs', 'ongoing industrial, engineering', 'Other operating income', 'double-digit growth range', 'first large-scale projects', 'Other income', 'major progress', 'consolidated results', 'major projects', 'Operating Activities', 'Personal costs', 'Financial Result', 'Net Result', 'personnel costs', 'industrial sector', 'industrial scale', 'industrial footprint', 'first revenue', 'large-scale electrolyzers', 'Higher growth', 'electrolyzer business', 'Cash position', 'financial liquidity', 'financing plan', 'distribution equipment', 'refueling stations', 'net provisions', 'Income Tax', 'Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'positive side', 'core business', 'electrolyzer manufacturer', 'Recent developments', 'strong momentum', 'business activities', 'commercial opportunities', 'technological development', 'initial benefits', 'Plansee Group3', 'L&T', 'station business', 'current business', 'second half', 'structuring plans', 'current products', 'service resources', '72 new employees', 'subcontracting services', 'technical studies', 'IPCEI grant5', 'first contracts', 'customer projects', 'financial year', 'contrasted year', 'last year', 'fiscal year', 'new range', 'Annual revenue', 'Change Revenue', 'rapid increase', 'high-capacity electrolyzers', 'annual 2023 revenue', 'steady revenue', 'significant increase', 'two-fold increase', 'current expenses', 'eligible expenses', 'total Commitments', 'Top line', 'lump-sum part', 'average size', 'total revenue', 'McPhy Energy', 'EBITDA', 'December', 'Strengthening', 'implementation', 'Grenoble', 'March', 'CET', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Purchases', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'delays', 'ambitions', 'partnership', 'Larsen', 'Toubro', 'transition', 'industry', 'tendering', 'increased', 'specialization', 'choices', 'ramp', 'execution', 'ArcelorMittal', 'VEO4.', 'addition', 'transfer', 'continued', 'sale', 'Update', 'postponement', 'HyCC', 'tenders', 'supply', 'course', 'portfolio', '2.2 GW', '40 megawatts', '70 megawatts', 'restructuring', 'recruitment', 'Innovation', 'optimization', 'amount', 'share', 'period', '6:00', '0.4', '2022']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37162,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2842787/0/en/DBV-Technologies-Reports-Full-Year-2023-Financial-Results-and-Business-Update.html,DBV Technologies Reports Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Business Update,Montrouge  France  March 7  2024  DBV Technologies Reports Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Business Update  Advanced Viaskin™ Peanut clinical......,"Montrouge  France  March 7  2024DBV Technologies Reports Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Business UpdateAdvanced Viaskin™ Peanut clinical development programs in peanut-allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years old) and children (4 through 7 years old)Strengthened executive leadership team in preparation for BLA submissionReported cash and cash equivalents of $141 millionDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need  today reported financial results for the full year 2023. The audit procedures have been substantially completed by the Company’s statutory auditors and financials – prepared under both US GAAP and IFRS for the purpose of Form 10-K and Universal Registration Document respectively – were approved by the Board of Directors on March 7  2024.“During 2023  we made significant progress advancing our two Viaskin Peanut clinical development programs in two distinct age groups  one for toddlers ages 1 to 3 years  and one for children ages 4 to 7 years ” said Daniel Tassé  Chief Executive Officer of DBV Technologies. “In 2024  we are focused on completing enrollment in VITESSE  our Phase 3 efficacy and safety trial in children. Despite the delays experienced as a result of the new European Commission directive on Clinical Trials Regulation  all countries are open and actively recruiting. We expect good momentum regarding Vitesse recruitment in the next several months and last subject screened by Q3 2024.In addition  we are initiating two supplemental six-month safety trials  COMFORT Toddlers and COMFORT Children  as the final clinical pieces to support two separate and robust packages for our Biologics License Applications to the FDA.”Mr. Tassé continued  “We are committed to working as swiftly and diligently as possible to bring this novel treatment option to market for toddlers and children and their families who are living with the daily and significant burden of a peanut allergy.”2023 Operational HighlightsConfirmed EPITOPE  DBV’s Phase 3 efficacy and safety study of Viaskin Peanut in peanut-allergic toddlers aged 1 through 3 years  is sufficient for the clinical portion of a BLA  and no additional efficacy studies were requested by the FDA.Prepared for initiation of COMFORT Toddlers and COMFORT Children  including protocol development for both supplemental six-month safety studies. Number of participants on active treatment will total approximately 600 children in each of the two BLAs  1 to 3-year-olds and 4 to 7-year-olds.Implemented simplified protocol language for both COMFORT Toddlers and COMFORT Children indicating that Viaskin Peanut is “intended to be worn for a full day” with any reference to minimum wear time removed.Initiated VITESSE  a Phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the circular Viaskin Peanut patch in peanut-allergic children aged 4 through 7 years and activated more than 85 trial sites across North America  Australia and Europe.Published EPITOPE results in the New England Journal of Medicine with an accompanying editorial  entitled  Good News for Toddlers with Peanut Allergy.Presented interim safety and efficacy data from the open-label extension of EPITOPE  which demonstrate a robust continued treatment effect with Viaskin Peanut after two years of treatment  at The American College of Allergy  Asthma  and Immunology annual meeting.Strengthened the executive leadership team with the appointment of Virginie Boucinha as Chief Financial Officer and Dr. Kevin Malobisky  PhD.  as Chief Operations Officer.Anticipated 2024 EventsInitiate COMFORT Toddlers  the six-month supplemental safety trial in support of BLA.Screen last patient in VITESSE  now expected by Q3 2024.Initiate COMFORT Children  the six-month supplemental safety trial in support of BLA.Announce top-line efficacy and safety data from year three of EPITOPE  corresponding to end-of-study results for participants completing three years of active treatment.Publish manuscripts including invited reviews in peer-reviewed scientific journals and submit abstracts on new data at upcoming scientific conferences.Financial Highlights for the Full Year 20232023 Financial Highlights are presented under both U.S GAAP and IFRS. Financial statements comments refer to U.S. GAAP financial statements.Differences between US GAAP and IFRS consolidated financial statements result mainly from the discrepancies arising from the application of lease accounting standards.Cash and cash equivalents totaled $141.4 million as of December 31  2023  compared to $209.2 million as of December 31  2022  a net decrease of $67.8 million.Overall  the Company used $79.6 million of cash in operations  primarily in Research and Development  with the initiation of the VITESSE trial  with the first patient screened in March 2023  preparation activities related to COMFORT studies  as well as an increase in regulatory and pre-commercialization activities. Cash used in operations increased by $23.9 million as of December 2023 compared to December 2022.Cash provided by financing activities decreased by $187.4 million in 2023  compared to 2022. In June of 2022  the Company had completed a private placement financing (“PIPE”) which raised total net proceeds of $194.4 million. The net proceeds from the issuance and sale of new ordinary shares in the form of American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) on June 16  2023  totaled $6.9 million.The Company also benefitted from a favorable exchange rate in the amount of $5.9 million.Operating income amounts to $15.7 million as of December 31  2023  an increase of $10.9 million compared to $4.8. million as of December 31  2022  mainly due to:A $7.8 million increase in other operating income from revenues recognized as part of the Development  Collaboration  and Licensing Agreement with Nestlé Health Science (the “Nestlé Collaboration Agreement”)  which terminated on October 30 th   2023.  2023. Research Tax Credit increase by $3.0 million. As of December 31  2023  the Company filed an additional research tax credit claim for the years 2020  2021 and 2022.Operating income  excluding revenues from the Nestlé  Collaboration  Agreement amounts to $8.8 million.Operating expenses amount to $92.2 million as of December 31  2023  compared to $101.5 million as of December 31  2022  a decrease of $9.3 million due to:(1) A $15.3 million decrease in Research and Development expenses  composed of:A $30.7 million favorable impact due to the termination of Nestlé Collaboration Agreement (primarily the reversal of the loss on completion accrual by $17.6 million in 2023 compared to a $10.4 million loss on completion accrual as of December 31st  2022). An increase of $15.4 million in Research and Development expenses reflecting intensified Research and Development activities following the initiation of the VITESSE trial  with the first patient screened in March 2023  as well as preparations for COMFORT.(2) A $5.2million increase in General and Administrative expenses  primarily due to $2.8 million in external services fees incurred in the Company’s financing activities.(3) A $0.8 million increase in Sales and Marketing expenses related to pre-commercialization activities for Viaskin Peanut in North America.Operating expenses totaled $107.3 million as of December 31  2023. when excluding the loss on completion accrual reversal from the Nestlé Collaboration Agreement.DBV recorded a net loss of $72.7 million as of December 31  2023  compared to a net loss of $96.3 million as of December 31  2022.On a per share basis  net loss (based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding over the period) is $0.76 as of December 31  2023.Excluding the Nestlé Collaboration Agreement termination  net loss as of December 31  2023  would amount to $94.7 million.The Company has incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of the date of the filing  the Company’s available cash and cash equivalents are not projected to be sufficient to support its operating plan for at least the next 12 months. As such  there is substantial doubt regarding the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.Based on current operations  as well as plans and assumptions  the Company expects that its balance of cash and cash equivalents of $141 4 million as of December 31  2023  will be sufficient to fund its operations until December 31 2024.The Company intends to seek additional capital through debt and equity offerings as it continues research and development efforts and prepares for the launch of Viaskin Peanut  if approved.Conference Call InformationDBV will host a live conference call and webcast today at 5:00 p.m. ET to discuss full year 2023 financial results and provide a business update. The conference call may be accessed by dialing:• United States: 1-844-481-2866• International: 1-412-317-1859A webcast of the call will also be available under ""Events"" in the Investors section of the DBV Technologies website: https://dbv-technologies.com/investor-overviewithevents. A replay of the presentation will also be available on DBV’s website after the event.Cash and Cash EquivalentsIn millions of USDUS GAAP IFRS Year ended December 31  Year ended December 31  2023 2022 2023 2022 Net cash & cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 209 2 77 3 209 2 77 3 Net increase/(decrease) in cash & cash equivalents  of which: (67 8) 131 9 (67 8) 131 9 Net cash flow used in operating activities (79 6) (55 7) (77 6) (51 4) Net cash flow used in investing activities (0 8) (0 1) (0 8) (0 1) Net cash flow provided by / ((used in) financing activities 6 7 194 1 4 8 189 9 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash & cash equivalents 5 9 (6 5) 5 8 (6 5) Net cash & cash equivalents at the end of the period 141 4 209 2 141.2 209 2Operating incomeIn millions of USDUS GAAP IFRS Year ended December 31  Year ended December 31  2023 2022 Variation 2023 2022 Variation Research tax credit 8 8 5 7 +3 0 +53% 8 8 5 7 +3 0 +53% Other operating income 6 9 (0 9) +7 8 -896% 6 9 (0 9) +7 8 -896% Operating income 15 7 4 8 +10 9 +225% 15 7 4 8 +10 9 +225%Operating expensesIn millions of USDUS GAAP IFRS Year ended December 31  Year ended December 31  2023 2022 Variation 2023 2022 Variation Research & Development 60 2 75 5 -15 3 -20% 60 1 75 2 -15 1 -20% Sales & Marketing 2 4 1 6 +0 8 +52% 2 4 1 6 +0 8 +56% General & Administrative 29 5 24 3 +5 2 +21% 29 5 24 2 +5 2 +22% Total operating expenses 92 2 101 5 -9 3 -9% 92 0 101 0 -9 0 -9% including internal compensation 29 2 24 0 +5 2 +22% 29 3 24 0 +5 3 +22%Net Loss and Net Loss per ShareUS GAAP IFRS Year ended December 31  Year ended December 31  2023 2022 Variation 2023 2022 Variation Net (loss) in millions of USD (72 7) (96 3) +23 5 -24% (72 7) (96 0) +23 1 -24% Basic / diluted net (loss) per share in USD (0 76) (1 24) +0 5 -38% (0 76) (1 24) +0 5 -38%About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need. DBV is currently focused on investigating the use of its proprietary technology platform  Viaskin™  to address food allergies  which are caused by a hypersensitive immune reaction and characterized by a range of symptoms varying in severity from mild to life-threatening anaphylaxis. Millions of people live with food allergies  including young children. Through epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT™)  the Viaskin platform is designed to introduce microgram amounts of a biologically active compound to the immune system through intact skin. EPIT is a new class of non-invasive treatment that seeks to modify an individual’s underlying allergy by re-educating the immune system to become desensitized to allergen by leveraging the skin’s immune tolerizing properties. DBV is committed to transforming the care of food allergic people. The Company’s food allergy programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut in peanut allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years of age) and children (4 through 7 years of age).DBV Technologies is headquartered in Montrouge  France  with North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).For more information  please visit www.dbvtechnologies.com and engage with us on X (formerly Twitter) and LinkedIn.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding DBV’s forecast of its cash runway  the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut and EPIT™  designs of DBV’s anticipated clinical trials  DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies  and the outcome of any litigation. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  and DBV’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in DBV’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including in DBV’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the SEC on March 7  2024  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by DBV. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Viaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologieskatie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAurora KrauseDBV Technologiesaurora.krause-ext@dbv-technologies.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Financial Results', 'DBV Technologies Reports', 'Business Update', 'Advanced Viaskin™ Peanut clinical development programs', 'two Viaskin Peanut clinical development programs', 'two supplemental six-month safety trials', 'U.S. GAAP financial statements', 'two distinct age groups', 'new European Commission directive', 'circular Viaskin Peanut patch', 'significant unmet medical need', 'supplemental six-month safety studies', 'six-month supplemental safety trial', 'robust continued treatment effect', 'IFRS consolidated financial statements', 'U.S GAAP', 'Clinical Trials Regulation', 'Full Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Financial statements comments', 'final clinical pieces', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'executive leadership team', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'other immunologic conditions', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'next several months', 'Biologics License Applications', 'minimum wear time', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'New England Journal', 'The American College', 'Immunology annual meeting', 'Dr. Kevin Malobisky', 'peer-reviewed scientific journals', 'upcoming scientific conferences', 'lease accounting standards', 'Screen last patient', 'novel treatment option', 'additional efficacy studies', 'Chief Operations Officer', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'DBV Technologies Reports', 'clinical portion', 'protocol development', 'two separate', 'two BLAs', 'Financial Highlights', 'US GAAP', 'robust packages', 'new data', 'COMFORT studies', 'peanut allergy', 'safety study', 'interim safety', 'safety data', '85 trial sites', 'two years', 'significant progress', 'significant burden', 'full day', 'study results', 'first patient', 'treatment options', 'Phase 3 efficacy', 'active treatment', 'VITESSE trial', 'Business Update', 'food allergies', 'audit procedures', 'statutory auditors', 'Form 10-K', 'Daniel Tassé', 'good momentum', 'Mr. Tassé', '2023 Operational Highlights', '1 to 3-year', '4 to 7-year-olds', 'protocol language', 'North America', 'accompanying editorial', 'Good News', 'efficacy data', 'open-label extension', 'Virginie Boucinha', 'Anticipated 2024 Events', 'top-line efficacy', 'net decrease', 'peanut-allergic toddlers', 'COMFORT Toddlers', 'EPITOPE results', 'COMFORT Children', 'peanut-allergic children', 'preparation activities', 'cash equivalents', 'Vitesse recruitment', 'three years', 'toddlers ages', 'BLA submission', '600 children', '3 years', '7 years', 'BLA.', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'March', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'financials', 'purpose', 'Board', 'Directors', 'enrollment', 'delays', 'countries', 'Q3', 'FDA', 'families', 'daily', 'initiation', 'Number', 'participants', 'simplified', 'reference', 'Australia', 'Medicine', 'Asthma', 'appointment', 'PhD.', 'support', 'Initiate', 'manuscripts', 'reviews', 'abstracts', 'Differences', 'discrepancies', 'December', 'Research', 'increase']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37163,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6128445208180463,Group Financial Results as of December 31st 2023 Approved  Strong Margin Expansion and Excess Cash Generation at Euro 601 Million  Euro 500 Million Share Buy-Back Program,2023 guidance delivered             Revenues at &#x20AC; 3 361.7 million         in FY23  +7.0% Y/Y             EBITDA at &#x20AC; 1 751.8 million in FY23  +10.0% Y/Y  with c. +146 bps EBITDA margin expansion             Strong Excess cash generation g...,"Group Financial Results as of December 31st 2023 Approved  Strong Margin Expansion and Excess Cash Generation at € 601 Million  € 500 Million Share Buy-Back Program2023 guidance deliveredRevenues at € 3 361.7 million in FY23  +7.0% Y/YEBITDA at € 1 751.8 million in FY23  +10.0% Y/Y  with c. +146 bps EBITDA margin expansionStrong Excess cash generation growth  at more than € 600 million in FY232024 Guidance confirming continued margin expansion and strong cash generation growth despite a challenging macro outlookUp to € 500 million share buy-back program over 18 months to be proposed to the next Shareholders’ MeetingNon-cash technical impairment of goodwill and intangibles for € 1 256.8 millionThe Board of Directors of Nexi S.p.A. approved on March 6 th the Group’s consolidated financial results as of December 31 st 2023.""In 2023  we have continued our growth journey across all geographies  we have further increased our margins  and significantly accelerated cash generation. Additionally  we have made further progress in product innovation  in the modernization of our technological platforms  in the strengthening of our skills  and in the integration of our organization  which allows us to further accelerate efficiency and synergies "" commented Paolo Bertoluzzo  CEO of Nexi Group. ""Looking ahead  despite a still uncertain macroeconomic outlook  we expect to continue to expand our margins and significantly increase the cash generation  returning to accelerate revenues in the medium term  also thanks to new drivers of growth such as eCommerce  Germany  and Spain  which we recently acquired. Given this outlook  we are entering a new phase in terms of capital allocation: we have decided to initiate the process of returning capital to our shareholders  while continuing the ongoing reduction of financial leverage and sustaining the investments in the organic development of the business. For this reason  we will propose to the Shareholders' General Meeting to start a significant buy-back program  with the conviction that this is the most effective way to create value for our shareholders in this phase. This progress is possible thanks to the continued trust of our Customers  the support of our Partners  and the extraordinary contribution of the People of Nexi.""Key consolidated financial managerial results 1In FY23 the Group delivered revenues at € 3 361.7 million  +7.0% versus FY22  and EBITDA at € 1 751.8 million  +10.0% versus FY22. The EBITDA margin was at 52%  up by 146 basis points compared to FY22  also thanks to the accelerating efficiencies and synergies delivery on the back of Group integration.4Q23 revenues reached € 912.9 million  +6.8% versus 4Q22. 4Q23 EBITDA was at € 484.1 million  +9.7% versus 4Q22  with EBITDA margin at 53%  up by 139 basis points compared to 4Q22.Nexi Group’s operating businesses delivered the following results in FY23:Merchant Solutions  representing approximately 56% of Group's total revenues  reported revenues of € 1 888.6 million  +7.7% Y/Y  with Germany and eCommerce growing double-digit. In FY23  18 524 million transactions were processed  +12.6% Y/Y  with value of processed transactions at € 825.3 billion  +7.6% Y/Y. In FY23 transactions value growth continued across the Group  primarily driven by international schemes. In 4Q23  Merchant Solutions revenues reached € 497.9 million  +6.2% Y/Y.Acquiring volumes 2 in 4Q23 increased mid-single digit Y/Y in Italy and the Nordics  while in the DACH region they recorded a strong double-digit Y/Y growth. In January and February  acquiring volumes continued their solid Y/Y growth across geographies  despite the overall macro weakness.The main initiatives realized in Merchant Solutions during 4Q23 include:Extension of Group SME propositions across countries  including the SmartPOS being launched in the Nordics and SmartPay extension accelerating in new markets;New strategic premium partnership at group level with WooCommerce  on top of the already signed similar advanced partnerships with key European e-commerce enablers (i.e.  Magento  Shopware and Prestashop);Extension of Group LAKA vertical propositions: solid pipeline of new customers wins and up/cross selling across multiple geographies and verticals (e.g. omni-channel retail  hospitality  EV charging/petrol).Issuing Solutions  representing approximately 32% of Group's total revenues  reported revenues of € 1 090.1 million in FY23  +7.6% Y/Y  and € 300.8 million in 4Q23  +9.5% Y/Y. The growth was mainly supported by the success of international debit in Italy and by the already expected non-recurring contribution related to banks’ M&A  phasing and projects in Italy. In FY23  19 290 million transactions were processed  +10.8% Y/Y  with value of processed transactions at € 888.0 billion  +8.2% Y/Y.Digital Banking Solutions  representing approximately 11% of Group's total revenues  reported revenues of € 383.0 million  +1.8% Y/Y.In 4Q23  Digital Banking Solutions reached € 114.3 million of revenues  +2.9% Y/Y  sustained by volume growth and new initiatives.In FY23  Total Costs were at € 1 609.9 million  with a limited growth of 3.8% Y/Y despite volume growth and inflationary pressure  mainly due to the operating leverage and to the several synergies and efficiencies  on the back of Group integration. In 4Q23 Total Costs were at € 428.8 million  +3.7% versus 4Q22.Total Capex 3 were at € 496 million in FY23  equal to 15% net revenues  decreasing from € 520 million in FY22  down 4.6 p.p. Y/Y. In particular  € 386 million were related to the ordinary innovation of products and services  maintenance of high-quality services and security  POS and ATM purchase  and € 110 million were related to transformation and integration initiatives  with a small portion left to be completed in 2024.Continued strong reduction of transformation and integration costs at € 116.1 million in FY23  down 24% versus FY22. Non-recurring items below EBITDA Reported (shown in the Annex) at € 1 458.3 million in FY23 and are affected by the technical non-cash impairment charge to the carrying value of goodwill and intangibles of € 1 256.8 million  reflecting the share price evolution and the current markets conditions.Normalised net profit 4 in FY23 was € 711.8 million  with normalised EPS at 0.54 € up by 4.9% Y/Y. The reported Group loss for FY23 Reported (shown in the Annex) is equal to € 1 006.0 million  following the above mentioned technical non cash impairment.The excess cash generation 5 was equal to € 601.1 6 million in FY23  confirming a strong growth.As of December 31 st 2023  the Net Financial Debt was down to € 5 262 million  while the Net Financial Debt / EBITDA ratio decreased at 3.0x  down -0.3x vs FY22. The weighted average debt maturity is ~3.1 years with an average pre-tax cash cost of debt  broadly stable versus 3Q23  of ~2.86%.Share buy-backThe substantial existing cash balances and the strong current and expected cash generation growth allow to start returning capital to Shareholders in 2024  while still continuing to support the planned debt reduction and the limited M&A opportunities in the future.Nexi’s management and the Board believe that the current share price does not reflect the full value of our business and its outlook and that a share buy-back offers the most effective value creating opportunity for the shareholders to deploy the excess cash.Therefore  Nexi’s Board has resolved to propose an 18 months share buy-back program up to 500 €M (equal to ~13% free float) at the next Shareholders' meeting on April 30th  2024.In the longer term  Nexi plans to continue to allocate a material portion of excess capital to shareholders either through further share buy-back programs or dividends depending on overall market conditions.2024 GuidanceFor 2024  considering the persistent complex macro outlook  Nexi announces the following targets:Net revenues: Mid-single digit Y/Y growth;EBITDA: Mid-to-high single digit Y/Y growth  with margin expansion of 100 bps+;Excess cash generation: More than 700 €M;Net leverage: decreasing to below 2.9x including announced M&A and share buy-back effects  (~2.6x on organic basis).Updated medium-term outlookNexi  assuming the continued robust cash-to-digital payments conversion in the key geographies where the Group is present and a gradual macro recovery in the medium term  foresees:Revenues gradually re-accelerating from mid-single digit Y/Y growth;EBITDA margin continuously expanding by ~100 bps+ per year;Continued strong organic cash generation growth  expected to reach ~1 €B in 2026;Target leverage at ~2.0x-2.5x EBITDA by 2026 after further capital return to shareholders (~1.5x on organic basis).ESG ProgressThe continuous progress within the scope of ESG has been acknowledged with important international recognitions throughout 2023  highlighting Nexi’s commitment to be NetZero by 2040 across the entire Group and to apply the same standards to the entire value chain  as well as its responsible approach to business  grounded in risk mitigation and a culture of diversity and inclusion.* * *Pursuant to paragraph 2 of article 154 bis of the Consolidated Finance Act  the undersigned  Enrico Marchini  in his capacity as the manager in charge of preparing Nexi’s financial reports  declares that the accounting information contained in this press release corresponds to the accounting documents  books and records of Nexi S.p.A..Reported results under review by PricewaterhouseCoopers.* * *Disclaimer: This is the English translation of the original Italian press release “Approvati i risultati finanziari di Gruppo al 31 dicembre 2023”. In any case of discrepancy between the English and the Italian versions  the original Italian document is to be given priority of interpretation for legal purposes.NexiNexi is Europe's PayTech company operating in high-growth  attractive European markets and technologically advanced countries. Listed on Euronext Milan  Nexi has the scale  geographic reach and abilities to drive the transition to a cashless Europe. With its portfolio of innovative products  e-commerce expertise and industry-specific solutions  Nexi provides flexible support for the digital economy and the entire payment ecosystem globally  across a broad range of different payment channels and methods. Nexi’s technological platform and the best-in-class professional skills in the sector enable the company to operate at its best in three market segments: Merchant Solutions  Issuing Solutions and Digital Banking Solutions. Nexi constantly invests in technology and innovation  focusing on two fundamental principles: meeting  together with its partner banks  customer needs and creating new business opportunities for them. Nexi is committed to supporting people and businesses of all sizes  transforming the way people pay and businesses accept payments. It offers companies the most innovative and reliable solutions to better serve their customers and expand. By simplifying payments and enabling people and businesses to build closer relationships and grow together  Nexi promotes progress to benefit everyone. www.nexi.it/en www.nexigroup.comFY 2023 P&L – Reported vs NormalisedReported data at current FX with ISP merchant book acquisition in Croatia consolidated from February 28 th 2023. Normalised data pro-forma for M&A (i.e. ISP merchant book acquisition in Croatia consolidated from January 1 st 2023)  at constant FX and excluding non‐recurring items and other one-offs (e.g. D&A of customer contracts).Income StatementBalance Sheet________________________1 2022 and 2023 pro-forma normalised managerial data at constant FX and scope (i.e. ISP merchant book acquisition in Croatia).2 Volumes data include sales  International schemes and exclude SIA. For Italy: data also include national schemes for ISP merchant book only. For Nordics and DACH region: data include regular business and exclude non-card based transactions from e-commerce.3 Managerial figure.4 Net profit to which non-recurring items and D&A customer contracts are added back net of taxes.5 Operating cash flow generation after cash interest expenses and other cash items (cash taxes  IFRS 16 and other)6 Gross of ~100 €M deferred taxes.+27% y/y growth between ~500 €M excess cash in FY23 (net of the previously mentioned deferred taxes) and 394 €M excess cash in FY22.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240306404390/en/Nexi - External Communication & Media RelationsDaniele de Sanctisdaniele.desanctis@nexigroup.comMobile: +39 346/015.1000Matteo Abbondanzamatteo.abbondanza@nexigroup.comMobile: +39.348/406.8858Søren Wingesoeren.winge@nexigroup.comMobile: +45 29 48 26 35Danja Giacomindanja.giacomin@nexigroup.comMobile: +39.334/225.6777Nexi - Investor RelationsStefania Mantegazzastefania.mantegazza@nexigroup.comMobile: +39.335.5805703Direct: +39 02/3488.8216",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.42,0.38,0.2,True,English,"['500 Million Share Buy-Back Program', 'Group Financial Results', 'Strong Margin Expansion', 'Excess Cash Generation', 'Euro 601 Million', 'December', 'Key consolidated financial managerial results', 'Strong Excess cash generation growth', 'key European e-commerce enablers', 'New strategic premium partnership', '500 Million Share Buy-Back Program', 'Nexi S.p.A.', 'Group LAKA vertical propositions', 'strong cash generation growth', '+146 bps EBITDA margin expansion', 'strong double-digit Y/Y growth', 'significant buy-back program', 'Strong Margin Expansion', 'banks’ M&A', 'Non-cash technical impairment', 'overall macro weakness', 'similar advanced partnerships', 'continued margin expansion', 'Digital Banking Solutions', 'Group SME propositions', 'challenging macro outlook', 'uncertain macroeconomic outlook', 'next Shareholders’ Meeting', ""Shareholders' General Meeting"", 'FY23 transactions value growth', 'Group Financial Results', 'solid Y/Y growth', 'Merchant Solutions revenues', 'financial leverage', 'following results', '18,524 million transactions', '19,290 million transactions', 'growth journey', 'volume growth', 'continued trust', 'solid pipeline', 'Issuing Solutions', 'new drivers', 'new markets', 'new initiativ', 'Nexi Group', 'product innovation', 'technological platforms', 'Paolo Bertoluzzo', 'medium term', 'ongoing reduction', 'organic development', 'effective way', 'extraordinary contribution', '146 basis points', 'accelerating efficiencies', '139 basis points', 'operating businesses', 'international schemes', 'mid-single digit', 'DACH region', 'main initiatives', 'omni-channel retail', 'EV charging', 'international debit', 'non-recurring contribution', 'group level', 'new phase', 'new customers', 'December 31st', 'capital allocation', 'synergies delivery', 'total revenues', 'Group integration', 'SmartPay extension', 'multiple geographies', '4Q23 EBITDA', '4Q23 revenues', '2023 guidance', 'c.', '2024 Guidance', '18 months', 'goodwill', 'intangibles', 'Board', 'Directors', 'March', 'margins', 'progress', 'modernization', 'strengthening', 'skills', 'organization', 'efficiency', 'CEO', 'eCommerce', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'terms', 'process', 'investments', 'reason', 'conviction', 'support', 'People', 'FY22', '4Q22', 'volumes', 'Italy', 'Nordics', 'January', 'February', 'countries', 'SmartPOS', 'WooCommerce', 'top', 'Magento', 'Shopware', 'Prestashop', 'wins', 'verticals', 'hospitality', 'petrol', 'success', 'phasing', 'projects']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,investorsobserver.com
37164,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2841940/0/en/ING-publishes-2023-Annual-Report.html,ING publishes 2023 Annual Report,ING publishes 2023 Annual Report  ING today published its 2023 Annual Report  giving stakeholders an insight into our strategy  business activities and......,ING publishes 2023 Annual ReportING today published its 2023 Annual Report  giving stakeholders an insight into our strategy  business activities and performance over the past year. Our activities are presented in the context of our strategic priorities: providing a superior customer experience and putting sustainability at the heart of what we do.“It is fair to say that 2023 was a challenging year on many counts: geopolitical and economic shocks  supply-chain disruptions  inflationary pressures  climate-related and other natural disasters  wars  and the continuing trend of societal and political fragmentation across the globe. Against this backdrop  we are proud that we were able to navigate these conditions successfully  make good progress on our strategy  and deliver a set of strong financial results ” said CEO Steven van Rijswijk and chairman Karl Guha in their message to shareholders  clients  colleagues  and other stakeholders.The report includes further enhanced disclosures around our climate ambition and our efforts to support customers in their sustainable transitions. Also  we included a dedicated ESG section ahead of the introduction of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive that will be mandatory starting in 2025. During the past year  we further sharpened a number of policies  including restricting financing of mining and use of coal for steel making and on the gradual phasing out of financing upstream oil and gas activities towards 2040. We worked with industry experts and others to create a financing framework for the aluminium industry  in line with earlier established standards for steel and shipping. In addition  we announced our aim to to triple our financing of renewable energy to €7.5 billion per annum by 2025  up from our target set in 2022 of €2.5 billion.We also report on the four areas enabling us to execute our strategy: providing a seamless digital experience  using our scalable tech and ops  staying safe and secure and unlocking our people’s full potential. On the latter  the report highlights our commitment to diversity  inclusion and belonging  including an analysis of ING’s gender pay gap. While we made progress by increasing the representation of women in senior management positions from 29% to 31%  we realise there is still more to be done  especially about the under-representation of women in leadership positions  which will also help address the existing gender pay gap.The report also features sections on Risk Management  Corporate Governance  and the definitive consolidated and parent company financial statements. The 2023 Annual Report is available to download on ing.com  along with the 2023 ING Bank Annual Report  Pillar III Report  and other relevant documents.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news X feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in July 2023. As of December 2023  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence) (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.28,0.49,True,English,"['2023 Annual Report', 'ING', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'CEO Steven van Rijswijk', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'existing gender pay gap', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', 'parent company financial statements', 'Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', '2023 ING Bank Annual Report', 'earlier established standards', 'strong financial results', 'global financial institution', 'ING Group shares', 'superior customer experience', 'chairman Karl Guha', 'seamless digital experience', 'Frequent news updates', 'same accounting principles', 'other natural disasters', 'dedicated ESG section', 'other relevant documents', 'ESG index products', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'ESG material risk', 'The 2023 Annual Report', 'Pillar III Report', 'wholesale banking services', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Important legal information', 'senior management positions', 'Investor enquiries', 'definitive consolidated', 'financial information', 'ESG) rating', 'leadership positions', 'Corporate Governance', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ING US', 'other stakeholders', 'Risk Management', 'past year', 'strategic priorities', 'challenging year', 'many counts', 'economic shocks', 'supply-chain disruptions', 'inflationary pressures', 'continuing trend', 'political fragmentation', 'climate ambition', 'sustainable transitions', 'gradual phasing', 'upstream oil', 'industry experts', 'aluminium industry', 'renewable energy', 'four areas', 'scalable tech', 'full potential', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'gas activities', 'good progress', 'steel making', 'financing framework', 'business activities', 'insight', 'strategy', 'performance', 'context', 'heart', 'geopolitical', 'climate-related', 'wars', 'societal', 'globe', 'backdrop', 'conditions', 'set', 'message', 'shareholders', 'clients', 'colleagues', 'enhanced', 'disclosures', 'efforts', 'customers', 'introduction', 'number', 'policies', 'mining', 'coal', 'others', 'line', 'shipping', 'addition', 'aim', 'target', 'ops', 'people', 'commitment', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'belonging', 'analysis', 'representation', 'women', 'sections', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'purpose', 'life', '60,000 employees', 'retail', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'MSCI', 'July', 'December', 'Sustainalytics', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'unc']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37165,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXI-S-P-A-57291674/news/Group-Financial-Results-as-of-December-31st-2023-Approved-Strong-Margin-Expansion-and-Excess-Cash-G-46108728/,Group Financial Results as of December 31st 2023 Approved  Strong Margin Expansion and Excess Cash Generation at  601 Million   500 Million Share Buy-Back Program,(marketscreener.com) 2023 guidance deliveredRevenues at € 3 361.7 million in FY23  +7.0% Y/YEBITDA at € 1 751.8 million in FY23  +10.0% Y/Y  with c. +146 bps EBITDA margin expansionStrong Excess cash generation growth  at more than € 600 million…,"2023 guidance delivered Revenues at € 3 361.7 million in FY23  +7.0% Y/Y EBITDA at € 1 751.8 million in FY23  +10.0% Y/Y  with c. +146 bps EBITDA margin expansion Strong Excess cash generation growth  at more than € 600 million in FY23 2024 Guidance confirming continued margin expansion and strong cash generation growth despite a challenging macro outlook Up to € 500 million share buy-back program over 18 months to be proposed to the next Shareholders’ Meeting Non-cash technical impairment of goodwill and intangibles for € 1 256.8 millionThe Board of Directors of Nexi S.p.A. approved on March 6th the Group’s consolidated financial results as of December 31st 2023.""In 2023  we have continued our growth journey across all geographies  we have further increased our margins  and significantly accelerated cash generation. Additionally  we have made further progress in product innovation  in the modernization of our technological platforms  in the strengthening of our skills  and in the integration of our organization  which allows us to further accelerate efficiency and synergies "" commented Paolo Bertoluzzo  CEO of Nexi Group. ""Looking ahead  despite a still uncertain macroeconomic outlook  we expect to continue to expand our margins and significantly increase the cash generation  returning to accelerate revenues in the medium term  also thanks to new drivers of growth such as eCommerce  Germany  and Spain  which we recently acquired. Given this outlook  we are entering a new phase in terms of capital allocation: we have decided to initiate the process of returning capital to our shareholders  while continuing the ongoing reduction of financial leverage and sustaining the investments in the organic development of the business. For this reason  we will propose to the Shareholders' General Meeting to start a significant buy-back program  with the conviction that this is the most effective way to create value for our shareholders in this phase. This progress is possible thanks to the continued trust of our Customers  the support of our Partners  and the extraordinary contribution of the People of Nexi.""Key consolidated financial managerial results1In FY23 the Group delivered revenues at € 3 361.7 million  +7.0% versus FY22  and EBITDA at € 1 751.8 million  +10.0% versus FY22. The EBITDA margin was at 52%  up by 146 basis points compared to FY22  also thanks to the accelerating efficiencies and synergies delivery on the back of Group integration.4Q23 revenues reached € 912.9 million  +6.8% versus 4Q22. 4Q23 EBITDA was at € 484.1 million  +9.7% versus 4Q22  with EBITDA margin at 53%  up by 139 basis points compared to 4Q22.Nexi Group’s operating businesses delivered the following results in FY23:Merchant Solutions  representing approximately 56% of Group's total revenues  reported revenues of € 1 888.6 million  +7.7% Y/Y  with Germany and eCommerce growing double-digit. In FY23  18 524 million transactions were processed  +12.6% Y/Y  with value of processed transactions at € 825.3 billion  +7.6% Y/Y. In FY23 transactions value growth continued across the Group  primarily driven by international schemes. In 4Q23  Merchant Solutions revenues reached € 497.9 million  +6.2% Y/Y.Acquiring volumes2 in 4Q23 increased mid-single digit Y/Y in Italy and the Nordics  while in the DACH region they recorded a strong double-digit Y/Y growth. In January and February  acquiring volumes continued their solid Y/Y growth across geographies  despite the overall macro weakness.The main initiatives realized in Merchant Solutions during 4Q23 include:Extension of Group SME propositions across countries  including the SmartPOS being launched in the Nordics and SmartPay extension accelerating in new markets;New strategic premium partnership at group level with WooCommerce  on top of the already signed similar advanced partnerships with key European e-commerce enablers (i.e.  Magento  Shopware and Prestashop);Extension of Group LAKA vertical propositions: solid pipeline of new customers wins and up/cross selling across multiple geographies and verticals (e.g. omni-channel retail  hospitality  EV charging/petrol).Issuing Solutions  representing approximately 32% of Group's total revenues  reported revenues of € 1 090.1 million in FY23  +7.6% Y/Y  and € 300.8 million in 4Q23  +9.5% Y/Y. The growth was mainly supported by the success of international debit in Italy and by the already expected non-recurring contribution related to banks’ M&A  phasing and projects in Italy. In FY23  19 290 million transactions were processed  +10.8% Y/Y  with value of processed transactions at € 888.0 billion  +8.2% Y/Y.Digital Banking Solutions  representing approximately 11% of Group's total revenues  reported revenues of € 383.0 million  +1.8% Y/Y.In 4Q23  Digital Banking Solutions reached € 114.3 million of revenues  +2.9% Y/Y  sustained by volume growth and new initiatives.In FY23  Total Costs were at € 1 609.9 million  with a limited growth of 3.8% Y/Y despite volume growth and inflationary pressure  mainly due to the operating leverage and to the several synergies and efficiencies  on the back of Group integration. In 4Q23 Total Costs were at € 428.8 million  +3.7% versus 4Q22.Total Capex3 were at € 496 million in FY23  equal to 15% net revenues  decreasing from € 520 million in FY22  down 4.6 p.p. Y/Y. In particular  € 386 million were related to the ordinary innovation of products and services  maintenance of high-quality services and security  POS and ATM purchase  and € 110 million were related to transformation and integration initiatives  with a small portion left to be completed in 2024.Continued strong reduction of transformation and integration costs at € 116.1 million in FY23  down 24% versus FY22. Non-recurring items below EBITDA Reported (shown in the Annex) at € 1 458.3 million in FY23 and are affected by the technical non-cash impairment charge to the carrying value of goodwill and intangibles of € 1 256.8 million  reflecting the share price evolution and the current markets conditions.Normalised net profit4 in FY23 was € 711.8 million  with normalised EPS at 0.54 € up by 4.9% Y/Y. The reported Group loss for FY23 Reported (shown in the Annex) is equal to € 1 006.0 million  following the above mentioned technical non cash impairment.The excess cash generation5 was equal to € 601.16 million in FY23  confirming a strong growth.As of December 31st 2023  the Net Financial Debt was down to € 5 262 million  while the Net Financial Debt / EBITDA ratio decreased at 3.0x  down -0.3x vs FY22. The weighted average debt maturity is ~3.1 years with an average pre-tax cash cost of debt  broadly stable versus 3Q23  of ~2.86%.Share buy-backThe substantial existing cash balances and the strong current and expected cash generation growth allow to start returning capital to Shareholders in 2024  while still continuing to support the planned debt reduction and the limited M&A opportunities in the future.Nexi’s management and the Board believe that the current share price does not reflect the full value of our business and its outlook and that a share buy-back offers the most effective value creating opportunity for the shareholders to deploy the excess cash.Therefore  Nexi’s Board has resolved to propose an 18 months share buy-back program up to 500 €M (equal to ~13% free float) at the next Shareholders' meeting on April 30th  2024.In the longer term  Nexi plans to continue to allocate a material portion of excess capital to shareholders either through further share buy-back programs or dividends depending on overall market conditions.2024 GuidanceFor 2024  considering the persistent complex macro outlook  Nexi announces the following targets:Net revenues: Mid-single digit Y/Y growth;EBITDA: Mid-to-high single digit Y/Y growth  with margin expansion of 100 bps+;Excess cash generation: More than 700 €M;Net leverage: decreasing to below 2.9x including announced M&A and share buy-back effects  (~2.6x on organic basis).Updated medium-term outlookNexi  assuming the continued robust cash-to-digital payments conversion in the key geographies where the Group is present and a gradual macro recovery in the medium term  foresees:Revenues gradually re-accelerating from mid-single digit Y/Y growth;EBITDA margin continuously expanding by ~100 bps+ per year;Continued strong organic cash generation growth  expected to reach ~1 €B in 2026;Target leverage at ~2.0x-2.5x EBITDA by 2026 after further capital return to shareholders (~1.5x on organic basis).ESG ProgressThe continuous progress within the scope of ESG has been acknowledged with important international recognitions throughout 2023  highlighting Nexi’s commitment to be NetZero by 2040 across the entire Group and to apply the same standards to the entire value chain  as well as its responsible approach to business  grounded in risk mitigation and a culture of diversity and inclusion.* * *Pursuant to paragraph 2 of article 154 bis of the Consolidated Finance Act  the undersigned  Enrico Marchini  in his capacity as the manager in charge of preparing Nexi’s financial reports  declares that the accounting information contained in this press release corresponds to the accounting documents  books and records of Nexi S.p.A..Reported results under review by PricewaterhouseCoopers.* * *Disclaimer: This is the English translation of the original Italian press release “Approvati i risultati finanziari di Gruppo al 31 dicembre 2023”. In any case of discrepancy between the English and the Italian versions  the original Italian document is to be given priority of interpretation for legal purposes.NexiNexi is Europe's PayTech company operating in high-growth  attractive European markets and technologically advanced countries. Listed on Euronext Milan  Nexi has the scale  geographic reach and abilities to drive the transition to a cashless Europe. With its portfolio of innovative products  e-commerce expertise and industry-specific solutions  Nexi provides flexible support for the digital economy and the entire payment ecosystem globally  across a broad range of different payment channels and methods. Nexi’s technological platform and the best-in-class professional skills in the sector enable the company to operate at its best in three market segments: Merchant Solutions  Issuing Solutions and Digital Banking Solutions. Nexi constantly invests in technology and innovation  focusing on two fundamental principles: meeting  together with its partner banks  customer needs and creating new business opportunities for them. Nexi is committed to supporting people and businesses of all sizes  transforming the way people pay and businesses accept payments. It offers companies the most innovative and reliable solutions to better serve their customers and expand. By simplifying payments and enabling people and businesses to build closer relationships and grow together  Nexi promotes progress to benefit everyone. www.nexi.it/en www.nexigroup.comFY 2023 P&L – Reported vs NormalisedReported data at current FX with ISP merchant book acquisition in Croatia consolidated from February 28th 2023. Normalised data pro-forma for M&A (i.e. ISP merchant book acquisition in Croatia consolidated from January 1st 2023)  at constant FX and excluding non‐recurring items and other one-offs (e.g. D&A of customer contracts).Income StatementBalance Sheet________________________1 2022 and 2023 pro-forma normalised managerial data at constant FX and scope (i.e. ISP merchant book acquisition in Croatia).2 Volumes data include sales  International schemes and exclude SIA. For Italy: data also include national schemes for ISP merchant book only. For Nordics and DACH region: data include regular business and exclude non-card based transactions from e-commerce.3 Managerial figure.4 Net profit to which non-recurring items and D&A customer contracts are added back net of taxes.5 Operating cash flow generation after cash interest expenses and other cash items (cash taxes  IFRS 16 and other)6 Gross of ~100 €M deferred taxes.+27% y/y growth between ~500 €M excess cash in FY23 (net of the previously mentioned deferred taxes) and 394 €M excess cash in FY22.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240306404390/en/",neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,positive,0.72,0.26,0.02,True,English,"['500 Million Share Buy-Back Program', 'Group Financial Results', 'Strong Margin Expansion', 'Excess Cash Generation', 'December', 'next Shareholders’ Meeting Non-cash technical impairment', 'Key consolidated financial managerial results1', 'Strong Excess cash generation growth', 'key European e-commerce enablers', 'New strategic premium partnership', 'Nexi S.p.A.', '€ 500 million share buy-back program', 'strong cash generation growth', 'Group LAKA vertical propositions', '+146 bps EBITDA margin expansion', 'strong double-digit Y/Y growth', ""Shareholders' General Meeting"", 'significant buy-back program', 'banks’ M&A', 'overall macro weakness', 'similar advanced partnerships', 'continued margin expansion', 'Digital Banking Solutions', 'challenging macro outlook', 'uncertain macroeconomic outlook', 'Group SME propositions', 'solid Y/Y growth', 'FY23 transactions value growth', 'Merchant Solutions revenues', 'financial results', 'financial leverage', 'growth journey', 'volume growth', 'limited growth', '18,524 million transactions', '19,290 million transactions', 'continued trust', 'solid pipeline', 'Issuing Solutions', 'new drivers', 'new markets', 'new initiatives', 'March 6th', 'product innovation', 'technological platforms', 'Paolo Bertoluzzo', 'Nexi Group', 'medium term', 'ongoing reduction', 'organic development', 'effective way', 'extraordinary contribution', '146 basis points', 'accelerating efficiencies', '139 basis points', 'operating businesses', 'following results', 'international schemes', 'mid-single digit', 'DACH region', 'main initiatives', 'omni-channel retail', 'EV charging', 'international debit', 'non-recurring contribution', 'Total Costs', 'inflationary pressure', 'operating leverage', 'new phase', 'new customers', 'group level', 'capital allocation', 'synergies delivery', 'total revenues', '4Q23 EBITDA', 'SmartPay extension', 'multiple geographies', 'Group integration', '4Q23 revenues', '2023 guidance', 'c.', '18 months', 'goodwill', 'intangibles', 'Board', 'Directors', 'December', 'margins', 'progress', 'modernization', 'strengthening', 'skills', 'organization', 'efficiency', 'CEO', 'eCommerce', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'terms', 'process', 'investments', 'reason', 'conviction', 'support', 'People', 'FY22', '4Q22', 'Acquiring', 'volumes2', 'Italy', 'Nordics', 'January', 'February', 'countries', 'SmartPOS', 'WooCommerce', 'top', 'Magento', 'Shopware', 'Prestashop', 'wins', 'verticals', 'hospitality', 'petrol', 'success', 'phasing', 'projects']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37166,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2842711/0/en/argenx-Delivers-on-Promise-to-Transform-Patient-Expectations-in-Autoimmunity-at-American-Academy-of-Neurology-2024-Annual-Meeting.html,argenx Delivers on Promise to Transform Patient Expectations in Autoimmunity at American Academy of Neurology 2024 Annual Meeting,ADHERE data presentation will highlight first potential innovation for CIDP patients in 30 years  Abstracts reflect real-world value and consistent......,ADHERE data presentation will highlight first potential innovation for CIDP patients in 30 yearsAbstracts reflect real-world value and consistent efficacy and safety profile associated with long-term use of VYVGART® and VYVGART® Hytrulo in gMG patientsMarch 7  2024  10:01 pm CETAmsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that eight abstracts  including two oral presentations  featuring clinical trial and real-world data for VYVGART (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) and VYVGART Hytrulo (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc) in rare autoimmune diseases will be presented at the American Academy of Neurology (AAN) Annual Meeting  taking place in Denver  CO from April 13-18  2024.“We are opening a new chapter for the VYVGART portfolio ” said Luc Truyen  M.D.  Ph.D.  Chief Medical Officer at argenx. “While VYVGART continues to reach more gMG patients globally  we are also striving to bring meaningful benefits to people living with CIDP – a community which has been awaiting innovation for 30 years. We are excited to present a broad set of data at AAN this year that collectively demonstrate how we are delivering on our promise to transform patients’ lives with innovative treatments.”Transforming Autoimmunity by Targeting FcRnFindings from the ADHERE study of VYVGART Hytrulo in chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) will be presented for the first time in an oral presentation during the Clinical Trials Plenary Session  taking place on Tuesday  April 16  2024. These positive data from the ADHERE study have been submitted to the FDA for potential approval of VYVGART Hytrulo in CIDP with a PDUFA target action date of June 21  2024.In addition to the full ADHERE data  the AAN presentations will highlight clinical trial and real-world data showcasing the broad opportunity with VYVGART  a first-in-class neonatal FC receptor (FcRn) inhibitor  and VYVGART Hytrulo  to deliver significant value to the generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) patient community by driving consistent and repeatable improvements across patient subtypes  a favorable and predictable safety profile  and the ability to individualize treatment across both intravenous and subcutaneous administration and dosing schedules.Achievement of MSE enables significant quality of life improvements : ADAPT/ADAPT+ demonstrate that >40% of patients achieve minimal symptom expression (MSE) across both studies. Patients achieving MSE experience quality of life outcomes comparable to healthy populations  suggesting MSE could be a primary goal of gMG treatment.: ADAPT/ADAPT+ demonstrate that >40% of patients achieve minimal symptom expression (MSE) across both studies. Patients achieving MSE experience quality of life outcomes comparable to healthy populations  suggesting MSE could be a primary goal of gMG treatment. Favorable safety profile across IgG-mediated autoimmune diseases: A review of safety findings across multiple studies of VYVGART in IgG-mediated autoimmune diseases showed VYVGART was consistently well tolerated across all indications and doses studied.A review of safety findings across multiple studies of VYVGART in IgG-mediated autoimmune diseases showed VYVGART was consistently well tolerated across all indications and doses studied. ADAPT NXT evaluated additional individualized dosing regimens for initiating long-term treatment: Data from the Phase 3b ADAPT NXT study will provide important guidance on different treatment regimens  which will allow for additional individualization of VYVGART treatment.Data from the Phase 3b ADAPT NXT study will provide important guidance on different treatment regimens  which will allow for additional individualization of VYVGART treatment. Potential for tapering of oral corticosteroids (OCS) post-VYVGART initiation : Long-term OCS use continues to be a significant burden on people living with autoimmune disease and reducing or tapering OCS may alleviate the risk of many adverse events related to long-term usage. Early insights into OCS utilization post-efgartigimod initiation in gMG patients indicate that a substantial proportion reduced OCS usage over the first 6 months of treatment.: Long-term OCS use continues to be a significant burden on people living with autoimmune disease and reducing or tapering OCS may alleviate the risk of many adverse events related to long-term usage. Early insights into OCS utilization post-efgartigimod initiation in gMG patients indicate that a substantial proportion reduced OCS usage over the first 6 months of treatment. Cost-effectiveness of VYVGART compared to chronic intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg): Findings from a cost-effectiveness analysis of VYVGART versus chronic IVIg for the treatment of gMG showed that  over a lifetime  VYVGART provided greater benefit at lowers costs.Details for oral and poster presentations at AAN are as follows:Title Lead Author Presentation Efficacy  Safety  and Tolerability of Efgartigimod in Patients With Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy: Results From the ADHERE TrialJeffrey Allen Oral Presentation during Clinical Trial Plenary SessionTuesday  April 16  9:15-11:30 a.m. MT Real-world Reduction in Oral Corticosteroid Utilization following Efgartigimod Initiation in Patients Living with Generalized Myasthenia GravisNeelam Goyal Oral PresentationWednesday  April 173:42 p.m. MT Cost-effectiveness Analysis of Efgartigimod versus Chronic Intravenous Immunoglobulin (IVIg) for Treatment of Acetylcholine Receptor Antibody Positive (AChR-Ab+) Generalized Myasthenia Gravis (gMG) in CanadaZaeem Siddiqi Poster PresentationMonday  April 1511:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m. MT Overview of the Safety Profile from Efgartigimod Clinical Trials in Participants with Diverse IgG-mediated Autoimmune DiseasesTuan Vu Poster PresentationMonday  April 1511:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m. MT Long-Term Safety  Tolerability  and Efficacy of Subcutaneous Efgartigimod PH20 in Participants With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Interim Results of the ADAPT-SC+ StudyJames Howard Poster PresentationWednesday  April 1711:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m. MT Fixed-Cycle and Continuous Dosing of Intravenous Efgartigimod for Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Study Design of ADAPT NXTVera Bril Poster PresentationWednesday  April 1711:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m. MT Achievement of Minimal Symptom Expression and Effect on Disease-Specific Measures in Acetylcholine Receptor Antibody-Positive Participants With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Treated With Efgartigimod in ADAPT/ADAPT+Srikanth Muppidi Poster PresentationWednesday  April 1711:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m. MT Analysis of Serious Infections and Malignancy Risk in Myasthenia Gravis: a US Claims Database StudyJana Podhorna Poster PresentationWednesday  April 1711:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m. MTMore information on the program is available at AAN.See Important Safety Information below  full United States Prescribing Information for VYVGART and full Prescribing Information for VYVGART Hytrulo for additional information.What is VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) for intravenous (IV) infusion and what is VYVGART® HYTRULO (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc) for subcutaneous injection?VYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO are both prescription medicines  each used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONDo not use VYVGART if you have a serious allergy to efgartigimod alfa or any of the other ingredients in VYVGART. Do not use VYVGART HYTRULO if you have a serious allergy to efgartigimod alfa  hyaluronidase  or any of the other ingredients in VYVGART HYTRULO. VYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO can cause serious allergic reactions and a decrease in blood pressure leading to faintingVYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO may cause serious side effects  including:InfectionVYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO may increase the risk of infection. The most common infections for efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. Signs or symptoms of an infection may include fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain.Allergic Reactions (hypersensitivity reactions)VYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO can cause allergic reactions such as rashes  swelling under the skin  and shortness of breath. Hives were also observed in patients treated with VYVGART HYTRULO. Serious allergic reactions  such as trouble breathing and decrease in blood pressure leading to fainting have been reported with efgartigimod alfa-fcab.Infusion-Related ReactionsVYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO can cause infusion-related reactions. The most frequent symptoms and signs reported with efgartigimod alfa-fcab were high blood pressure  chills  shivering  and chest  abdominal  and back painTell your doctor if you have signs or symptoms of an infection  allergic reaction  or infusion-related reaction. These can happen while you are receiving your VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO treatment or afterward. Your doctor may need to pause or stop your treatment. Contact your doctor immediately if you have signs or symptoms of a serious allergic reaction.Before taking VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO  tell your doctor if you:take any medicines  including prescription and non-prescription medicines  supplements  or herbal medicines have received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine (immunization)  orhave any allergies or medical conditions  including if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant  or are breastfeeding.What are the common side effects of VYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO?The most common side effects in efgartigimod-alfa-fcab-treated patients were respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection. Additional common side effects with VYVGART HYTRULO are injection site reactions  including rash  redness of the skin  itching sensation  bruising  pain  and hives.These are not all the possible side effects of VYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to the US Food and Drug Administration at 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART and the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART HYTRULO.About Generalized Myasthenia GravisGeneralized myasthenia gravis (gMG) is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where IgG autoantibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. Approximately 85% of people with MG progress to gMG within 24 months 1 where muscles throughout the body may be affected. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for approximately 85% of the total gMG population.1About Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating PolyneuropathyChronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a rare and serious autoimmune disease of the peripheral nervous system. Although confirmation of disease pathophysiology is still emerging  there is increasing evidence that IgG antibodies play a key role in the damage to the peripheral nerves. People with CIDP experience fatigue  muscle weakness and a loss of feeling in their arms and legs that can get worse over time or may come and go. These symptoms can significantly impair a person's ability to function in their daily lives. Without treatment  one-third of people living with CIDP will need a wheelchair.About VYVGART®VYVGART is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  resulting in the reduction of circulating IgG autoantibodies. It is the first approved FcRn blocker in the United States  EU and China for the treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti- acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive and in Japan for the treatment of adults with gMG who do not have sufficient response to steroids or non-steroidal immunosuppressive therapies (ISTs).About VYVGART® HytruloVYVGART Hytrulo is a subcutaneous combination of efgartigimod alfa  a human IgG1 antibody fragment marketed for intravenous use as VYVGART®  and recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme’s ENHANZE® drug delivery technology to facilitate subcutaneous injection delivery of biologics. In binding to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  VYVGART Hytrulo results in the reduction of circulating IgG. It is the first-and-only approved FcRn blocker administered by subcutaneous injection.VYVGART Hytrulo is the proprietary name in the U.S. for subcutaneous efgartigimod alfa and recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20. It may be marketed under different proprietary names following approval in other regions.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  Canada and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.ContactsMedia:Ben PetokBpetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.comForward-Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “aims ” “committed ” “expects ” “may ” “will ” “strive” or “anticipate” and include statements argenx makes concerning the potential impact of VYVGART and VYVGART Hytrulo for CIDP patients; its promise to transform patients’ lives with innovative treatments; the opportunity with VYVGART and VYVGART Hytrulo to deliver significant value to the gMG patient community by driving consistent and repeatable improvements; its expectation that VYVGART and VYVGART Hytrulo reduce maternal IgG antibody levels  thereby reducing the passive protection to the newborn; and its goal of translating immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including but not limited to  the results of argenx’s clinical trials  expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with development of novel drug therapies  preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements  the acceptance of our products and product candidates by our patients as safe  effective and cost-effective  and the impact of governmental laws and regulations on our business. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,mixed,0.48,0.33,0.19,True,English,"['argenx Delivers', 'Patient Expectations', 'American Academy', '2024 Annual Meeting', 'Promise', 'Autoimmunity', 'Neurology', 'Title Lead Author Presentation Efficacy', 'Phase 3b ADAPT NXT study', 'PDUFA target action date', 'chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy', 'Clinical Trials Plenary Session', 'additional individualized dosing regimens', 'global immunology company', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'neonatal FC receptor', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'minimal symptom expression', 'many adverse events', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'rare autoimmune diseases', 'IgG-mediated autoimmune diseases', 'different treatment regimens', 'chronic intravenous immunoglobulin', 'predictable safety profile', 'AAN) Annual Meeting', 'ADHERE data presentation', 'full ADHERE data', 'two oral presentations', 'MSE experience quality', 'Long-term OCS use', 'Favorable safety profile', 'gMG) patient community', 'first potential innovation', 'ADHERE study', 'consistent efficacy', 'long-term use', 'dosing schedules', 'significant quality', 'additional individualization', 'patient subtypes', 'chronic IVIg', 'long-term usage', 'poster presentations', 'first time', 'first 6 months', 'long-term treatment', 'AAN presentations', 'real-world value', 'efgartigimod alfa-fcab', 'American Academy', 'new chapter', 'Luc Truyen', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'meaningful benefits', 'broad set', 'innovative treatments', 'potential approval', 'broad opportunity', 'significant value', 'repeatable improvements', 'subcutaneous administration', 'life improvements', 'life outcomes', 'healthy populations', 'primary goal', 'important guidance', 'oral corticosteroids', 'significant burden', 'Early insights', 'substantial proportion', 'efgartigimod initiation', 'greater benefit', 'lowers costs', 'OCS utilization', 'OCS usage', 'real-world data', 'positive data', 'gMG treatment', 'safety findings', 'gMG patients', 'argenx SE', 'eight abstracts', 'FcRn) inhibitor', 'multiple studies', 'cost-effectiveness analysis', 'VYVGART® Hytrulo', 'VYVGART Hytrulo', 'VYVGART portfolio', 'VYVGART initiation', 'VYVGART treatment', 'patients’ lives', 'CIDP patients', '30 years', 'March', 'CET', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'people', 'hyaluronidase-qvfc', 'Neurology', 'place', 'Denver', 'April', 'promise', 'Autoimmunity', 'Tuesday', 'FDA', 'June', 'class', 'ability', 'Achievement', 'ADAPT/ADAPT', 'review', 'indications', 'doses', 'tapering', 'risk', 'lifetime', 'Details', '01']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37167,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARTMARKET-COM-5174/news/Artmarket-com-Artprice-by-Artmarket-com-28th-annual-report-The-Art-Market-in-2023-A-new-re-46116704/,Artmarket.com :  Artprice by Artmarket.com: 28th annual report - The Art Market in 2023. A new record number of artworks sold at auction. Biggest national marketplace: the USA. Female artists showed spectacular growth,(marketscreener.com)  Our 28th Artprice Annual Report “The Art Market in 2023” offers a global summary and analysis of auction results for works of fine art – paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  prints  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs …,"Our 28th Artprice Annual Report “The Art Market in 2023” offers a global summary and analysis of auction results for works of fine art – paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  prints  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs – throughout the year (January 1 to December 31  2023). It does not cover antiques  anonymous cultural property  or furniture.All prices indicated in this Artprice by Artmarket Report refer to public auction results  buyers' fees included. The $ symbol refers to the US dollar.Artprice's 2023 Art Market Report cover  featuring the NFT “Chaos under the Pure Light” by 1dontknows[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/03/image1-artmarket-com-artprice-com-2023-art-market-report-cover-featuring-nft-chaos-under-the-pure-light-by-1dontknows.jpg ]The bottom line figures for the global art market in 2023 are positive with transactions up significantly (+5%) and a historic record in the number of works sold.2023 stands out as the most dynamic year in the history of the global Art Market  with more than a million works put up for auction and 763 000 transactions.According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and Founder of Artprice: “This growth resulted from a spectacular progression of auctioneers' Internet activities with a 545% growth in the advertisement of Internet auctions  and a 285% growth in the number of ‘live sales' around the world  after three years of Covid pandemic. Such growth figures were previously expected for 2027-2029.”The United States maintained its first place generating 35% of global art market auction turnover  but with China hot on its heels with 33%.Moreover  in this year of Franco-Chinese cultural & touristic cooperation  art market professionals are expecting a substantial expansion of the Chinese art market  possibly taking the leader position in 2024.For the compilation of our latest annual report (the world's most comprehensive report on the global art market)  Artprice by Artmarket.com – world leader in Art Market information – has pursued its collaboration – for the 15th consecutive year – with its partner  the Chinese State group  Artron. The global coverage of art auctions made possible by the association of Artprice and Artron ARAA has resulted in an exhaustive view of the structural evolution of the global art market and its trends on a global scale.In this report  Artprice presents  among other data  its now famous rankings  including the Top 500 artists by annual auction turnover (on fine art and NFTs) in 2023  as well as the Top 100 fine art and NFT works sold at auction in 2023  showing  notably  the spectacular success of female artists.The dematerialization of the art market on the Internet is today the dominant trend on all 5 continents of the world  relegating physical auction rooms to the 20th century.Artprice by Artmarket is pleased to announce the publication of its 28th Report “The Art Market in 2023”  available free of charge  in full and in three languages  online as well as in PDF format :French:https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/le-marche-de-lart-en-2023https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/le-marche-de-lart-en-2023.pdfEnglish:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2023https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/the-art-market-in-2023.pdfMandarin:https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/zh-the-art-market-in-2023https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/zh-the-art-market-in-2023.pdfGeneral overview of 2023: from a ‘seller's market' to a ‘buyer's market'The volume of Fine Art and NFT auction transactions reached a record level: 762 800 lots sold compared with 723 700 in 2022 (+5%).Fine Art and NFT auction turnover totaled $14.9 billion  compared with $17.4 billion in 2022. This 2023/2022 turnover drop can be mainly explained by a reduced consignment of works worth more than $50 million  which resulted in a shortfall of approximately $1.5 billion versus 2022. Indeed  2022 saw 24 works valued above $50 million generate $1.95 billion compared with just six lots above that price threshold generating $494.5 million in 2022.The global average unsold rate rose from 35% in 2022 to 38% in 2023  suggesting buyers were more selective in 2023.According to Artprice by Artmarket's Founding CEO  ‘the adage about the art market: “ The right work  the right theme  the right period  with the right provenance and the right artist ” was more than ever true in 2023'.The average auction price of an artwork in 2023 was $19 550.Half the works (the median price) fetched under $700 in 2023  making art generally more affordable.80% of artworks fetched under $4 130.Artprice's Global Price Index increased by +2% between January 1  2023 and December 31  2023.Contemporary Art represents 17% of the art market  compared with 16% in 2022 and only 3% in 2000. In 2000  Contemporary Art generated $69 million compared with $2.53 billion in 2023. The Contemporary art market has therefore increased 36-fold in 23 years  reflecting a historic phenomenon with Contemporary Art becoming a primary locomotive of the global art market.Modern art remained the largest segment of the art market  accounting for 40% of its auction turnover revenue (compared with 38% in 2022).Two works exceeded the symbolic threshold of $100 million in 2023  one in New York and the other in London (versus 6 results above $100 million in 2022).In 2023  Artprice counted 1 548 seven-digit auction results as well as 2 NFT results above that threshold (versus 1 682 and 1 NFT lot in 2022).Among the 1 550 seven-digit auction results  206 were hammered for female artists  or 13%.Soft Power: the U.S.A. maintains its first placeThe United States (even after a 28% contraction vs. 2022) hammered 174 600 auction results generating $5.2 billion  or 35% of the global art market's total art auction turnover (vs. 160 000 lots sold and $7.3 billion in 2022  or 42% of global art auction turnover). The contraction essentially came from the lower number of high-end consignments (works valued above $50 million).China (+4%) returned to growth  generating $4.9 billion  or 33% of the global art auction turnover. (vs. $5.9 billion in 2022 and 35% of global turnover).The UK (-15%) consolidated its third place with $1.8 billion  or 12% of the global market(vs. $2.1 billion in 2022 and 12% of global turnover). Sotheby's in London hammered a new auction record for a work of fine art in the UK: $108 million for Gustav Klimt's Lady with a Fan (1917/18). When looked at over the longer term  it is clear that Brexit has negatively impacted the UK's art auction market.France (-11%) totaled $875 million (6% of global turnover) from 106 000 lots sold(vs. $988 million in 2022 accounting for 6% of the global market). It consolidated its leader position on the European continent in terms of art auction turnover. As regards transaction volumes  it ranks second after the United States. France is indeed gaining strength in the high-end segment. Looking at the decade  its art auction turnover has shown strong growth with a significant increase in the number of seven-digit results (up approximately 80% since the years 2011-2014).Germany 's art auction turnover shrank 3% after four years of growth: $372 million for 2.5% of the global market (vs. $383 million in 2022 for 2.2% of global turnover).Italy consolidated its 6th place on the global market (+2%) with $197 million from 44 500 lots sold (vs. $193 million in 2022 from 40 400 lots sold).India posted the strongest turnover growth (+76%) and established itself among the Asian markets ahead of Japan ($144 million). In 2023  it generated $152 million from just 2 075 lots sold (vs. $87 million in 2022 from 1 500 lots sold).It also hammered a new auction record for a fine artwork sold in India when Amrita Sher-Gil's The S tory T eller (1937) fetched $7.4 million at Safronart in Mumbai.Principal marketplaces by Fine Art & NFT auction turnover in 2023[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/03/image2-artmarket-com-artprice-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2023.jpg ]Auction houses and salesSotheby's was once again the leading auction house on the planet for the sale of Fine Art and NFTs  generating $3.8 billion.Christie's posted a sales turnover of $3.5 billion in 2023.Sotheby's slightly outperformed Christie's in New York  London  Hong Kong and Milan.In Paris  Christie's was the stronger auctioneer.Sotheby's (with 26%) and Christie's (with 24%) accounted for half of the global art auction turnover (vs. 24% and 35% respectively in 2022).The most lucrative collection sold in 2023 was that belonging to Emily Fischer Landau  which totaled $406 million on November 8  2023 at Sotheby's New York (far behind the Paul G. Allen sale in 2022 which totaled $1.6 billion at Christie's).Phillips remained the world's third largest art auction vendor with a total of $573 million and it hosted a very first sale in Paris.China Guardian was the leading Chinese auction house with a total of $539 million  ahead of Poly Auction ($517 million).Bonhams' total ($219 million) was added to by their acquisition of Cornette de Saint Cyr ($38 million)  Bukowskis ($31 million)  Bruun Rasmussen ($27 million) and Skinner ($8 million).Artcurial (with $78 million vs. $92 million in 2022) was the leading French fine art auction operator.Artworks and Artists – by creative periodOld Masters (artists born before 1759)Old Master sales represent 11% of the lots sold and 9% of global art auction turnover (vs. 11% of lots sold and 7% of turnover in 2022).A 14th-century drawing by the great Chinese master  Wang Meng  exceeded $40 million on November 30  2023 in Beijing  at China Guardian.In New York  two paintings by Rubens sold for $26 million and $25 million at Sotheby's (in January and then in May).19th Century (artists born between 1760 and 1859)19th Century art accounted for 9% of the total lots sold and 8% of total auction turnover (vs. 10% of lots sold and 14% of turnover in 2022).The painting Les Flamants (1910) set a new personal auction record for Douanier Rousseau  at $43.5 million at Christie's New York.Modern Art (artists born between 1860 and 1919)Modern Art remained  more than ever  the leading segment of the art market  accounting for 36% of the lots sold in 2023 and 40% of global art auction turnover (vs. 36% of lots sold and 38% of turnover in 2022).Pablo Picasso was the top-selling artist of the year at auction  generating $596 million (3rd in 2022 with $494 million).Picasso's Woman with a watch (1932) became the 10th most expensive artwork in auction history (at $139 363 500 on November 8  2023 at Sotheby's New York) and his second best-ever result after The Les Femmes d'Alger (Version O) (1955) which fetched $179 million in 2015.Gustav Klimt's Lady with a Fan (1917/19) fetched the highest-ever art auction result in the UK at $108 million.Zhang Daqian was once again among the top most successful artists in the world at auction in 2023 with a turnover of $230 million.Post-War Art (artists born between 1920 and 1944)Post-War Art accounted for 26% of the lots sold and 25% of global art auction turnover (vs. 26% of lots sold and 26% of turnover in 2022).Gerhard Richter was the top-selling living artist in 2023 at auction with 303 lots sold for $214 million.In the absence of exceptional paintings  Andy Warhol dropped to 5th place among the world's top-selling artists with $198 million in 2023 (versus 1st place in 2022 with $590 million).Yayoi Kusama climbed to 8th place among the world's top-selling artists with $189 million. She was the only female artist in the Top 10.Joan Mitchell fetched a new personal auction record at $29 million for her Untitled (c.1959) at Christie's in New York on November 9  2023.Contemporary Art (artists born after 1945)Contemporary Art accounted for 18% of lots sold and 17% of global art auction turnover (vs. 18% of lots sold and 16% of turnover in 2022).Jean-Michel Basquiat rose to 2nd place in Artprice's ranking with $238 million (vs. 7th in 2022 with $221 million).Nicole Eisenman's (b. 1965) work Support Systems for Women  No. 1 (1998) purchased for $10 800 in 2006 at Phillips in New York  was resold for $400 000 by Sotheby's in London.NFT auctionsPublic auctions of NFTs generated a total of $22.7 million with 350 lots sold and 53 unsold (vs. $13.8 million  with 384 lots sold and 171 unsold in 2022).Dmitri Cherniak (1988) was the world's top-selling NFT artist at auction in 2023 with 14 works sold for $7.9 million.His Ringers #879 (The Goose) (2021) fetched $6.2 million at Sotheby's in New York on June 15  2023.The “Grails: Property from an Iconic Digital Art Collection Part II” session hosted by Sotheby's on June 15  2023 totaled $10.9 million.Artificial Intelligence  Generative Art  the recovery of Bitcoin and Ethereum cryptocurrencies are all favorable factors for the NFT market in 2024.Demand for works by wo men artists saw further spectacular growthThe greatest female artists of the 20th-century are being given the place they deserve on the art market. This trend is due to a deliberate policy among key market players to revalue their works both historically and monetarily. This has involved the inclusion of a growing number of their works in sales catalogs which has naturally contributed to a gain in their market visibility. The progression has been rapid with the number of transactions concerning female artists doubling in five years and tripling in ten years. This year  the number of works by women artists sold at auction reached a historic peak  and it's a dynamic that is far from over.In conclusion  somewhat counter-intuitively  given the very difficult geopolitical and economic context  the art market is displaying resilient health  with regular records hammered for works from all the creative periods and regions of the world during recent sales. We have not noted any cancellation of classic and/or prestigious cataloged sales for 2023 and 2024 to date  which are the main indicators of the health of the art market.The major auction houses and investors know very well that the art market is a safe haven  an investment  as shown by the Artprice100© index  which clearly outperforms traditional stock market indices. The current period of uncertainty on the stock markets is nevertheless bringing new funds and investments into the art market.Artprice had already noted that despite major crises  such as those relating to the Nasdaq crash in 2000  the terrorist attacks of September 11  2001  the war against the Taliban that began in 2001  the Iraq war that began in 2003  the subprime and CDS crises in and after 2007  the effective ‘negative' interest rates that began (in the West) in 2011  the Covid crisis that began in 2019… the art market has been relatively less affected than the financial markets and the overall economy.The dematerialization of the art market on the Internet is now the dominant trend on all 5 continents  and is in the process of relegating physical auction rooms to 20th century. It is undeniable that the 20th century art market was a primarily Western phenomenon and that from now on  the Asia Pacific region is playing on an equal footing with the West.With its 27 years of art market expertise  Artprice by Artmarket has noted that the average age of its 7.2 million customers and members has decreased from 63 in 1997 to 41 in 2023.It is clear that the art market  one of the oldest markets in the world  is now moving rapidly and irrevocably towards the digital era (thereby closing its particularly pronounced digital backwardness of a few years ago) and a whole new generation (that of 30-45 years old) on a global scale. This generation is now on permanent watch via mobile Internet.With its Intranet connection to its 7 200 partner Auction Houses  Artprice by Artmarket can see this paradigm shift every day: from the scheduled closure of physical auction rooms and the permanent migration to Internet activities.The 28th Annual Report Artprice by Artmarket “The Art Market in 2023”  is available free of charge  in full and in three languages  online as well as in PDF format :French:https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/le-marche-de-lart-en-2023https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/le-marche-de-lart-en-2023.pdfEnglish:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2023https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/the-art-market-in-2023.pdfMandarin:https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/zh-the-art-market-in-2023https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/zh-the-art-market-in-2023.pdfImages:[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/03/image1-artmarket-com-artprice-com-2023-art-market-report-cover-featuring-nft-chaos-under-the-pure-light-by-1dontknows.jpg ][ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/03/image2-artmarket-com-artprice-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2023.jpg ]Copyright 1987-2024 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.comTry our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demoSubscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/02/2024_Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information (the original documentary archives  codex manuscripts  annotated books and auction catalogs acquired over the years ) in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 825 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 7200 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million (‘members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).The Art Market's future is now brighter than ever with Artprice's Artmarket® Intuitive AIArtmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket's Global Art Market Report  “The Art Market in 2023”  published in March 2024:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2023Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2023 Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2023Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 6.5 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum “The Abode of Chaos” (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013La Demeure du Chaos / Abode of ChaosGESAMTKUNSTWERK & SINGULAR ARCHITECTUREConfidential bilingual work now public:https://ftp1.serveur.com/abodeofchaos_singular_architecture.pdfL'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: ir@artmarket.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nGifYsebYW+Wx2ppYcmampdqa2tlm5XIaWiZlWRqlZmdnWxmm5mUaseYZnFlmmdn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84521-artprice-by-artmarket-com-28-th-annual-art-market-report-new-record-of-artworks-biggest-marketplace-the-usa-female-artists-growth.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",positive,0.58,0.4,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.34,0.26,True,English,"['28th annual report', 'The Art Market', 'new record number', 'Biggest national marketplace', 'Female artists', 'spectacular growth', 'Artmarket.com', 'Artprice', 'artworks', 'auction', 'USA', 'global art market auction turnover', 'global average unsold rate', '2023 Art Market Report cover', 'The Contemporary art market', '28th Artprice Annual Report', 'annual auction turnover', '2023/2022 turnover drop', 'The United States', 'bottom line figures', 'Chinese State group', 'latest annual report', 'NFT auction turnover', 'The Art Market', 'physical auction rooms', 'average auction price', 'anonymous cultural property', 'Global Price Index', 'art market professionals', 'Chinese art market', 'Art Market information', 'public auction results', ""auctioneers' Internet activities"", '15th consecutive year', 'Such growth figures', 'a million works', 'Top 100 fine art', 'NFT auction transactions', '28th Report', 'global summary', 'global coverage', 'global scale', 'art auctions', 'comprehensive report', 'Franco-Chinese cultural', 'Top 500 artists', 'price threshold', 'median price', 'Artmarket Report', 'NFT works', 'US dollar', 'historic record', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'spectacular progression', 'Internet auctions', 'live sales', 'Covid pandemic', 'first place', 'touristic cooperation', 'substantial expansion', 'leader position', 'exhaustive view', 'structural evolution', 'other data', 'famous rankings', 'spectacular success', 'female artists', 'dominant trend', '20th century', 'three languages', 'PDF format', 'General overview', 'record level', 'reduced consignment', 'right work', 'right theme', 'right period', 'right provenance', 'right artist', 'historic phenomenon', 'dynamic year', 'Artmarket.com', ""buyers' fees"", 'three years', 'Artron ARAA', 'six lots', 'Founding CEO', 'world leader', 'Pure Light', '763,000 transactions', '545% growth', '285% growth', '762,800 lots', '23 years', '24 works', 'analysis', 'paintings', 'sculptures', 'drawings', 'photographs', 'prints', 'videos', 'installations', 'tapestries', 'NFTs', 'January', 'December', 'antiques', 'furniture', 'prices', '$ symbol', 'Chaos', '1dontknows', 'imgpublic', 'image1-artmarket', 'art-market-report', 'featuring', 'number', 'history', 'Founder', 'advertisement', 'China', 'heels', 'compilation', 'collaboration', 'partner', 'association', 'trends', 'dematerialization', '5 continents', 'publication', 'charge', 'artprice-reports', 'marche', 'lart', 'English', 'Mandarin', 'seller', 'volume', 'shortfall', 'adage', 'artwork']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37168,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIOHALCO-S-A-14884962/news/Viohalco-S-A-Financial-Results-for-the-fiscal-year-2023-46121398/,Viohalco S A : Financial Results for the fiscal year 2023 -March 07  2024 at 12:08 pm EST,"(marketscreener.com)   1     REGULATED INFORMATION   INSIDE INFORMATION   Brussels  March 7  2024 - Viohalco S.A.   hereafter ""Viohalco"" or ""the Company""  today announces its consolidated financial results for the year ended 31 December 2023.  …","1REGULATED INFORMATION INSIDE INFORMATION Brussels  March 7  2024 - Viohalco S.A. (Euronext Brussels: VIO  Athens Stock Exchange: VIO)  hereafter ""Viohalco"" or ""the Company""  today announces its consolidated financial results for the year ended 31 December 2023. Resilient performance and lower leverage amidst challenging markets Responding to demand fluctuations through a flexible business model and diversified portfolio Financial highlights Consolidated operating profitability ( a-EBITDA) amounted to EUR 537 million compared to EUR 649 million in 2022. The slowdown of global economic growth  combined with inflationary pressures were partially counterbalanced by the continuing green transition trend and related demand ;a-EBITDA) ; Consolidated revenue amounted to EUR 6.30 billion vs. EUR 6.99 billion in 2022 due to lower volumes and decline in metal prices;amounted to EUR 6.30 billion vs. EUR 6.99 billion in 2022 due to lower volumes and decline in metal prices; Consolidated profit before income tax amounted to EUR 91 million compared to EUR 375 million in FY 2022  due to the drop of the metal prices which turned metal results negative and increased finance costs;amounted to EUR 91 million compared to EUR 375 million in FY 2022  due to the drop of the metal prices which turned metal results negative and increased finance costs; Net debt decreased significantly by EUR 184 million to EUR 1 873 million  as a result of effective working capital management  also supported by the decline of metal prices;decreased significantly by EUR 184 million to EUR 1 873 million  as a result of effective working capital management  also supported by the decline of metal prices; Proposed gross * dividend of EUR 0.12 per share. Operational highlights Significant growth in revenue and profitability for the cables and steel pipes segments  driven by the solid demand  the successful delivery of existing projects and the award of new ones; Increase in the operating profitability of the copper segment  driven by an improved product mix and the growing sales and profitability of Sofia Med; The aluminium segment was affected by the global downturn in demand  especially in relation to products in the lithographic sector; The steel segment was affected by a contraction in the European construction sector demand  increased energy costs and the rise of imports from low-cost countries  partially offset by growth in the Greek construction market; Continued effort to adapt product portfolio  maximise capacity utilisation and increase operational efficiency across industrial segments; Positive performance of the real estate division achieved through redevelopment of existing assets with a continued focus on sustainability and active management of existing properties.The final net dividend can be differentiated  as the Belgian tax authorities impose a withholding tax and tax compliance formalities  depending on the shareholder's tax residence. 2Commenting on the results  CEO Ippokratis Ioannis Stassinopoulos stated: ""In 2023  Viohalco companies demonstrated their ability to swiftly navigate changing market conditions. In an environment of increased interest costs and inflationary pressures  Viohalco managed to post a resilient performance and decrease its debt levels. The cables and steel pipes segments performed very well  since they were able to successfully deliver existing projects  while securing substantial new ones. The copper segment posted a robust operating profitability  outperforming the market. While weak global conditions affected aluminium  the segment maintained its competitive advantage and continued to expand its well-diversified portfolio into faster growing and higher value-added product segments. The steel segment results were affected by subdued demand from the EU construction industry and competition from low-cost imports. Finally  real estate division recorded a positive performance  driven by the increasing demand for high-quality and sustainable buildings in Greece. For the coming years  we are confident that the current downturn in demand will reverse as positive sustainability megatrends take over"". 3Overview Viohalco's performance throughout 2023 remained resilient  though impacted by weak demand in the aluminium and steel segments  as a consequence of a difficult international market for many products and especially those related to the construction market. This was partially offset by a remarkable performance of the cables and steel pipes segment  as well as of the real estate division and the high operating profitability of the copper segment. The above were supported by the companies' diversified product portfolio and ongoing efforts to streamline operations. The significantly positive performance of the cables and steel pipes segments was a result of increased demand for energy projects and improved competitive positioning in these segments. The awarding of new projects to support the energy transition and meet increasing demand for natural gas  further increased the backlog. The copper segment maintained a high operating profitability driven by the performance of Sofia Med subsidiary. The aluminium segment experienced slower demand across a broad range of aluminium products  amid macroeconomic challenges. However  the segment exhibited resilience in maintaining operating profitability  with concerted efforts directed towards debt reduction. The decrease in revenue was mainly attributable to the performance of the Viohalco subsidiary Bridgnorth Aluminium in the UK  as a result of a contraction in the lithographic business. The performance of the steel segment was overall subdued  affected by the strong downtrend in European steel demand throughout the year  with the exception of the strong demand in Greece and the heavy plates activity  which were respectively positively impacted by a growing construction market and an increasing preference for low carbon footprint solutions. Finally  the real estate division also recorded a positive performance  with Noval Property's active management of existing properties and ability to respond to the demand for high-quality and sustainable buildings proving once again successful. Noval Property remains on track for its Initial Public Offering (IPO) in the Athens Stock Exchange in 2024. Viohalco's financial reporting is split into two divisions  based on their distinct business characteristics and performance metrics: The industrial division  including aluminium  copper  cables  steel pipes  steel  R&D&I and technology segments  and the real estate division comprising of Viohalco's property investments and real estate related entities. The industrial division Key highlights € 6.3 bil. € 519 mil. € 80 mil. € 281 mil. 4.2 x Revenue a-EBITDA Profit before tax 2023 CAPEX Net Debt / EBITDA (2022: € 6.96 bil.) (2022: € 636 mil.) (2022: € 377 mil.) (2022: € 317 mil.) (2022: 3.0x) 4Industrial division - Key financials Amounts in EUR thousands 2023 2022 *Represented Revenue 6 263 772 6 955 326 Gross profit* 559 499 770 291 EBITDA 411 381 633 661 a-EBITDA 519 264 635 983 EBIT 272 127 493 826 a-EBIT 380 010 496 148 Net finance cost -181 267 -115 988 Profit before tax 80 163 376 752 Property  plant and equipment (PP&E) 2 222 756 2 230 385 Net debt 1 720 072 1 922 988 Capex 280 583 316 866 *Please refer to Appendix A. Τhe revenue of the industrial division amounted to EUR 6 264 million. The operating profitability (a-EBITDA) of the industrial division amounted to EUR 519 million. Viohalco's industrial division is composed of the following segments: aluminium  copper  cables  steel pipes and steel. The aluminium segment demonstrated resilience amidst a challenging market with fluctuating demand and macroeconomic dynamics. This result was impacted by the downturn in the lithographic sector for Bridgnorth Aluminium and softened demand across all products. As we move towards a low-carbon future and circular economy becomes increasingly important  demand for sustainable aluminium solutions is expected to remain strong in the long run. Also  within 2023  the segment achieved operational excellence by leveraging its latest investments to help optimise capacity allocation and reshape its product mix distribution.demonstrated resilience amidst a challenging market with fluctuating demand and macroeconomic dynamics. This result was impacted by the downturn in the lithographic sector for Bridgnorth Aluminium and softened demand across all products. As we move towards a low-carbon future and circular economy becomes increasingly important  demand for sustainable aluminium solutions is expected to remain strong in the long run. Also  within 2023  the segment achieved operational excellence by leveraging its latest investments to help optimise capacity allocation and reshape its product mix distribution. The copper segment continued to face lower demand as a consequence of interest rate rises and their effect on global economic growth throughout the year. This mainly affected the quantities of copper tubes  copper alloy extruded products and enamelled wire  while growing sales were achieved in copper and copper alloy rolled products and copper extruded products  respectively. The segment's operating profitability was high  driven by the subsidiary Sofia Med   but the profit before taxes was affected by the decline in metal prices. The whole segment continued to align strongly with products and projects related to the global energy transition requiring many different forms of copper and copper alloys  helping to ensure the future growth of the segment.continued to face lower demand as a consequence of interest rate rises and their effect on global economic growth throughout the year. This mainly affected the quantities of copper tubes  copper alloy extruded products and enamelled wire  while growing sales were achieved in copper and copper alloy rolled products and copper extruded products  respectively. The segment's operating profitability was high  driven by the subsidiary Sofia Med   but the profit before taxes was affected by the decline in metal prices. The whole segment continued to align strongly with products and projects related to the global energy transition requiring many different forms of copper and copper alloys  helping to ensure the future growth of the segment. In the cables segment   the efficient execution of high-profile offshore and onshore energy projects combined with high- capacity utilisation across all production lines supported growth and fostered performance. At the same time  low-voltage and medium-voltage power cables saw strong demand during 2023 and better profitability margins compared to the previous year. This margin growth  combined with an improved product mix alongside timely and efficient project execution  led to a significant improvement in adjusted EBITDA (+39% y-o-y). Along came several new awards  both for interconnections and OWFs  that further advanced the segment's backlog to a new record of EUR 2.5 billion.  the efficient execution of high-profile offshore and onshore energy projects combined with high- capacity utilisation across all production lines supported growth and fostered performance. At the same time  low-voltage and medium-voltage power cables saw strong demand during 2023 and better profitability margins compared to the previous year. This margin growth  combined with an improved product mix alongside timely and efficient project execution  led to a significant improvement in adjusted EBITDA (+39% y-o-y). Along came several new awards  both for interconnections and OWFs  that further advanced the segment's backlog to a new record of EUR For the steel pipes segment   2023 was a strong and landmark year. Revenue reached EUR 580 million and adjusted operating profit (a-EBITDA) more than doubled compared to the year prior. The segment also improved its competitive position as a Tier 1 pipe manufacturer and leader in technologies that enable the energy transition  such as hydrogen transportation through high-pressure steel pipes and pipelines for Carbon Capture & Storage (CCS) projects  benefiting from a wide array of strategic initiatives undertaken during previous years. Demand for natural gas and the necessity to continue towards the new energy paradigm  while guaranteeing energy security  led to a series of high-margin new contracts and a strong order backlog of approximately EUR 650 million by the end of the year.  2023 was a strong and landmark year. Revenue reached EUR 580 million and adjusted operating profit (a-EBITDA) more than doubled compared to the year prior. The segment also improved its competitive position as a Tier 1 pipe manufacturer and leader in technologies that enable the energy transition  such as hydrogen transportation through high-pressure steel pipes and pipelines for Carbon Capture & Storage (CCS) projects  benefiting from a wide array of strategic initiatives undertaken during previous years. Demand for natural gas and the necessity to continue towards the new energy paradigm  while guaranteeing energy security  led to a series of high-margin new contracts and a strong order backlog of approximately EUR 650 million by the end of the year. In 2023  the steel segment's performance was subdued  mainly as a consequence of the sharp downward trend in the European steel market throughout the year. The segment maintained its leading market position in the growing Greek construction market. However  the deteriorating European construction sector  increased energy costs and elevated 5imports of steel products from low-cost countries  negatively affected the overall performance. As a result  sales of reinforcing steel  wire rods and merchant bars reduced significantly. This was partially offset by increased demand for hot rolled plates from the Baltic and North European countries  where the low carbon footprint of Stomana Industry's quarto plates provided a competitive advantage. Sales of special steels (SBQ) saw a reduction in volume  attributable to the European mechanical engineering sector slow-down. Price spreads also significantly declined across all the product ranges. Notwithstanding the impact of macro challenges and high energy prices  the steel segment's scrap supply proved resilient and didn't impact product delivery and service levels. The real estate division Key highlights € 38 mil. € 18 mil. 471 K sqm 98.1 % € 27 mil. Revenue a-EBITDA GBA * (2022: 465 k Occupancy CAPEX (2022: € 30 mil.) (2022: € 13 mil.) sqm.) rate ** (2022: (2022: € 40 mil.) 96%) Referring to the portfolio of real estate assets of Noval Property.Referring to the income-producing portfolio of Noval Property. In the real estate division  Noval Property reported significant growth in relation to both the value of its investment properties and the revenue generated by the company's income-producing assets. This was achieved despite a challenging macro environment characterised by increases in energy and product prices  as well as high interest rates and prevailing geopolitical turbulence in the region. This performance stems from Noval Property's strengthened portfolio as a result of the continuous active management of existing properties  the increasing demand for high-quality and sustainable buildings in Greece and the implementation of Noval Property's captive development programme  comprising of the commencement and advancement of preliminary works and construction on several properties. In October 2023  Noval Property entered into a EUR 10.5 million convertible bond loan with EBRD  in view of the company's Initial Public Offering (IPO) listing on the Athens Stock Exchange  expected to take place in 2024. It should be noted that Viohalco applies the historical cost in investment property  while certain real estate division subsidiaries (such as Noval Property) follow the fair value model. Noval Property 2023 earnings before taxes  based on the fair value model  amounted to profits of EUR 67.5 million (Historical cost earnings before tax amounted to EUR 13 million)  while GAV as of 31.12.2023 (including long-term leases) amounted to EUR 582.6 million and NAV stood at EUR 427.4 million. Finally  sustainability remains a key priority for all Viohalco subsidiaries  as the companies successfully progressed various initiatives in line with the overarching sustainability strategy. Climate change  circular economy and occupational health and safety remained at the forefront of the efforts  as significant human and financial resources were invested to continuingly improving in those areas. Sustainability is a key requirement for Viohalco companies' customers  especially in the cables and aluminium segment  where inquiries about the sustainability attributes of the products  sustainability certifications and long- term commitment to decarbonisation efforts from Viohalco subsidiaries are requested on a regular basis. In addition to this  during 2023  Viohalco completed the evaluation of the most important climate-related risks and opportunities of the subsidiaries and published its first inaugural TCFD Report. Outlook Amidst ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty driving demand fluctuations  Viohalco's companies' diversified portfolio  sustained competitive advantages  streamlined processes and optimised capacity utilisation  coupled with long-term projections for sustainable products' demand  bode well for the future. While the aluminium and steel segments faced revenue setbacks in FY 2023 due to demand fluctuations  the rising demand for innovative and sustainable packaging solutions  energy-efficient infrastructure and shifts in the automotive industry  combined 6with ongoing efforts to enhance operational efficiency  will continue to bolster Viohalco companies' competitiveness in these areas. At the same time  the cables  copper and steel pipes segments are expected to keep gaining momentum  fueled by the inevitable shift toward electrification  the wide deployment of investments in RES and the need for grid expansions  as well as increasing requirements for hydrogen and Carbon Capture & Storage (CCS). On the real estate front  Noval Property's diversified portfolio and planned developments  together with its successful active management business model provides further strength to its overall positioning. For further information  please contact: Sofia Zairi  Chief Investor Relations Officer Tel: +30 210 6861111 Email:ir@viohalco.com _______ A conference call to discuss these results will be held on Friday  March 8th 2024 at 13:00 GMT / 15:00 EET. To participate in the teleconference  please dial in approximately 5 minutes before the start of the call and use one of the following telephone numbers: Greek participants: +30 213 009 6000 or +30 210 94 60 800UK participants: +44 (0) 800 368 1063UK & International: +44 (0) 203 059 5872USA participants: +1 516 447 5632 7Financial overview Consolidated financial key figures Amounts in EUR thousands 2023 2022 *Represented Revenue 6 301 957 6 985 735 Gross profit* 578 867 781 736 EBITDA 436 033 646 363 a-EBITDA 537 447 648 897 EBIT 290 404 497 250 a-EBIT 391 818 499 783 Net finance cost -187 796 -121 320 Profit before tax 91 324 374 564 Profit for the period 66 516 302 389 Profit attributable to owners 48 233 266 133 *Please refer to Appendix A. In 2023  Viohalco's consolidated revenue decreased to EUR 6.30 billion (2022: EUR 6.99 billion). This was mainly due to the decrease in metal prices and the reduced volumes sold compared to 2022. Consolidated a-EBITDA decreased at EUR 537 million (2022: EUR 649 million)  as a result of the decrease in volumes. Net finance cost increased to EUR 188 million (2022: EUR 121 million)  as a consequence of higher interest rates. Consolidated profit before income tax for the period amounted to EUR 91 million  compared to EUR 375 million in 2022. Consolidated net profit after income tax and minority interests amounted to EUR 48 million (2022: EUR 266 million); with earnings per share amounted at EUR 0.19 (2022: EUR 1.03). Amounts in EUR thousands 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Fixed and intangible assets 2 805 429 2 625 715 Other non-current assets 116 789 100 709 Non-current assets 2 922 219 2 726 424 Inventory 1 610 467 1 914 098 Trade and other receivables (incl. contract assets) 955 613 874 921 Cash and cash equivalents 395 015 412 644 Other current assets 36 397 102 109 Current assets 2 997 491 3 303 772 Total assets 5 919 710 6 030 196 Equity 1 959 371 1 955 895 Loans and borrowings 1 442 138 1 471 299 Other non-current liabilities 217 304 219 685 Non-current liabilities 1 659 442 1 690 985 Loans and borrowings 779 297 958 166 Trade and other payables (incl. contract liabilities) 1 463 473 1 304 828 Other current liabilities 58 127 120 322 Current liabilities 2 300 897 2 383 316 Total equity and liabilities 5 919 710 6 030 196 8Capital expenditure for the period amounted to EUR 308 million (2022: EUR 357 million)  is mainly due to the following investments: New production equipment in the context of ElvalHalcor's aluminum segment investment programme  aiming at increasing production capacity increase and improving the product portfolio mix;investment programme  aiming at increasing production capacity increase and improving the product portfolio mix; Capacity increase of copper segment's subsidiary  Sofia Med;subsidiary  Sofia Med; Capacity increase of the offshore cables plant in Corinth and selective investments in onshore cables plants in the area of Thiva  Greece;in Corinth and selective investments in onshore cables plants in the area of Thiva  Greece; Capacity improvements at the steel pipes segment in the Thisvi plant ;in the Thisvi plant Machinery improvements and IT investments at the steel segment subsidiaries;subsidiaries; Development of the existing portfolio and new property development in the real estate division. The decrease in working capital by 26% was mainly driven by the drop in metal prices  coupled with the organic reduction in the cash-to-cash cycle. Net debt decreased to EUR 1 873 million (31 December 2022: EUR 2 057 million)  due to Viohalco's positive free cash flow during the year. Segmental performance Amounts in EUR million Segments Aluminium Division Copper Cables Industrial Steel Steel pipes Other activities Total Real Estate Division* Consolidated Revenue EBITDA a-EBITDA EBIT EBT 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 1 887 2 313 95 271 153 223 35 211 -7 179 1 721 1 811 91 81 107 75 72 63 36 40 991 895 140 107 152 110 120 89 73 64 580 457 64 25 66 25 54 16 25 8 1 014 1 392 22 144 42 196 -5 113 -41 88 69 88 - 6 -1 7 -4 1 -6 -1 6 264 6 955 411 634 519 636 272 494 80 377 38 30 25 13 18 13 18 3 11 -2 6 302 6 986 436 646 537 649 290 497 91 375 Apart from Noval Property  the real estate division of Viohalco includes other entities that relate to real estate operations. It should be noted that Viohalco applies the historical cost model in investment property  while certain real estate division subsidiaries (such as Noval Property) follow the fair value model. Noval Property 2023 earnings before taxes  based on fair value model  amounted to profits of EUR 67.5 million. 9",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.27,0.37,True,English,"['Viohalco S A', 'Financial Results', 'fiscal year', 'March', '12:08', 'REGULATED INFORMATION INSIDE INFORMATION Brussels', 'CEO Ippokratis Ioannis Stassinopoulos', 'effective working capital management', 'continuing green transition trend', 'higher value-added product segments', 'European construction sector demand', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'flexible business model', 'real estate division', 'EU construction industry', 'Greek construction market', 'Belgian tax authorities', 'tax compliance formalities', 'changing market conditions', 'difficult international market', 'steel pipes segments', 'weak global conditions', 'final net dividend', 'robust operating profitability', 'Viohalco S.A.', 'global economic growth', 'Consolidated operating profitability', 'positive sustainability megatrends', 'diversified product portfolio', 'consolidated financial results', 'steel segment results', 'high operating profitability', 'Euronext Brussels', 'active management', 'steel segments', 'lithographic sector', 'energy transition', 'product mix', 'global downturn', 'industrial segments', 'diversified portfolio', 'Financial highlights', 'Consolidated profit', 'Net debt', 'gross * dividend', 'income tax', 'withholding tax', 'tax residence', 'weak demand', 'metal results', 'copper segment', 'Positive performance', 'lower leverage', 'challenging markets', 'inflationary pressures', 'Consolidated revenue', 'lower volumes', 'metal prices', 'finance costs', 'Operational highlights', 'Significant growth', 'successful delivery', 'existing projects', 'growing sales', 'Sofia Med', 'energy costs', 'low-cost countries', 'Continued effort', 'capacity utilisation', 'operational efficiency', 'existing assets', 'continued focus', 'existing properties', 'interest costs', 'debt levels', 'competitive advantage', 'faster growing', 'sustainable buildings', 'coming years', 'current downturn', 'ongoing efforts', 'energy projects', 'competitive positioning', 'natural gas', 'Resilient performance', 'remarkable performance', 'demand fluctuations', 'related demand', 'solid demand', 'increasing demand', 'Overview Viohalco', 'substantial new', 'new projects', 'low-cost imports', 'many products', 'aluminium segment', 'Viohalco companies', 'March', 'Company', '31 December', 'EBITDA', 'slowdown', 'decline', 'FY', 'drop', 'share', 'cables', 'award', 'Increase', 'relation', 'contraction', 'rise', 'redevelopment', 'environment', 'subdued', 'competition', 'high-quality', 'Greece', 'consequence', 'operations', 'backlog']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37169,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ANTIN-INFRASTRUCTURE-PART-127080817/news/Antin-Strong-Financial-Performance-in-2023-Net-Income-up-60-46108604/,Antin: Strong Financial Performance in 2023  Net Income up +60% -March 07  2024 at 01:01 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Antin :20232022% changeAUM  in €bn31.130.6+1.7%Fee-Paying AUM  in €bn20.219.1+5.8%Revenue282.9214.2+32…,Regulatory News:Antin (Paris:ANTIN):(€m  unless otherwise indicated) 2023 2022 % change AUM  in €bn 31.1 30.6 +1.7% Fee-Paying AUM  in €bn 20.2 19.1 +5.8% Revenue 282.9 214.2 +32.1% Underlying EBITDA 175.5 118.5 +48.2% Underlying EBITDA margin 62% 55% +7pp Underlying net income 127.9 79.7 +60.6% Underlying EPS (after dilution  in €) 0.73 0.44 +65.7%2023 HIGHLIGHTSAUM at more than €31bn  up +1.7%. Fee-Paying AUM at more than €20bn  up +5.8%Robust fundraising in a challenging environment: Flagship Fund V passed €9.0bn in commitments  fundraising continues into 2024; NextGen Fund I closed at target size of €1.2bnFour investments announced across Flagship and NextGen investment strategiesAll funds continued to perform on or ahead of planStrong revenue growth of +32.1% with long-term contracted management fees representing more than 98% of revenueSignificant underlying EBITDA growth of +48.2%  underlying EBITDA margin at 62% (vs. 55% in 2022)Underlying net income growth of +60.6%Proposed full-year dividend of €0.71 per share (+69% vs. last year)  representing a payout ratio of close to 100%2024 outlook: successful completion of fundraising for Flagship Fund V above €10bn target  underlying EBITDA expected at or above 2023 levelALAIN RAUSCHER  chairman and CEO  declared: “Antin delivered strong financial results in 2023  with significant growth across all financial metrics  including considerably higher EBITDA and net income. This is entirely driven by increased management fees that are long-term contracted  while the potential for future performance fee revenues remains substantial. In a challenging market for fundraising  we already secured 90% of Fund V's target  raising significant commitments from existing investors and record commitments from new investors. We also closed NextGen Fund I at its target. Meanwhile  our portfolio companies continued to deliver growth and robust margin improvements  resulting in resilient fund valuations. Most important  we believe the medium-term prospects for infrastructure and for Antin are better than ever  with supportive megatrends such as the energy transition and the digitalisation of infrastructure providing substantial growth opportunities.”ACTIVITY UPDATEFUNDRAISINGFundraising amounted to €1.8bn in 2023 (€2.4bn including co-investment)  of which €1.6bn related to Flagship Fund V and €0.2bn to NextGen Fund I. Fundraising conditions remained complex  primarily due to fund investor liquidity and capital allocation constraintsamounted to €1.8bn in 2023 (€2.4bn including co-investment)  of which €1.6bn related to Flagship Fund V and €0.2bn to NextGen Fund I. Fundraising conditions remained complex  primarily due to fund investor liquidity and capital allocation constraints Flagship Fund V passed €9.0bn in commitments in 2023  representing 90% of the Fund’s target size of €10bn and already close to +40% above the €6.5bn raised for Flagship Fund IV. More than €5.6bn (~60%) of commitments were raised from returning fund investors and a record €3.4bn (~40%) of commitments were raised from new ones. The final close is expected in 2024passed €9.0bn in commitments in 2023  representing 90% of the Fund’s target size of €10bn and already close to +40% above the €6.5bn raised for Flagship Fund IV. More than €5.6bn (~60%) of commitments were raised from returning fund investors and a record €3.4bn (~40%) of commitments were raised from new ones. The final close is expected in 2024 NextGen Fund I successfully held a final closing at €1.2bn in 4Q 2023  reaching its target size and demonstrating Antin’s ability to successfully raise capital for new investment strategiessuccessfully held a final closing at €1.2bn in 4Q 2023  reaching its target size and demonstrating Antin’s ability to successfully raise capital for new investment strategies Antin also achieved significant strategic fundraising objectives  including strong re-investments from its existing fund investors  a significant expansion of its fund investor base  as well as continued geographic diversification. Across its three investment strategies  Antin had more than 320 fund investors at the end of 2023  up +60% since its Initial Public Offering in September 2021INVESTMENT ACTIVITYInvestments totalled €2.0bn in 2023 (€2.1bn including co-investment)  with four investments announced across Flagship and NextGentotalled €2.0bn in 2023 (€2.1bn including co-investment)  with announced across Flagship and NextGen The cash tender offer for 100% of OPDEnergy was announced in 2Q 2023 and marked the second portfolio investment of Flagship Fund V . The offer received regulatory approval of the Spanish authorities in 1Q 2024. The acquisition of Consilium Safety   announced in 4Q 2023  marked the third portfolio investment of Flagship Fund V  resulting in the fund being ~26% committed as of 31 December 2023was announced in 2Q 2023 and marked the second portfolio investment of . The offer received regulatory approval of the Spanish authorities in 1Q 2024. The acquisition of   announced in 4Q 2023  marked the third portfolio investment of Flagship Fund V  resulting in the fund being ~26% committed as of 31 December 2023 NextGen Fund I announced two investments in 2023  including the acquisition of smart grid business PearlX and a joint venture with Enviro  backed by Michelin   to create the world’s first large-scale tyre recycling plant. Both investments demonstrate Antin’s strong commitment to the energy transition and circular economy. NextGen Fund I was ~48% committed as of 31 December 2023announced two investments in 2023  including the acquisition of smart grid business and a   to create the world’s first large-scale tyre recycling plant. Both investments demonstrate Antin’s strong commitment to the energy transition and circular economy. NextGen Fund I was ~48% committed as of 31 December 2023 While Mid Cap Fund I announced no new investments in 2023  additional capital was invested in growth and the development of the existing portfolio companies  resulting in the fund being ~47% committed as of 31 December 2023. Antin announced its investment in Excellence Imagerie in January 2024  after the end of the reporting periodEXIT ACTIVITYRealisations slowed in 2023  consistent with the broader private infrastructure exit activity. Antin signed and completed the sale of Hesley Group in 4Q 2023Flagship Fund III and Fund III-B were 38% and 26% realised respectively as of 31 December 2023. Flagship Fund II was 92% realised  with one remaining portfolio companyFUND PERFORMANCEAll funds continued to perform either on plan or above plan  supported by continued growth and robust margin evolution across the portfolio  demonstrating the strength of Antin’s risk-reward investment framework and the resilience of the portfolio companies held by the Antin FundsFlagship Funds II and III are ahead of plan with Gross Multiples of 2.6x and 1.8x respectively. Flagship Fund IV and Fund III‑B are early in their post-investment periods and performing on plan with Gross Multiples of 1.3x and 1.6x. Mid Cap Fund I  NextGen Fund I and Flagship Fund V are in the investment period. They continue to deploy capital and build their respective portfolios  with Gross Multiples of 1.2x  1.0x and 1.1x respectivelyINCOME STATEMENT ANALYSISREVENUERevenue reached €282.9m in 2023  up +32.1%. This strong increase was driven by higher management fees  which accounted for more than 98% of total revenue. They are generated by funds raised with a contractual duration of 10 years and provide significant predictability to Antin’s revenuereached €282.9m in 2023  up +32.1%. This strong increase was driven by higher management fees  which accounted for more than 98% of total revenue. They are generated by funds raised with a contractual duration of 10 years and provide significant predictability to Antin’s revenue Management fees in 2023 totalled €278.4m  up +33.1% or €69.2m. They benefited from the scale-up of the Flagship investment strategy and the successful final closing of the inaugural NextGen Fund Management fees from Flagship Funds grew by €62.5m. Flagship Fund V generated an additional €91.4m in fees in 2023  benefitting from a twelve-month contribution to revenue in 2023 compared to a five-month contribution in 2022  and from additional funds raised during the year. Management fees for Flagship Fund IV decreased by €22.5m in 2023 as the Fund entered the post-investment period on 2 August 2022. From that date  Flagship Fund IV began charging management fees at a lower fee rate on the cost of investments not yet realised. Due to the realisation of investments  management fees from Flagship Fund III and Fund III-B declined by €3.6m and €1.2m respectively Management fees generated by Antin’s latest investment strategy  NextGen   increased by €6.7m in 2023. Fundraising of NextGen Fund I continued in 2023 until the Fund held its final closing at target in the fourth quarter The effective management fee rate (1) stood at 1.32% in 2023 compared with 1.35% in 2022. The slight decrease in the fee rate is driven primarily by Flagship Fund IV moving from the investment period to the post-investment period on 2 August 2022  and therefore charging a management fee rate of approximately 1.2% compared to approximately 1.5% beforein 2023 totalled €278.4m  up +33.1% or €69.2m. They benefited from the scale-up of the Flagship investment strategy and the successful final closing of the inaugural NextGen Fund In addition  carried interest and investment income recorded a loss of €(1.2)m in 2023  compared with a gain of €2.1m in 2022. Carried interest revenue amounted to €(0.1)m and investment income amounted to €(1.0)m in 2023. The recognition of negative investment income is primarily due to the ordinary J‑curve effects related to Flagship Fund V and NextGen Fund I  which are early in the fund’s life cycle. In particular  Flagship Fund V is incurring fund level expenses for the evaluation of investment opportunities and management fees while only one portfolio company was subject to revaluationEBITDAUnderlying EBITDA reached €175.5m in 2023  up +48.2%  significantly above the revenue growth of +32.1%. It benefited from operating leverage  resulting in a larger increase in revenues than in operating expenses  following the hiring of employees and investments in the build-out of the operating platform in prior years. Underlying EBITDA margin stood at 62%  up 7 percentage points compared to 2022. The growth in underlying EBITDA and the margin expansion demonstrate the scalability of Antin’s business model and are the result of operating leverage embedded in our business modelreached €175.5m in 2023  up +48.2%  significantly above the revenue growth of +32.1%. It benefited from operating leverage  resulting in a larger increase in revenues than in operating expenses  following the hiring of employees and investments in the build-out of the operating platform in prior years. stood at 62%  up 7 percentage points compared to 2022. The growth in underlying EBITDA and the margin expansion demonstrate the scalability of Antin’s business model and are the result of operating leverage embedded in our business model Total operating expenses amounted to €107.4m in 2023  an increase of +12.2%  driven by higher personnel expensesamounted to €107.4m in 2023  an increase of +12.2%  driven by higher personnel expenses Personnel expenses stood at €74.2m in 2023  up +15.1% driven by higher headcount to support growth  inflation-linked wage increases and promotions The number of employees   excluding the fund administration team based in Luxembourg  grew by +10.9%  from 174 as of 31 December 2022 to 193 as of 31 December 2023. The number of employees increased primarily in the investment team and in operations. The investment team continued to be strengthened to accompany the growth in Fee-Paying AUM. Hiring in New York outpaced other office locations in support of Antin’s expansion in North America. The build-out of the operations team was linked to the Group’s growth and enhances the platform’s scalability. It included among other areas key hires in technology and sustainability The remaining increase in personnel expenses was driven by wage increases related to inflation and promotionsstood at €74.2m in 2023  up +15.1% driven by higher headcount to support growth  inflation-linked wage increases and promotions Other operating expenses and taxes totalled €33.2m in 2023  up by +6.2% The largest share of the increase came from administration fees  which are related to Antin’s in-house fund administration platform based in Luxembourg and recharged to the funds  generating an equal amount of revenue and thus no impact on EBITDAtotalled €33.2m in 2023  up by +6.2% Reported EBITDA stood at €114.4m in 2023 compared with €20.9m in 2022. The difference between underlying and reported EBITDA relates entirely to the non-recurring Free Share Plan implemented at the time of the IPO and hedge transactions associated with the planNET INCOMEUnderlying net income amounted to €127.9m in 2023  up +60.6%amounted to €127.9m in 2023  up +60.6% Depreciation & amortisation stood at €16.1m in 2023  up +20.3%  driven by the amortisation of placement fees related to fundraising and the depreciation linked to the recognition of right-of-use assets related to lease agreements for the expansion of the Group’s offices in Paris and Londonstood at €16.1m in 2023  up +20.3%  driven by the amortisation of placement fees related to fundraising and the depreciation linked to the recognition of right-of-use assets related to lease agreements for the expansion of the Group’s offices in Paris and London Net financial result increased significantly to an income of €10.6m in 2023 compared to a €(1.6)m expense in 2022. This is primarily due to the allocation of Antin’s significant cash balances to short-term deposit accounts and money market instruments earning interest following increases in interest ratesincreased significantly to an income of €10.6m in 2023 compared to a €(1.6)m expense in 2022. This is primarily due to the allocation of Antin’s significant cash balances to short-term deposit accounts and money market instruments earning interest following increases in interest rates Income tax totalled €42.1m in 2023. The effective tax rate increased to 25% from 23%  due mostly to changes in the United Kingdom effective as of 1 April 2023  increasing the corporate tax rate from 19.0% to 25.0%totalled €42.1m in 2023. The effective tax rate increased to 25% from 23%  due mostly to changes in the United Kingdom effective as of 1 April 2023  increasing the corporate tax rate from 19.0% to 25.0% Underlying Earnings Per Share (EPS) after dilution amounted to €0.73 per share in 2023  up +65.7% compared with €0.44 per share in 2022. This increase is driven primarily by the increase in underlying net income. It also benefited from lower dilution effects related to the Free Share Planamounted to €0.73 per share in 2023  up +65.7% compared with €0.44 per share in 2022. This increase is driven primarily by the increase in underlying net income. It also benefited from lower dilution effects related to the Free Share Plan Reported net income amounted to €74.8m in 2023 compared to €(16.8)m in 2022BALANCE SHEET AND COMMITMENTSThe balance sheet remained strong as of 31 December 2023  with €423.9m in cash and cash equivalents and no borrowings or financial liabilitiesremained strong as of 31 December 2023  with €423.9m in cash and cash equivalents and no borrowings or financial liabilities Antin’s commitments in relation to its investments in the Antin Funds and in Carried Interest totalled €184.2m as of 31 December 2023  of which €128.9m is uncalled capital that constitutes an off-balance sheet commitment. It included €108.7m related to investments in Antin Funds and €20.2m related to investments in the Carried InterestDISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERSAt the Shareholder Meeting on 13 June 2024  a full-year distribution of €0.71 per share will be proposed to shareholders for the fiscal year 2023  representing an increase of +69% compared with the previous year. The total estimated payout would amount to €127.2m  representing a payout ratio of close to 100% of underlying net income. The proposed distribution will be entirely paid out of distributable incomewill be proposed to shareholders for the fiscal year 2023  representing an increase of +69% compared with the previous year. The total estimated payout would amount to €127.2m  representing a payout ratio of close to 100% of underlying net income. The proposed distribution will be entirely paid out of distributable income The first instalment of €0.32 per share  equivalent to €57.3 million  was distributed on 16 November 2023 and the remaining balance of €0.39 per share  equivalent to €69.9m  will be paid on 19 June 2024  with the ex-dividend date set for 17 June 2024GOVERNANCEAntin’s Board of Directors  which met on 6 March 2024  approved the audited financial statements for the 2023 fiscal year. The Statutory Auditors are in the process of issuing a report with an unqualified opinion  which will be issued in the 2023 Universal Registration DocumentThe Board of Directors decided to propose the re‑appointments as Directors of Alain Rauscher  Mark Crosbie  Mélanie Biessy and Ramon de Oliveira to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on 13 June 2024. The current two-year term of office for Russell Chambers will end at the time of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. The Board warmly thanked him for his contributions to the work of the Board of Directors and for his active involvement in the Audit and Nomination and Compensation CommitteesPOST-CLOSING EVENTAcquisition of Excellence Imagerie. Antin announced on 22 January 2024 the investment in Excellence Imagerie  a leading medical imaging group in France  marking the sixth investment for Mid Cap Fund IOUTLOOKGrowth . Growth in Fee-Paying AUM above that of the infrastructure market over a fund cycle. Successful completion of fundraising for Flagship Fund V in 2024 above the Fund’s target size of €10bn. Growth in Fee-Paying AUM above that of the infrastructure market over a fund cycle. Successful completion of fundraising for Flagship Fund V in 2024 above the Fund’s target size of €10bn EBITDA. Underlying EBITDA in 2024 expected to be at or above prior year levelUnderlying EBITDA in 2024 expected to be at or above prior year level Distribution to shareholders. Majority of cash earnings to be distributed with the absolute quantum of annual dividends expected to grow over time. Distributions paid in two instalments per year  one in autumn and the second after the Annual Shareholders' MeetingWEBCAST PRESENTATION Antin’s management will hold a webcast presentation to present the full-year 2023 earnings today at 11:00am CET (10:00am London time)Please visit Antin’s shareholder website https://shareholders.antin-ip.com/ to listen to the webcast or click here . A replay will also be available after the event.CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSINCOME STATEMENT ON AN UNDERLYING BASIS(€m) 2023 2022 Management fees 278.4 209.2 Carried interest and investment income (1.2) 2.1 Administrative fees and other revenue net 5.7 2.8 TOTAL REVENUE 282.9 214.2 Personnel expenses (74.2) (64.5) Other operating expenses & tax (33.2) (31.2) TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES (107.4) (95.7) UNDERLYING EBITDA 175.5 118.5 % margin 62% 55% Depreciation and amortisation (16.1) (13.4) UNDERLYING EBIT 159.4 105.1 Net financial income and expenses 10.6 (1.6) UNDERLYING PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX 170.0 103.5 Income tax (42.1) (23.8) % income tax 25% 23% UNDERLYING NET INCOME 127.9 79.7 % margin 45% 37% Underlying earnings per share (€) - before dilution 0.73 0.46 - after dilution 0.73 0.44 Weighted average number of shares - before dilution 175 571 129 174 531 363 - after dilution 176 316 749 181 978 992INCOME STATEMENT: RECONCILIATION FROM UNDERLYING TO IFRS(€m  2023) Underlying basis Non-recurring items IFRS basis Management fees 278.4 - 278.4 Carried interest and investment income (1.2) - (1.2) Administrative fees and other revenue net 5.7 - 5.7 TOTAL REVENUE 282.9 - 282.9 Personnel expenses (74.2) (60.8) (135.0) Other operating expenses & tax (33.2) (0.2) (33.4) TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES (107.4) (61.1) (168.4) EBITDA 175.5 (61.1) 114.4 Depreciation and amortisation (16.1) - (16.1) EBIT 159.4 (61.1) 98.3 Net financial income and expenses 10.6 (3.6) 7.0 PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX 170.0 (64.7) 105.3 Income tax (42.1) 11.5 (30.5) NET INCOME 127.9 (53.1) 74.8In 2023  Antin recognised €60.8m in personnel expenses related to the Free Share Plan  of which €57.2m related to compensation expenses and €3.7m to social charges. Antin also recognised financial expenses of €3.6m related to the financing of the hedge transaction associated with the Free Share Plan and a €11.5m reduction of its income tax liability.BALANCE SHEET(€m) 31-Dec-2023 31-Dec-2022 Property  equipment and intangible assets 20.6 19.0 Right-of-use assets 49.8 50.6 Financial assets 53.4 41.6 Deferred tax assets and other non-current assets 17.1 17.2 TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 140.9 128.4 Cash and cash equivalents 423.9 422.0 Accrued income 14.4 8.7 Other current assets 38.4 37.7 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 476.7 468.4 TOTAL ASSETS 617.7 596.8 TOTAL EQUITY 497.5 473.5 Borrowings and financial liabilities - - Lease liabilities 50.1 51.9 Other non-current liabilities 4.1 8.3 TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 54.1 60.2 Borrowings and financial liabilities - - Lease liabilities 7.4 6.0 Income tax liabilities 14.6 1.8 Other current liabilities 44.0 55.3 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 66.0 63.1 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 617.7 596.8CASH FLOW STATEMENT(€m) 2023 2022 NET CASH INFLOW / (OUTFLOW) RELATED TO OPERATING ACTIVITIES 125.8 103.9 Of which (increase) / decrease in working capital requirement (43.3) (6.0) NET CASH INFLOW / (OUTFLOW) RELATED TO INVESTING ACTIVITIES (17.8) (23.9) Of which investment in financial assets (18.7) (8.7) Of which purchase of property and equipment (5.2) (15.4) Of which proceeds related to financial assets 7.4 - Of which net change in other financial assets (1.3) 0.2 NET CASH INFLOW / (OUTFLOW) RELATED TO FINANCING ACTIVITIES (105.6) (50.7) Of which dividends paid (106.1) (43.6) Of which payment of lease liabilities (6.0) (3.4) Of which disposal / (repurchase) of treasury shares (4.3) (1.2) Of which net financial interest received and paid 10.7 (2.4) NET INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 2.3 29.3 Cash and cash equivalents  beginning of period 422.0 392.6 Translation differences on cash and cash equivalents (0.4) 0.1 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  END OF PERIOD 423.9 422.0APPENDIXDEVELOPMENT OF AUM AND FEE-PAYING AUM OVER THE LAST TWELVE MONTHS(€bn) AUM Fee-Paying AUM Beginning of period  31 December 2022 30.6 19.1 Gross inflows 2.4 2.1 Step-downs - - Realisations (2) (1.6) (1.0) Revaluations (0.3) - End of period  31 December 2023 31.1 20.2 Change in % +1.7% +5.8%ACTIVITY REPORT(€bn) Dec-2023last twelve months Dec-2022last twelve months AUM 31.1 30.6 Fee-Paying AUM 20.2 19.1 Fundraising 1.8 8.2 Fundraising incl. co-investments 2.4 8.2 Investments 2.0 2.7 Investments incl. co-investments 2.1 3.5 Gross exits - 2.2 Gross exits incl. co-investments - 2.4KEY STATS BY FUNDFund Vintage AUM€bn FPAUM€bn CommittedCapital€bn %Committed %Realised GrossMultiple Expectation Flagship Fund II 2013 0.6 0.3 1.8 87% 92% 2.6x Above plan Fund III (2) 2016 5.6 2.0 3.6 89% 38% 1.8x Above plan Fund IV 2019 10.9 4.6 6.5 87% - 1.3x On plan Fund III-B 2020 1.5 0.8 1.2 88% 26% 1.6x On plan Fund V (3) 2022 8.9 9.0 9.0 26% - 1.1x On plan Mid Cap Fund I 2021 2.2 2.2 2.2 47% - 1.2x On plan NextGen Fund I 2021 1.4 1.2 1.2 48% - 1.0x On plan(€bn) COST OF INVESTMENTS VALUE OF INVESTMENTS Fund Vintage FPAUM CommittedCapital Total Realised Remaining Total Realised Remaining Flagship Fund II 2013 0.3 1.8 1.6 1.3 0.3 4.1 3.8 0.3 Fund III (3) 2016 2.0 3.6 2.9 0.7 2.3 5.9 2.0 3.9 Fund IV 2019 4.6 6.5 4.6 - 4.6 6.2 - 6.2 Fund III-B 2020 0.8 1.2 1.1 0.3 0.8 1.8 0.5 1.3 Fund V (4) 2022 9.0 9.0 0.8 - 0.8 1.0 - 1.0 Mid Cap Fund I 2021 2.2 2.2 0.9 - 0.9 1.1 - 1.1 NextGen Fund I 2021 1.2 1.2 0.2 - 0.2 0.2 - 0.2DEFINITIONSAntin: Umbrella term for Antin Infrastructure Partners S.A.Antin Funds: Investment vehicles managed by Antin Infrastructure Partners SAS or Antin Infrastructure Partners UKAssets Under Management (AUM): Operational performance measure representing the assets managed by Antin from which it is entitled to receive management fees  undrawn commitments  the assets from co-investment vehicles which do not generate management fees or carried interest  and the net value appreciation on current investmentsCarried Interest: A form of investment income that Antin and other carried interest investors are contractually entitled to receive directly or indirectly from the Antin Funds  which is inherently variable and fully dependent on the performance of the relevant Antin Fund(s) and its/their underlying investments% Committed: Measures the share of a fund’s total commitments that has been deployed. Calculated as the sum of (i) closed and/or signed investments (ii) any earn-outs and/or purchase price adjustments  (iii) funds approved by the Investment Committee for add-on transactions  (iv) less any expected syndication  as a % of a fund’s committed capital at a given timeCommitted Capital: The total amounts that fund investors agree to make available to a fund during a specified time periodFee-Paying Assets Under Management (FPAUM): The portion of AUM from which Antin is entitled to receive management fees across all of the Antin Funds at a given timeGross Exits: Value amount of realisation of investments through a sale or write-off of an investment made by an Antin Fund. Refers to signed realisations in a given periodGross Inflow: New commitments through fundraising activities or increased investment in funds charging fees after the investment periodGross Multiple: Calculated by dividing (i) the sum of (a) the total cash distributed to the Antin Fund from the portfolio company and (b) the total residual value (excluding provision for carried interest) of the Fund’s investments by (ii) the capital invested by the Fund (including fees and expenses but excluding carried interest). Total residual value of an investment is defined as the fair market value together with any proceeds from the investment that have not yet been realised. Gross Multiple is used to evaluate the return on an Antin Fund in relation to the initial amount invested.Investments: Signed investments by an Antin FundRealisations: Cost amount of realisation of investments through a sale or write-off of an investment made by an Antin Fund. Refers to signed realisations in a given period% Realised: Measures the share of a fund’s total value creation that has been realised. Calculated as realised value over the sum of realised value and remaining value at a given timeRealised Value / (Realised Cost): Value (cost) of an investment  or parts of an investment  that at the time has been realisedRemaining Value / (Remaining Costs): Value (cost) of an investment  or parts of an investment  currently owned by Antin Funds (including investments for which an exit has been announced but not yet completed)Step-Downs: Normally resulting from the end of the investment period in an existing fund  or when a subsequent fund begins to investUnderlying EBITDA: Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortisation  excluding any non-recurring effectsUnderlying Profit: Net profit excluding post-tax non-recurring effectsABOUT ANTIN INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERSAntin Infrastructure Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on infrastructure. With over €30bn in Assets under Management across its Flagship  Mid Cap and NextGen investment strategies  Antin targets investments in the energy and environment  digital  transport and social infrastructure sectors. With offices in Paris  London  New York  Singapore  Seoul and Luxembourg  Antin employs over 220 professionals dedicated to growing  improving and transforming infrastructure businesses while delivering long-term value to portfolio companies and investors. Majority owned by its partners  Antin is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: ANTIN – ISIN: FR0014005AL0)https://shareholders.antin-ip.com/Financial Calendar 1Q 2024 Activity Update 30 April 2024 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting 13 June 2024 Half-Year 2024 Results 11 September 2024 3Q 2024 Activity Update 30 October 2024(1) Excluding catch-up fees and management fees for Fund III-B (2) Gross exits for AUM and exits at cost for Fee-Paying AUM (3) % realised and Value of investments include the partial sale of portfolio companies from Flagship Fund III to Fund III-B (4) Fundraising ongoing. % invested calculated based on the Fund’s target commitments of €10bnView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240306210403/en/,neutral,0.38,0.61,0.01,positive,0.67,0.31,0.02,True,English,"['Strong Financial Performance', 'Net Income', 'Antin', 'March', '01', 'future performance fee revenues', 'long-term contracted management fees', 'significant strategic fundraising objectives', 'Significant underlying EBITDA growth', 'Initial Public Offering', 'substantial growth opportunities', 'resilient fund valuations', 'fund investor liquidity', 'fund investor base', 'three investment strategies', 'strong financial results', 'robust margin improvements', 'second portfolio investment', 'third portfolio investment', 'underlying EBITDA margin', 'capital allocation constraints', 'Flagship Fund IV', 'NextGen Fund I', 'Flagship Fund V', 'NextGen investment strategies', 'cash tender offer', 'net income growth', 'new investment strategies', 'existing fund investors', 'INVESTMENT ACTIVITY Investments', 'Strong revenue growth', 'significant growth', 'significant expansion', 'portfolio companies', '320 fund investors', 'existing investors', 'strong re-investments', 'financial metrics', 'ACTIVITY UPDATE', 'Four investments', 'higher EBITDA', 'Robust fundraising', 'new investors', 'significant commitments', 'Regulatory News', 'challenging environment', 'full-year dividend', 'last year', 'payout ratio', 'successful completion', 'ALAIN RAUSCHER', 'challenging market', 'medium-term prospects', 'supportive megatrends', 'energy transition', 'final close', 'final closing', 'geographic diversification', 'regulatory approval', 'Spanish authorities', 'Consilium Safety', 'target size', '€10bn target', 'Fundraising conditions', 'Fee-Paying AUM', 'record commitments', 'Antin', 'Paris', 'EPS', 'dilution', '2023 HIGHLIGHTS', 'funds', 'plan', 'share', '2024 outlook', '2023 level', 'chairman', 'CEO', 'potential', 'infrastructure', 'digitalisation', '4Q', 'ability', 'September', 'OPDEnergy', '2Q', '1Q', 'acquisition', '31 December', '€6.']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37170,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ITALMOBILIARE-S-P-A-35859270/news/Italmobiliare-S-p-A-The-Board-of-Directors-has-approved-the-company-s-draft-financial-statements-a-46120990/,Italmobiliare S p A : The Board of Directors has approved the company's draft financial statements at December 31  2023 -March 07  2024 at 11:34 am EST,(marketscreener.com) that the accounting information contained in this press release agrees with the supporting documentation  books of account and accounting entries.   Disclaimer - This press release may contain forward-looking statements. These statemen…,"PRESS RELEASE The Board of Directors has approved the company's draft financial statements at December 31  2023 THE GROUP CLOSES ANOTHER YEAR OF SIGNIFICANT GROWTH: NAV UP BY 172 MILLION (PERFORMANCE +10%); CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS UP SHARPLY AS A RESULT OF DISINVESTMENTS; GROWTH IN TURNOVER (+21.1%) AND EBITDA (+80.7%) AT CONSOLIDATED LEVEL. PROPOSED DIVIDEND TOTALLING 3 EURO PER SHARE  AMOUNTING TO 126.8 MILLION. At December 31  2023  the NAV of Italmobiliare S.p.A.  excluding treasury shares  comes to 2 201 million euro  an increase of 172.3 million euro compared with December 31  2022. NAV per share comes to 52.1 euro and  including the distribution of dividends during 2023 of 0.70 euro per share  shows a positive performance of approximately 10% .per share comes to 52.1 euro and  including the distribution of dividends during 2023 of 0.70 euro per share  . In October 2023 Italmobiliare sold its stake in Florence InvestCo S.r.l.  receiving 78.2 million euro with a capital gain of over 45 million and a cash-on-cash return of 2.5x. In February 2024  the entire stake held in AGN Energia was also sold for 100 million euro  with a capital gain of approximately 40 million euro and a cash-on-cash return of 1.8x.cash-on-cash return of 2.5x. In February 2024  the entire stake held in AGN Energia was also sold for 100 million euro  with a capital gain of approximately 40 million euro and a cash-on-cash return of 1.8x. The net financial position of Italmobiliare S.p.A. has improved by 52.8 million euro  standing at 204.3 million euro at December 31  2023. Then there is about 100 million euro earned from the sale of AGN Energia  which took place after the end of the year.The Group closes 2023 with positive results linked to the further development of the Portfolio Companies. At a consolidated level  turnover came in at 585.8 million euro (+ 21.1% on 2022)  with EBITDA rising to 99.2 million (+80.7% )(+ on 2022)  with ) At an aggregate level  there has been growth in the revenue of the industrial Portfolio Companies(1 438 million euro  +6.1%) with EBITDA substantially stable (213 million  +0.7%). Specifically:o In the food sector  Caffè Borbone and Capitelli closed the year with double-digit growth in revenues and EBITDA compared with 2022. Caffè Borbone posted revenue of more than 300 million euro for the first time (+14.3%) with EBITDA of 79.7 million (+21%)  while Capitelli saw revenue grow to 22.4 million (+16.8%) with EBITDA of 3.5 million (+24.6%).o The performance of Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella was very positive  with revenue increasing by 20.5% to 56.2 million euro and EBITDA growing by 38.3%. These results are attributable to the success of the new product lines and the excellent performance of the retail channel.o The development path of CDS-Casa della Salute continues. During the year  it inaugurated 12 new healthcare facilities  bringing the total of the group's clinics to 26  with an increase in revenue of 42.8 million (+31.8%)o Italgen  the Group's green energy company  posted increases in revenue and EBITDA of 13.7% and 29% respectively.(1 438 million euro  +6.1%) with EBITDA substantially stable (213 million  +0.7%). Specifically: In the food sector  Caffè Borbone and Capitelli closed the year with double-digit growth in revenues and EBITDA compared with 2022. Caffè Borbone posted revenue of more than 300 million euro for the first time (+14.3%) with EBITDA of 79.7 million (+21%)  while Capitelli saw revenue grow to 22.4 million (+16.8%) with EBITDA of 3.5 million (+24.6%). The performance of Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella was very positive  with revenue increasing by 20.5% to 56.2 million euro and EBITDA growing by 38.3%. These results are attributable to the success of the new product lines and the excellent performance of the retail channel. The development path of CDS-Casa della Salute continues. During the year  it inaugurated 12 new healthcare facilities  bringing the total of the group's clinics to 26  with an increase in revenue of 42.8 million (+31.8%) Italgen  the Group's green energy company  posted increases in revenue and EBITDA of 13.7% and 29% respectively. The decarbonisation path continues  guided by the methodological approach of the Science Based Targets initiative  which all of the Portfolio Companies have joined  following the Holding Company's example.In consideration of the good results for the year and the increase in cash available after the disinvestments  the Board of Directors will propose to the next Shareholders' Meeting the distribution of a dividend totalling 3 euro per share. 1Milan  March 7  2024 - Today the Board of Directors of Italmobiliare S.p.A. reviewed and approved the consolidated financial statements and the draft separate financial statements of the Company at December 31  2023. The Board of Directors will propose the distribution of a total dividend of 3 euro (of which 0.80 euro ordinary component and 2.2 euro extraordinary component). In 2023 the Italmobiliare Group recorded positive trends linked to the development and continuous improvement in the efficiency of the portfolio companies. At a consolidated level  the turnover of the Group stands at 585.8 million euro  up by 21.1% compared with 2022  mainly thanks to the positive contributions made by Caffè Borbone  Casa della Salute  Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella and Italgen. EBITDA of 99.2 million euro is up by 80.7% compared with last year  again thanks to excellent performances on the part of Caffè Borbone  Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella and Italgen. Excluding treasury shares  Italmobiliare's Net Asset Value is equal to 2 201 million euro (2 029 million euro at December 31  2022). The NAV per share (excluding treasury shares) is equal to 52.1 euro and  considering the distribution of dividends of 0.70 euro per share  shows an increase of around 10% compared with the figure at December 31  2022. As regards realising the value of the portfolio investments  October saw completion of the sale of Florence InvestCo S.r.l.  in which Italmobiliare had a 13.98% interest. Florence is a successful project and Italmobiliare made an important contribution to its birth and development  creating in just a few years an excellence in textile manufacturing with important development prospects. From the sale  the Holding Company earned 78.2 million euro against an investment of 30.7 million euro  giving an IRR of 51.2%. In February 2024  the stake in AGN Energia owned by Italmobiliare was also sold. Italmobiliare entered the capital of Autogas Nord in January 2019 through an increase in capital that helped to finance the acquisition of Lampogas  laying the bases for the birth of AGN Energia  now a leading group in the LPG sector  which in just a few years has been the protagonist of an extraordinary development. From the sale  Italmobiliare earned 100 million euro  approximately 20% more than the latest NAV at September 30  2023  with a capital gain of approximately 40 million euro and a cash-on-cash return of 1.8x; the economic effects of this transaction will be recorded in 2024  while the NAV at December 31  2023 has been aligned with the sale value of the investment. ""Italmobiliare S.p.A. closed the 2023 financial statements with a profit of 51.6 million euro  an increase of 54.1% compared with 33.5 million in 2022. At December 31  2023  the net financial position of Italmobiliare S.p.A. saw an improvement of 52.8 million euro  going from 151.5 million euro at December 31  2022 to 204.3 million euro at December 31  2023. Added to these are the approximately 100 million euros collected following the sale of AGN Energia  which took place after the end of the year. The 2023 results  which in a challenging context see growth in NAV  revenue and EBITDA at a consolidated level  confirm the value of our diversified portfolio of Italian industrial excellence - commented Carlo Pesenti  CEO of Italmobiliare -. Realising the value of the investments in Florence and AGN Energia  which we have pro-actively supported in a process of transformation and growth  also demonstrates Italmobiliare's strategic flexibility in seizing opportunities to rotate the portfolio if the process of accompanying the business has been completed and market conditions suggest that it is the right time to sell. Italmobiliare's increased cash availability and the strong financial position of our companies enable us to propose a significant dividend to the Shareholders' Meeting  to testify to the market the soundness of our investment and development strategy. In 2024 our focus will still be on driving growth through targeted M&A operations and add-ons aimed at the organic development and international expansion of the main portfolio companies."" ""In 2023 we gave further impetus to the decarbonisation path guided by the methodological approach of the Science Based Targets initiative  which all of the Portfolio Companies have joined  following the Holding Company's example  underlines the Chairman  Laura Zanetti . We are also committed to the further development of a culture of health  safety and well-being understood as an ethical and business efficiency model and to the adoption of people development plans aimed at professional growth  inclusion and gender equality. The objective of the Group  already well positioned in the main ESG Ratings worldwide  is to further consolidate its sustainable strategy  based on solid governance. It is built on the highest global references  including the UN Global Compact  and extends to the entire value chain."" 2NET ASSET VALUE (NAV) At December 31  2023  the NAV per share (excluding treasury shares) was € 52.1 and  including the distribution of dividends during 2023 of € 0.70 per share  showed a positive performance of around 10% compared with the figure at December 31  2022. As of 31 December 2023  the NAV per share (excluding treasury shares) was EUR 52.1 and  including the distribution of dividends during 2023 of EUR 0.70 per share  showed a positive performance of about 10% compared to the same value as of 31 December 2022. The Net Asset Value of Italmobiliare S.p.A.  excluding treasury shares  comes to 2 201 million euro (2 029 million euro at December 31  2022); considering the distribution of 29.5 million euro of dividends during the year  the net performance is positive for 201.8 million euro. The increase in the Net Asset Value of 172.3 million euro is mainly due to the positive performance of the Portfolio Companies for 157.7 million euro  relating in particular to Caffè Borbone and Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella and the Other Equity Investments for 61.6 million euro. NAV NAV per share (in millions of euro) (euro) December 31  2022 2 029.1 48.0 December 31  2023 2 201.4 52.1 Change 172.3 4.1 Dividends paid 29.5 0.7 Net performance 201.8 4.8 Net performance % 9.9% At the end of the year  the component represented by the Portfolio Companies was equal to 69% of NAV for a total value of 1 518.3 million euro (1 359.1 million euro at the end of 2022). In addition to the 157.7 million euro increase in value  the overall change of 159.2 million euro is also the result of the increases in capital or payments towards future increase in capital of Casa della Salute (16.9 million euro) and SIDI Sport (15 million euro)  net of dividends of 30.5 million euro. DIVIDEND The Board of Directors of Italmobiliare will propose to the Shareholders' Meeting on April 23 the distribution of an ordinary dividend of 0.80 euro per share and an extraordinary dividend of 2.2 euro per share  paid out of the profit for the year for 51 577 083 euro and out of retained earnings from previous years for 75 271 707 euro. Payment will be made on May 8  2024  in one tranche  going ex-coupon on May 6  2024 (with a record date of May 7  2024). SUMMARY OF RESULTS Italmobiliare S.p.A. closed the 2023 financial statements with a profit of 51.6 million euro  an increase of 54.1% compared with 33.5 million in 2022. During the year  the company recorded revenue and income of 120.4 million euro (137 million at December 31  2022) and a gross operating profit of 67.7 million (70.3 million in 2022). Net income and charges from equity investments are positive for 71.8 million euro  up by over 3.0 million euro compared with 68.8 million euro at December 31  2022. Net income and expenses from the investment of liquid assets  on the other hand  increased by 29.4 million euro  mainly due to the positive performance of the investment and private equity funds. Other income and expenses are negative for 34.5 million euro  an increase compared to the previous year as they include higher operating expenses of 6.4 million euro (relating to the LTI disbursement for the previous three-year period). At December 31  2023  the net financial position of Italmobiliare S.p.A. saw an increase of 52.8 million euro  going from 151.5 million euro at December 31  2022 to 204.3 million euro at December 31  2023. Among the main outflows are: investments in private equity funds  net of redemptions (-25.2 million euro)  investments in portfolio companies (-31.9 million euro)  other investments (-7.8 million euro)  overheads  taxes and incentive plans (-39.1 million euro). These outflows were more than offset by the sales of Florence InvestCo (+78.2 million euro)  of Heidelberg Materials AG and other equity investments (+36.6 million euro)  the repayment of capital by Sirap Gema and FT2 (+16 million euro) and the 3positive net flow between payment of the ordinary dividend and dividends received (+16.1 million euro). Lastly  cash management was positive  generating 9.5 million euro. At a consolidated level  in 2023 the Italmobiliare Group posted revenue and income of 585.8 million euro  up by 21.1% compared with 2022. The increase is mainly attributable to the higher revenue earned by Caffè Borbone (+37.7 million euro)  Casa della Salute (+10.3 million euro)  Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella (+9.5 million euro) and Italgen (+6.9 million euro). The gross operating profit of 99.2 million euro is up by 80.7% compared with the same period last year  mainly thanks to excellent performances on the part of Caffè Borbone  Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella and Italgen. After an increase in amortisation and depreciation and impairment losses on non-current assets compared with last year  operating profit was 56.2 million  up from 22.7 million in 2022. Taking into account the overall positive performance of the portfolio companies  the profit attributable to the owners of the parent company comes to 66.6 million  compared with 21 million at the end of 2022  and the consolidated equity attributable to the owners of the parent company amounts to 1 499.3 million (1 426.8 million at the end of 2022). PERFORMANCE OF THE PORTFOLIO COMPANIES In 2023  Italmobiliare's portfolio gave further confirmation of solidity and resilience  thanks to the quality of the assets and proactive risk management  complete integration of sustainability into its development strategies and management responsiveness at the Holding and Portfolio Companies. Even in the face of often challenging market dynamics  due to the increase in the costs of raw materials (such as coffee for Caffè Borbone and pork for Capitelli)  the temporary contraction of certain segments (e.g. the bicycle segment for SIDI Sport) or regulatory evolution (impact of the Price Cap and Sostegni Ter rules for Italgen during the first half of the year)  overall the Portfolio Companies showed better results at an aggregate level in terms of both revenue and EBITDA. More specifically  the aggregate revenue of the Industrial Portfolio Companies came to 1 438 million euro  up by 6.1% compared with 1 355.3 million at December 31  2022. What stands out in particular is the good performance of all the companies operating in the sectors where the Group is concentrating the most  also with a view to developing genuine industrial platforms: Caffè Borbone and Capitelli in food  Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella in beauty  CDS-Casa della Salute in healthcare and Italgen in the production of renewable energy. Operating profit is more or less stable at 213 million euro (+0.7% compared with 211.6 million in 2022); once again  there is a growth trend on the part of the industrial platforms considered strategic by the Holding Company  while the other companies suffered a decline in 2023 due to the challenging market context of the sectors in which they operate. It should be noted that the above figures do not include the results of AGN Energia as the buyback of the entire shareholding owned by Italmobiliare was completed on 28 February. Italmobiliare held a 32.02% stake in AGN Energia and received 100 million euro from selling it  approximately 20% more than the latest valuation of its NAV at September 30  2023 with a capital gain of around 40 million euro and a cash on cash return of 1.8x. CAFFÈ BORBONE (60% interest) Caffè Borbone has closed 2023 with revenues of 300.4 million euro  14.3% up on the previous year. The increase in revenues in Italy (+11%) is driven by Large-Scale Retail Trade  28% up on the same period of the previous year  an increase that is more than double the average growth rate of the market (+12%  source: Nielsen). An excellent performance was also achieved by the digital channel  which includes direct e-commerce  Amazon and specialised portals  which grew by 32%. Development of the foreign market also continues  with an increase of 59% on the previous year  including a good start on the part of direct management in America. The gross operating profit comes to 79.7 million euro (+21%)  with a margin on sales of 26.5%  an increase of 1 percentage point despite the fact that the cost of coffee remains very high (particularly that of Robusta  which represents the majority of the volumes purchased by the company) and investments in marketing and people in preparation for the company's development plan on the American market. 4The operating result comes to 68.2 million euro with a net profit in 2023 of 48.0 million euro. The net financial position at December 31  2023 is positive for 17.1 million euro. Neutralising the payment of dividends and the one-off impact of the asset acquisition in America  Free Cash Flow in the period was positive for 69.2 million euro  confirming yet again the Company's capacity for cash generation. OFFICINA PROFUMO-FARMACEUTICA DI SANTA MARIA NOVELLA (95% interest) 2023 was another very positive year for Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella  which turned in revenue of 56.2 million euro  20.5% up compared on the previous year. This result is helped by the excellent results of the new products launched on the market and  in particular  the enormous success achieved by I Giardini Medicei  the Officina's first Eau de Parfum collection. Excellent performances were also managed by the Idralia line  launched at the end of 2022  and by the new Acqua di Rose line  both based on formulas with centuries of history behind them. At channel level  retail did extremely well  growing in all geographies thanks to a combination of new openings and a good performance by existing stores. Wholesale and e-commerce also achieved positive results. Gross operating profit came to 15.7 million euro (+38.3%) with a 4 percentage point increase in margin compared with the previous year. This positive result was influenced by the increase in volumes and the mix of products  which allowed the company to continue investing in new direct stores  in expanding the team and in marketing and branding activities without diluting overall profit margins. The profit for 2023 comes to 6.5 million euro and the net financial position at December 31  2023 is negative for 1.9 million euro (which is negatively impacted by lease liabilities in the form of rents for direct stores). It should also be noted that  in January 2024  Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella completed the acquisition of the business unit of its distributor in Japan  with a current network of 14 directly managed points of sale. Japan thus becomes the first Asian market in which the company is present with a dedicated branch and a network of direct points of sale  a model already successfully adopted in France  Great Britain and the United States  as well as in Italy. CDS - CASA DELLA SALUTE (84.73% interest) In 2023 CDS - Casa della Salute celebrated its first ten years of activity and continued its trajectory of growth and territorial expansion through a combination of acquisitions and new clinics  inaugurating 12 new facilities over the course of the year  leading to a group total of 26 health centres  20 in Liguria and 6 in Piedmont. For Casa della Salute  2023 closes with revenue of 42.8 million euro  31.8% up compared on the previous year. Excluding the clinics opened during the previous three years  and therefore considering only the historical clinics  the like-for-like increase is 10%. The growth curves shown by the new clinics is also very positive  confirming that the CDS model functions extremely well. In terms of services  outpatient clinic activities and diagnostic services are still the main activities  with growth at above- average rates. Surgery is also growing (+42%)  indeed it is becoming an increasingly strategic segment for the CDS group. The gross operating profit comes to 5.1 million euro  a slight increase on last year. If we neutralise the 3.5 million euro in non-recurring costs aimed to support the growth mentioned previously  gross operating profit comes to 8.6 million euro  an increase of 33% compared with 6.5 million euro in 2022 (again net of non-recurring costs). The pre-tax result  negative for 5.1 million euro  can be explained above all by the non-recurring costs incurred for the new openings and acquisitions. The profit is negative for 3.7 million euro and the net financial position at December 31  2023 is negative for 66.3 million euro. ITALGEN (100% interest) During 2023  Italgen continued its strategic growth plan in the renewable energy sector and diversification of production sources  inaugurating 3 new photovoltaic plants with a total power of 8.1 MW. During the year the company posted revenue of 56.8 million euro  up by 13.7% helped by a higher level of hydroelectric energy production. Even though it was still lower than the historical average due to scarce rainfall in the first half of the year  it showed a recovery compared with a particularly dry 2022. Neutralising the effect of pass-through revenue  as well as the impact of the Ter Sostegni Decree and the Price Cap regulations  normalised revenue increased by 2.2 million. Gross operating profit amounts to 12.6 million 5euro (+29%). Normalising the impact of the Sostegni Ter/Price Cap rules  the gross operating profit for the period would be positive for 16.8 million euro. In 2023  the Italgen Group's profit stood at 3.1 million euro  lower than in 2022  taking into account the lower results achieved by the equity-accounted investees. The net financial position of the Italgen Group at December 31  2023 is negative for 34.4 million euro. Neutralising the dividends of 4.0 million euro paid in the second quarter  cash generation was negative for 0.8 million euro. Considering the investments made during the period of 16.8 million euro - mainly for the construction of the photovoltaic parks mentioned previously and for the revamping and strengthening of the Cassiglio dam - this result confirms the company's ability to generate liquidity. SIDI SPORT (100% interest) Having joined the Italmobiliare Group at the end of 2022  in 2023 SIDI Sport was undergoing a reorganisation with a view to developing the brand's growth potential at an international level. The company closed the year with revenue of 23.8 million euro  a decrease of 28.3% on the previous year. This decline is mainly attributable to the slowdown of the entire cycling sector. Having had excellent results during the pandemic  it was affected during the year by excess stock at distributors. Given the situation  SIDI has been working on a new commercial strategy and on continuous development of the product range  both for the bicycle and motorbike segments  which together are already having a positive impact on the business. At gross operating level  the result was negative for 2.7 million euro  lower than the previous year. If we neutralise the effects of prior-year expenses and non-recurring costs  the gross operating result is still negative  but only for 0.5 million euro. This is mainly attributable to the decline in revenue mentioned earlier and higher costs to develop new models and strengthen the management team  as well as marketing initiatives to boost growth. The loss for the year comes to 6.5 million euro and the net financial position is negative for 10.6 million euro  including lease liabilities in the form of rents for offices and factories. CAPITELLI (80% interest) In 2023  Capitelli recorded revenues of 22.4 million euro  an increase of 16.8% compared with the same period in 2022. The growth in volumes (+8%) is particularly positive considering that in the first nine months of 2023 the Italian pork market saw a decline in sales volumes of 3.4% (source ISMEA). With specific reference to the various sales channels  a positive trend was recorded in Large-Scale Retail sales (+24%)  which grew at above-average rates  representing approximately 60% of the company's turnover. Analysing the products  San Giovanni cooked ham continues to be the company's key product  with growth of 22% on 2022. Gross operating profit comes to 3.5 million euro  up by 24.6%  and the profit is 1.7 million euro  up by 35.1% on the previous year. The net financial position at December 31  2023 was zero. Considering the distribution of 1.5 million euro of dividends during the year  cash generation for the period was positive for 3.1 million euro  confirming the company's ability to generate cash. CALLMEWINE (80% interest) During the year  Callmewine continued its growth path both on the national market  through ongoing development of its digital platforms and marketing activities  and abroad. Development also continues along two strategic lines: on the one hand  the product portfolio distributed exclusively in the online world  which has reached 600 labels; and on the other  the ever-increasing presence in the catalogue of international wines selected by the company's sommeliers. The company closed 2023 with revenue of 13.5 million euro  16.5% less than in 2022. This contraction is attributable to a generalised slowdown in the market of pure e-commerce players linked to wine  which was affected by: the normalisation of online wine orders after the exponential growth recorded during the pandemic and the decline in discretionary consumption linked to the less than brilliant phase of the macroeconomic cycle. In such a challenging context  comforting indications come from analysing CAGR  which from 2019 to the present day is showing growth of 21%  confirming the company's development trajectory. 6The gross operating result is negative for 1.8 million euro  while the loss for the year is equal to 1.7 million euro. The net financial position at December 31  2023 is negative for 1.1 million euro  with cash generation improving compared with the previous year thanks to the company's greater efficiency in warehouse management. TECNICA GROUP (40% interest) The Tecnica Group has closed 2023 with revenue of 540.3 million euro  a slight contraction on the previous year. Looking at the individual business areas  the performances of the winter brands are good  driven by Moon Boot  which has given further impetus to its multi-year growth plan. LOWA  on the other hand  slowed down in the last quarter  closing the year with a slight contraction compared with 2022. The Group's gross operating profit amounted to 84.1 million euro  down by 11% on the previous year. If we neutralise non- recurring costs of 7.1 million euro  linked on the one hand to the Group's digital transformation project and  on the other  to the celebrations of LOWA's 100th anniversary  gross operating profit came to 91.2 million euro  with a slight increase in margins. The consolidated profit of the Tecnica Group in 2023 was 26.2 million euro  decreasing due to the effects of the above matters. Capital investment amounted to 38.5 million euro and was mainly attributable to the Group's digital transformation project  improving the production plants and installing a photovoltaic system. At December 31  2023  the net financial position of the Tecnica Group showed borrowings of 156 million euro. ISEO (39.246% interest) During 2023  the Iseo Group continued along the development path outlined by management. That essentially involves expanding the electronic business  which is strategic for the Group. Iseo closed the year with turnover of 159.7 million euro  a decrease of 2.2%. With reference to the individual sectors  there was a decline in the mechanical segment (-4%)  attributable to the economic downturn of the market compared with the positive trend of 2022  while that of ""connected"" products grew by 11%  with interesting prospects for the coming years. At the channel level  there was a considerable slowdown in the OEM  while the professional channel  which is predominant for the company  turned in good growth compared with the previous year. Gross operating profit for the period came to 16.9 million euro  down by 17.8%. This result was conditioned for more than 2 million euro by the important investments in the recruitment of commercial staff in preparation for future growth in the access control segment linked to the recent acquisition of Sofia. Capital investment amounted to 13.8 million euro  an increase on the previous year  partially due to the implementation of an IT project to optimise management of the various business activities. The profit for the period came to 4.2 million euro  down compared on the 10.1 million euro made in 2022. ISEO's net financial position is negative for 43.4 million euro  with cash generation during the period positive for 2.1 million euro. BENE ASSICURAZIONI (19.996% interest) In 2023 the company recorded gross premiums that rose by 30% to 222 million euro  a much better result than the average increase in the sector. All sales channels grew by double digits  with the physical channel also benefiting from further development of the network throughout the country following the opening of 45 agencies (net of closures) during the year. Expansion of the Company's product range also helped to grow the business  with the introduction of  for example  the new ""Bene Viaggi"" travel insurance policy. The advertising campaign launched in 2023 on the main national television networks continues to support the growth in brand awareness and this will continue during the current year. The impact of the calamitous events that hit the country during 2023  and which represented the largest loss that the Italian insurance market has ever recorded  was also relevant for Bene Assicurazioni  but the effects were mitigated to a considerable extent thanks to reinsurance. 7CLESSIDRA GROUP (100% interest) At December 31  2023  the Clessidra Financial Group was made up of the parent company Clessidra Holding S.p.A.  which has direct control over 100% of the shares of Clessidra Private Equity SGR S.p.A.  Clessidra Capital Credit SGR S.p.A. and Clessidra Factoring S.p.A.  as well as indirect control of Società Semplice Clessidra CRF G.P.  in which it holds 51% directly with the other 49% held indirectly through the subsidiary Clessidra Capital Credit SGR S.p.A. For the Clessidra Group 2023 closed with a positive brokerage margin of 32.5 million euro (27.8 million euro at December 31  2022)  which includes 19.9 million euro in management fees for the Clessidra Funds (19 million euro at December 31  2022) and 11.4 million euro in commissions from the factoring business (9.2 million euro at December 31  2022). Administrative expenses for 2023 amounted to 29.9 million euro (26.5 million at December 31  2022). The consolidated result of the Clessidra Group at December 31  2023  net of taxes of 1.4 million euro  comes to 1.7 million euro (1.8 thousand euro at December 31  2022). PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDS Italmobiliare has invested in a portfolio of select Italian and international Private Equity funds with a view to diversifying sectors and geographical investments  including the CCP3 and CCP4 funds  the Clessidra Restructuring Fund and the Clessidra Private Debt Fund  the Clessidra CRF Parallel Fund  the BDT Capital Partners Funds II and III  Isomer Capital I and II  Isomer Capital Opportunities  Connect Ventures 3 and 4  Iconiq IV and V; Lindsay Goldberg Fund V  Lauxera Growth I  8-Bit Capital I  Expedition Growth Capital Fund I  JAB Consumer  Visionaries Club Seed Fund II GmbH & Co. KG and Lakestar Growth II e IV. At December 31  the Private Equity funds showed an overall growth in value of 26.0 million euro  of which 4.3 million euro for the positive change in fair value and 31.1 million euro of new investments  partially offset by 3.5 million euro of exchange losses and 5.9 million euro repaid on disinvestment. OUTLOOK In a scenario which for 2024 remains characterised by macroeconomic uncertainties and geopolitical tensions of extraordinary importance  the challenge will be to further consolidate the resilience shown in recent years by Italmobiliare's portfolio and support the investee companies in maintaining or recovering growth trajectories  in terms of both volumes and margins  with a view to creating sustainable value. In addition to the continuous search for management efficiency and integration of strategic skills that are consistent with the increasingly high level of challenges facing Italian SMEs  in 2024 the focus will continue to be on encouraging the main portfolio companies to grow through targeted M&A and add-ons  and initiatives involving organic development and international expansion. The progressive development or acquisition of synergetic assets characterises the strategy of Casa della Salute and Italgen to consolidate their presence in two highly strategic sectors such as healthcare  increasingly affected by a need for high quality and accessible services  territorial capillarity and innovation technology  and the renewable energy sector  which represents the heart of the transition towards a low-carbon economy and diversification of energy sources. M&A and development transactions aimed at building the direct presence in key markets are also accompanying the international expansion of Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella  especially in areas of high potential such as Asia and the USA. The Officina is continuing to develop new products that are able to intercept the requests of an increasingly wide audience in the wake of a centuries-old tradition of excellence that is unique in the world. Caffè Borbone  which continues its path of consolidation among the leaders of the single-serve coffee sector in Italy  has undertaken a strong process of growth abroad with the aim of proposing its products with an excellent quality/price ratio in selected European markets and in the United States. Among the other main portfolio companies  Capitelli will continue to promote brand awareness  enhancing the extraordinary quality of its products  while Sidi  whose year was affected by the strong global slowdown in the bicycle sector  by a significant strengthening of the management team and by the progressive optimisation of the distribution 8and supplier network  aims to recover volumes and margins in the high-end segment which has always characterised its positioning in technical footwear for motorbikes and bicycles  also thanks to the launch of new product categories. At the same time  Italmobiliare will continue its proactive role as a strategic partner in the growth plans of minority investments such as Tecnica Group  Iseo and Bene Assicurazioni. On the alternative investment fund front  in addition to the active monitoring of a varied portfolio spread across a wide variety of asset classes  Italmobiliare's leading role continues in the development of the Clessidra Group's multi-asset platform  with projects for further evolution  growth and diversification in all of its areas of activity that are already consolidated: Private Equity  Credit/Debt and Factoring. CALLING OF THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING AND ITEMS ON THE AGENDA The Board of Directors has decided to call an Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting to be held on April 23  2024. In addition to the 2023 financial statements and the dividend distribution proposal  the Shareholders' Meeting will be called upon to vote on the remuneration policy for 2024  the compensation paid in 2023 (an advisory vote) and renewal of the authorisation for the purchase and disposal of treasury shares  for which details are provided below. The meeting will be held in presence  without prejudice to the possibility of participating through the Designated Representative pursuant to art. 135-undecies of Legislative Decree 58 of 24 February 1998. AUTHORISATION TO BUY AND SELL TREASURY SHARES The Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders' Meeting to renew the authorisation to buy and sell treasury shares for the next 18 months (after revocation of the previous resolution passed at the Shareholders' Meeting on April 27  2023) for the usual purposes governed by the law and therefore destined: to set up a portfolio of securities that could be used in place of financial resources  to carry out extraordinary corporate finance transactions or to implement compensation plans based on financial instruments that could be approved in the future; to carry out activities to stabilise and support the liquidity of the Italmobiliare stock  favouring regular trading  including securities lending to support third-party liquidity providers  market makers and specialists. The proposed authorisation concerns a maximum of 1 000 000 shares (representing 2.353% of the shares that currently make up the share capital) for a maximum outlay of 35 million euro. The Company currently has 217 070 treasury shares in its portfolio  equal to 0.511% of the share capital. The Company will be able to buy treasury shares in one or more tranches. Purchases will be made on the market in compliance with art. 144-bis  paragraph 1  letters b)  and d-ter) of the Issuers Regulation  so as to allow compliance with the principle of equal treatment of shareholders  as required by article 132 of the CLF  and therefore (i) on regulated markets  according to the operating procedures established in the organisation and management regulations of Borsa Italiana  which do not allow direct matching of purchase proposals with predetermined sale proposals  or (ii) with the methods established by market practices allowed by CONSOB pursuant to article 13 of (EU) regulation no. 596/2014 from time to time in force  and in any case in accordance with the further provisions of the law and regulations applicable to this type of transaction. Purchases will be made - in compliance with the conditions established in article 3 of the (EU) Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 of the Commission dated March 8  2016 and other applicable rules - at a unit price not exceeding the highest price between the price of the last independent transaction and the price of the current highest independent purchase offer on the Euronext STAR Milan  it being understood that this consideration may not in any case be lower in the minimum and higher in the maximum by 15% (fifteen percent) with respect to the reference price that the Italmobiliare share recorded in the stock market session of the day preceding each transaction. If authorised by the Meeting  the Company will be able to carry out disposals  also fractionally and without time limitations  of the Italmobiliare shares to be purchased or already purchased on the basis of previous shareholders' authorisations  according to the purposes and methods indicated above  providing the unit selling price (or in any case the unit value established in the context of the sale) is not lower than the average carrying price of the shares bought on the basis of the authorisation. 9",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['draft financial statements', 'Italmobiliare S', 'The', 'Board', 'Directors', 'company', 'December', 'March', 'Florence InvestCo S.r.l.', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'Italmobiliare S.p.A.', 'net financial position', 'Santa Maria Novella', 'new product lines', 'CDS-Casa della Salute', '12 new healthcare facilities', ""next Shareholders' Meeting"", 'separate financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'draft financial statements', 'green energy company', 'industrial Portfolio Companies', '0.80 euro ordinary component', '2.2 euro extraordinary component', 'Italmobiliare Group', 'CONSOLIDATED LEVEL', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'treasury shares', 'capital gain', 'AGN Energia', 'aggregate level', 'food sector', 'Caffè Borbone', 'first time', 'Officina Profumo-Farmaceutica', 'retail channel', 'decarbonisation path', 'methodological approach', 'Holding Company', 'positive trends', 'CASH EQUIVALENTS', 'cash return', 'PROPOSED DIVIDEND', 'entire stake', 'development path', 'SIGNIFICANT GROWTH', 'double-digit growth', 'positive performance', 'positive results', 'excellent performance', 'good results', 'THE GROUP', '78.2 million euro', '100 million euro', '585.8 million euro', '56.2 million euro', 'total dividend', '52.1 euro', '0.70 euro', '3 euro', '172 MILLION', '126.8 MILLION', '40 million', '204.3 million', '300 million', 'Board', 'Directors', 'December', 'YEAR', 'NAV', 'DISINVESTMENTS', 'TURNOVER', 'EBITDA', 'increase', 'distribution', 'dividends', 'October', 'February', '1.8x', '2.5x', 'sale', 'place', 'revenue', 'Capitelli', 'success', 'clinics', 'Italgen', 'example', 'consideration', 'Milan', '01', '2.3', '2022', '438']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37171,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-FY-2023-results-46121083/,FL Entertainment: FY 2023 results -March 07  2024 at 11:41 am EST,(marketscreener.com) attributable to shareholders60.8Shareholders' equity11.7 33.0 Non-controlling interests6.320.2Total equity18.0 53.2    Other securities130.5139.4Long-term borrowings and other financial liabilities2 290.32 551.9Long-term lease liabilities…,"Press ReleaseParis  7 March 2024Full Year 2023 ResultsRECORD FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE IN 2023CAPTURING GROWTH IN ALL BUSINESSES &EXPANSION INTO LIVE EXPERIENCES THROUGH M&ACONFIDENT FOR CONTINUED GROWTH IN 2024FY 2023 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS1Revenue up +13.8% to €4 531m pro forma acquisitions2 in 2023 (+8.5% at current perimeter)Adjusted EBITDA 3 up +15.0% to €756m pro forma acquisitions 2 (+11.8% at current perimeter)  Adjusted EBITDA margin pro forma acquisitions up 20bp to 16.7% (17.1% at current perimeter)up +15.0% to €756m pro forma acquisitions (+11.8% at current perimeter)  Adjusted EBITDA margin pro forma acquisitions up 20bp to 16.7% (17.1% at current perimeter) Adjusted net income 3 up +6.8% to €323m  net income at €74mup +6.8% to €323m  net income at €74m Adjusted free cash flow conversion 2 of 82% Strong liquidity position of €464m and stable 3.1x leverage ratio (31 Dec. 2023 vs 31 Dec. 2022) Successful Banijay debt refinancing: ~85% of debt maturity extended until 2028-2029 Proposed dividend of €0.35 per share  equal to 46% payout ratio on Adjusted net incomeof 82%FY 2023 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS1Content production & distribution Reinforced leading position in content market with powerful brands  travelling IP  relentless creativity and growing content catalogue up +16% to 185 000 hours Continued growth (revenue up +5.7%) in challenging market conditions Dynamic strategy to broaden and monetize IP: new clients  new audiences and new channels Successful expansion in 2023 into live experiences through acquisition of Balich Wonder Studio and investment in The IndependentsOnline sports betting & gamingOutstanding performance in 2023: increased leading positions in core markets Double-digit growth in Unique Active Players (+23%) and revenue (+19%)  supported by best-in class product and user experience Effective diversification both in terms of products and geographies with casino  poker & turf increasing at double-digit rates and successful Ivory Coast expansion GamCare certification demonstrates commitment to highest standards in responsible gamingESG strategyRollout of strategy focused on inclusion and equality in a safe environment  carbon reduction and ensuring the highest standards of ethical leadership and ESG governanceOUTLOOKContent production & distribution : broaden and monetize content across multiple channels supported by AI; continue to increase market share in fast-growing and evolving OTT space; expand footprint in the production of sports shows; capture opportunities in the fast-growing live experiences production market and leverage Banijay’s network: broaden and monetize content across multiple channels supported by AI; continue to increase market share in fast-growing and evolving OTT space; expand footprint in the production of sports shows; capture opportunities in the fast-growing live experiences production market and leverage Banijay’s network Online sports betting & gaming: further develop the player base in all countries and expand footprint in Africafurther develop the player base in all countries and expand footprint in Africa 2024 guidance for Adjusted EBITDA: high single-digit organic growthFrançois Riahi  CEO of FL Entertainment  said:“We delivered record results in 2023  powered by the continued strong performance of both businesses. Since we listed two years ago  we have increased our revenue by 30% and our Adjusted EBITDA by 26%  illustrating the strength of our business model. During this time  our revenues with OTT players in content production have increased by 75%  and we have also expanded our activities into the live experiences space through M&A  which will contribute to growth moving forward.In Content production & distribution  2023 illustrated our strengths in more challenging macroeconomic conditions  powered by our iconic brands like Big Brother and Star Academy  the depth of our content catalogue  and new scripted and non-scripted formats that are in demand from both linear and streaming clients across the globe. We are also developing opportunities in exciting areas like sports entertainment  while further monetizing our IP through digitalization and content indexing  which represents a new avenue for growth. Our diversification into the fast-growing live experiences market is also helping us to become a true multi-disciplinary creative heavyweight.In Online sports betting & gaming  we delivered strong performance across all segments  with significant double-digit growth in casino  poker and turf revenues demonstrating the diverse appeal of our best-in-class tech platform. Underpinned by our resolute commitment to responsible gaming - with 99% of revenues coming from locally regulated countries - we developed our leading positions in France  Portugal and Poland  and successfully expanded into the Ivory Coast  with more to come in Africa.Looking ahead to 2024  we are confident that we will continue to deliver profitable growth across all activities thanks to our unique positioning in the entertainment industry. One of our top priorities will also be expanding our free float and stock liquidity  so that our strong operational performance can result in value creation for all our shareholders.”*****FL Entertainment invites you to its FY 2023 results conference call on:Thursday  7 March 2024  at 6:00pm CETWebcast live:You can watch the presentation on the following link:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/5kr6ye45/Dial-in access telephone numbers:You need to register to the following link:https://register.vevent.com/register/BI82321d321cd84fbeaa95813fa174dcb4Slides related to 2023 results are available on the Group’s website  in the “Investor relations” section:https://www.flentertainment.com/results-center/KEY FINANCIALS IN 2023€m 2022 2023 % reported change % constant currency Revenue 4 046.6 4 317.6 6.7% 8.5 % Adjusted EBITDA 666.1 736.7 10.6% 11.8 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 16.5% 17.1% Net income/(loss) for the period (85.2) 73.6 Adjusted net income 302.6 323.2 6.8% Adjusted free cash flow 550.6 606.2 10.1% Free cash flow conversion rate 82.7% 82.3% For the twelve-month period ended 31 Dec. 2022 31 Dec. 2023 Net financial debt (reported) 2 090.8 2 280.0 Net financial debt / Adjusted EBITDA 3.1x 3.1xRefer to the Appendix for definition2022 figures are adjusted to include proforma holding costs of -€4.1m for comparison purposesFY 2023 KEY EVENTSExpanding into live experiences productionFL Entertainment expanded into live experiences production in 2023  supporting its efforts to become an integrated global entertainment leader. The Group invested in two businesses with strong positions in fast-growing and fragmented markets. Both operate with a decentralized organizational structure well-suited to developing creative talent and have an entrepreneurial culture and experienced management team with a passion for innovation.Balich Wonder StudioIn September 2023  Banijay acquired a 52% stake in Balich Wonder Studio (BWS). Founded in 2013  Balich Wonder Studio is a global live entertainment group that specializes in creating  producing  and delivering live shows and experiences. BWS has a ten-year track record of impressive organic growth  driven by its three business units – Ceremonies  Exhibits & Brand Experiences  and Immersive Shows & Destination Experiences. Major events in 2023 include the inauguration of the Disney Castle live music experience in Riyadh; the opening of the Bulgari Hotel in Rome and the opening and closing ceremonies of the para-Pan-American games in Santiago. Banijay has invested alongside the founder of the business and has the option to progressively increase its stake.The IndependentsIn June 2023  FL Entertainment acquired a minority stake in global marketing and communications group The Independents alongside the founders of the group and its agencies  with the option to progressively become the majority shareholder by 2026. Founded in 2017  The Independents is a global community for industry leaders across luxury and lifestyle  with leadership positions all over the world.The Independents accelerated its development in 2023 by acquiring six businesses and now owns 11 best-in-class agencies: Atelier ATHEM  Atelier LUM  Bureau Betak & Bureau Future  CTZAR  INCA Productions  Karla Otto  K2  Lefty  Prodject and The Qode.Bolt-ons M&A and new partnershipThe ForgeIn November 2023  Banijay acquired a majority stake in The Forge  a leading scripted production company in the UK. Well-established through its award-winning drama productions such as Marriage  Help and Becoming Elizabeth  The Forge bolsters Banijay UK’s scripted output as the ninth owned UK label alongside Kudos  Tiger Aspects and Wild Mercury. Building on its pool of industry-leading talent  The Forge has several new titles in production for both linear and streaming platforms  including the second season of The Buccaneers for Apple TV+ and Shardlake for Disney+.New partnership: Hyphenate Media GroupIn October 2023  Banijay acquired a minority stake in Hyphenate Media Group  a new multi-platform media company led by Eva Longoria  actress  producer  director  and founder of production company UnbeliEVAble  and Cris Abrego  Chairman of Banijay America Group. Hyphenate Media Group produces scripted and unscripted content and offers strong development opportunities in the Americas. Banijay has the option to increase its investment gradually over the coming years.Broadening content monetization across multiple channels  leveraging generative AIIn 2023  Banijay took important initiatives to leverage and monetize further its product offering  as well as address fast-growing markets and new audiences. Banijay Sports launched in November 2023  building on the Banijay’s existing capabilities in sportainment  documentary and digital  via new partnerships including a new joint venture with Spanish football league  LaLiga.Banijay is also capitalizing on digital and social platforms to reach next generation audiences  complementing its licensing and merchandising efforts. As an example  a Big Brother Germany spin-off received 8.8m live views on the Twitch platform during the 57-hour live stream  while MasterChef World  the YouTube channel featuring highlights from local versions as well as new content  has more than 2.2m subscribers.In parallel  Banijay has started to use AI technology to further monetize content across multiple channels including social media and video platforms. As part of this effort  Banijay is working to create more value by improving the searchability of its content and meta-data usage  by tagging and indexing every show or programs throughout the cloud-based content library.Banijay debt: successful refinancing and maturity extension until 2028-29In 2023  Banijay successfully refinanced around 85% of its debt  extending its Term Loan B by three years to March 2028 and its Senior Secured Notes by four years until May 2029. In all  Banijay has refinanced and raised a total amount close to €2.0bn.In February 2024  Banijay re-priced its €555m Term Loan B at Euribor +3.75% and its $556m Term Loan B at SOFR + 3.25%  reducing margins by 75bp and 50bp respectively.STRATEGIC PRIORITIES AND OUTLOOKThe Group’s ambition is to be a leading player in fast-growing segments of the entertainment industry while generating long-term sustainable and profitable growth.Outlook for 2024The Group expects a positive momentum in 2024  enabled by its differentiated strengths  the flexibility of its business model  as well as opportunities stemming from structural trends and new consumer behaviors.FL Entertainment is forecasting high-single digit organic growth for Adjusted EBITDA in 2024 compared to Adjusted EBITDA in 2023.In Content production & distribution  numerous shows are already commissioned including scripted series such as Marie-Antoinette (second season) and Carême (new French drama); and returning iconic shows such as Deal or No Deal in the UK  and MasterChef in the US. In the live experiences space  there are significant opportunities with multiple large-scale projects emerging to satisfy evolving consumer preferences towards immersive and interactive experiences.Online sports betting & gaming is expected to benefit from a busy sporting events calendar in 2024  including major football events such as the recent Africa Cup of Nations 2023 in Ivory Coast  and the upcoming UEFA EURO 2024 in Germany and COPA America in the US. This should support the Group’s strategy to reinforce its leading positions in core markets and develop further its footprint in Africa.------------------As previously communicated  FL Entertainment aims to expand its free float and stock liquidity in the short to medium term. In this respect  it continues to review its options and monitor capital markets.PROFIT & LOSS – FY 20232022 figures are adjusted to include proforma holding costs of -€4.1m for comparison purposes.In € million 2022Reported 2023% reportedchangeRevenue 4 046.6 4 317.6 6.7 % External expenses (2 054.6) (2 302.3) 12.0 % Personnel expenses excluding LTIP & employment-related earn-out & option expenses (1 287.2) (1 257.6) (2.3)% Other operating income & expenses excl. restructuring costs & other non-recurring items (29.0) (22.2) (23.5)% Depreciation and amortization expenses net of reversals related to fiction and other operational provisions (9.5) 1.1 Adjusted EBITDA 666.1 736.7 10.6 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 16.5% 17.1% Restructuring costs and other non-recurring items (127.3) (34.3) LTIP expenses (127.3) (152.8) Employment-related earn-out and option expenses (20.2) (13.7) Depreciation and amortization (excl. D&A fiction and other operational provisions) (140.6) (135.4) Operating profit/(loss) 250.6 400.5 59.8 % Cost of net debt (143.8) (195.6) Other finance income/(costs) (112.9) (48.8) Net financial income/(expense) (256.7) (244.4) (4.8)% Share of net income from associates & joint ventures (2.2) (4.3) Earnings before provision for income taxes (8.3) 151.8 Income tax expenses (76.9) (78.2) Profit/(loss) from continuing operations (85.2) 73.6 Net income/(loss) for the period (85.2) 73.6 Attributable to: Non-controlling interests 6.9 12.8 Shareholders (92.1) 60.8 Restructuring costs and other non-recurring items 127.3 34.3 LTIP and employment-related earn-out and option expenses 147.5 166.5 Other finance income/(costs) 112.9 48.8 Adjusted net income 302.6 323.2 6.8 %CONSOLIDATED REVENUEOn a pro forma basis4 and at constant currencies  FL Entertainment recorded revenue of €4 531m  equating to +13.8% growth.At current perimeter and constant currencies  revenue was up +8.5% to €4 318m in 2023 . In Q4 2023  FL Entertainment posted revenue of €1 452m  +10.7% at constant currencies. This is reflected as follows by business:€m Q4 2022 Q4 2023 %reportedchange % constant currency 2022 2023 %reportedchange % constant currency Production 920.5 918.6 (0.2)% 1.9 % 2 664.6 2 689.0 0.9% 3.3% Distribution 120.5 117.8 (2.2)% 0.5 % 387.7 395.3 2.0% 3.8% Live experiences & other 48.8 137.4 181.3 % 286.8 % 159.3 237.1 48.9% 51.4% Content production & distribution 1 089.8 1 173.8 7.7 % 10.1 % 3 211.6 3 321.4 3.4% 5.7% Sportsbook 192.9 208.0 7.8 % 6.9 % 670.1 766.4 14.4% 13.9% Casino 32.9 47.8 45.2 % 44.8 % 104.8 154.7 47.7% 47.6% Poker 15.0 17.7 18.0 % 18.0 % 49.9 61.4 23.1% 23.0% Turf 3.1 4.2 36.0 % 36.0 % 10.3 13.7 33.3% 33.3% Online sports betting & gaming 243.9 277.7 13.8 % 13.1 % 835.0 996.2 19.3% 18.9% TOTAL REVENUE 1 333.7 1 451.5 8.8 % 10.7 % 4 046.6 4 317.6 6.7% 8.5%Content production & distribution5:Revenue increased by +5.7% to €3 321m in 2023 compared to high comps in 2022 reflecting the catch-up effect after the Covid period. The performance in 2023 was driven by the diversity of content – proven superbrands and series renewals  global circulation of IP as core driver for recurring revenue  relentless creativity  and an enlarged content catalogue and the impact of the recent acquisitions6 (Balich Wonder Studio and The Forge). Over the fourth quarter 2023  revenue rose by +10.1%.In a challenging macro-economic environment  the Group content offering was particularly well adapted to serve clients’ needs  illustrating the attractiveness and proven popularity of its well-diversified and enriched portfolio.Strong appetite from streaming platformsGlobal and local streaming platforms continued to seek more local / non-English content as well as in-demand content types such as sports documentaries: Examples include premium scripted Lidia Poët  produced by Groenlandia and aired on Netflix in Italy; Good Luck Guys picked up by Joyn in Germany  the seventh territory to adapt the format  after a second season in Nordics and also being commissioned in Benelux; and sports documentary Four Kings on Prime Video in the UK.Against that backdrop  streaming platforms’ share of Content production & distribution7 revenue increased further in 2023 to 19%  up +6ppts compared to 2021  representing +75% revenue growth over the past two years.Content production revenue increased by +3.3% in 2023  driven by returning shows in multiple territories as well as original content production (71 new scripted shows and 201 new unscripted shows).Iconic superbrands  seasons’ recommission and global IP circulation: Big Brother made a major return to the UK on ITV after a 5-year hiatus  trending at number 1 on the broadcaster’s ITVx streaming service; The Buccaneers  the acclaimed drama from The Forge  has been commissioned for a season 2 on AppleTV+; Star Academy returned on TF1 in France for its eleventh season  recording a major prime time success with 4.3m viewers for the finale; The Fifty  first produced in France with 200m views and 1m App downloads  has been adapted in 2023 for the US Hispanic market  ranking as the network’s top show with 1.3m viewers for the finale.New shows included non-scripted Upside Down  a game show from Endemol Shine Nederland on Videoland; The Summit  an Australian Adventure from Endemol Shine Australia  on Nine Network; Moulin Rouge: Yes We Can Can in the UK; and The A Talks  produced by Endemol Shine Iberia for Mediaset.Content distribution revenue increased by +3.8% to €395m in 2023  driven by continuous demand from both linear TV and streaming platforms for key non-scripted and scripted content. The year was marked by the delivery of scripted Marie Antoinette  now sold to over 147 territories  including the US  the UK  Australia and several broadcasters across Europe and Latin America. Lego Masters continued to experience a global success  reaching 20 territories with RTL broadcasting a first season in Hungary  and 46 seasons globally since 2017. This followed a deal for the format with TBS in Japan and several multi-seasons runs in major markets including the US and Australia. In 2023  the world’s most successful cookery TV format MasterChef reached 70 territories.At the end of December 2023  the content catalogue increased by a further +16% to 185 000 hours (compared to December 2022).Live experiences & other : revenue growth is mainly attributable to the consolidation of Balich Wonder Studio for 3 months in 2023.Online sports betting & gaming8:The Group posted a record year  reflected in a solid growth across all segments  with revenue up +18.9% to €996m in 2023  even when factoring in the high comparison in 2022 with the FIFA World Cup. In Q4 2023  revenue rose by +13.1% compared to Q4 2022.The overall performance was underpinned by a combination of ongoing strong momentum from UAP (+23% in 2023) with a good retention of players from the FIFA World Cup  and an excellent commercial development. By geography  the Group reinforced its positions in its core markets while expanding firmly in recent territory  namely Ivory Coast.All segments recorded double-digit growth in 2023. Sportsbook revenue rose by +13.9%  with a positive reverse trend at year-end after an historic low in October led by unfavorable sports results and a positive impact from the new App. Online casino  poker and turf posted very solid revenue growth of +39.3%  partly driven by a brand-new experience and new casino games  designed to offer an even simpler and more enjoyable user experience as well as a range of new features.ADJUSTED EBITDAOn a pro forma basis9 and at constant currencies  FL Entertainment recorded a +15.0% increase in Adjusted EBITDA to €756m in 2023  i.e. a 20bp improvement in Adjusted margin to 16.7%.At current perimeter and constant exchange rates  Adjusted EBITDA increased by +11.8% to €737m in 2023  reflecting a solid level of profitability across all businesses. This represents an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.1%  a 60bp improvement versus 2022.Adjusted EBITDA - In € million 2022 2023 % reportedchange % constant currency Content production & distribution 472.1 493.5 4.5% 6.7% Online sports betting & gaming 202.8 251.8 24.2% 23.3% Holding (8.8) (8.7) Adjusted EBITDA 666.1 736.7 10.6% 11.8% Content production & distribution 14.7% 14.9% Online sports betting & gaming 24.3% 25.3% Holding Adjusted EBITDA margin 16.5% 17.1%At a Group level  external expenses rose by +12.0% to €2 302.3m driven by two elements already reported in 9M 2023: the change in the allocation of free-lancers’ costs at Content production & distribution between personnel costs and external expenses as well as higher betting taxes  in line with activity growth  for Online sports betting & gaming. Consequently  this also had an impact on personnel expenses (excluding LTIP and employment-related earn-out & option expenses) which declined by-2.3% to €1 257.6m.Proforma Adjusted EBITDA totaled €756m in 2023  taking into account a 12-month contribution of acquisitions realized in 2023.FROM ADJUSTED EBITDA TO ADJUSTED NET INCOMERestructuring and other non-recurring items: -€34.3m in 2023 compared to -€127.3m in 202210.LTIP expenses totaled -€152.8m in 2023 compared to -€127.3m in 2022. LTIPs charges reflected new beneficiaries and were mechanically higher charges during the first years of the plans as IFRS accounting standards request the vesting to start from the attribution date regardless of the actual vesting period. This is in line with Group’s trajectory to record on average 10% of Adjusted EBITDA as LTIPs expenses.Employment-related earn-out and option expenses: -€13.7m in 2023 compared to -€20.2m in 2022.Net financial result amounted to -€244.4m in 2023 compared to -€256.7m in 2022. Of this amount:Cost of net debt totaled -€195.6m in 2023 compared to -€143.8m in 2022. The increase was mostly explained by (i) one-off costs related to the cancellation of the old financing fees not fully amortized at the time of the refinancing of Term Loans B and Senior Secured Notes and redemption costs of the Senior Secured Notes; (ii) and increased interest costs on the renewed debts at the Content production & distribution business.totaled -€195.6m in 2023 compared to -€143.8m in 2022. The increase was mostly explained by (i) one-off costs related to the cancellation of the old financing fees not fully amortized at the time of the refinancing of Term Loans B and Senior Secured Notes and redemption costs of the Senior Secured Notes; (ii) and increased interest costs on the renewed debts at the Content production & distribution business. Other financial income and expenses amounted to -€48.8m in 2023 compared to -€112.9m in 2022  mainly explained by the change in fair value of the Put/Earn-out debt and other financial instruments  hedging instruments and currency impact.Income tax expensesThe tax charge amounted to -€78.2m in 2023 compared to -€76.9m in 2022. Tax in 2022 was particularly high compared to pretax income given higher taxable results due to the non-taxable listing fees in 2022.Adjusted net income rose by +6.8% to €323.2m in 2023.FREE CASH FLOW AND NET FINANCIAL DEBTThe Group’s Adjusted free cash flow (after lease payments) reached €606.2m in 2023  up +10.1% YoY  driven by the business performance and disciplined capital expenditures. The increase in the change in working capital requirement reflected higher betting taxes’ debt.Adjusted free cash flow conversion after capex and leases payment amounted to 82%.The rise in income taxes paid was mainly attributable to tax instalments in 2023 based on a higher 2022 base  as well as a catch-up effect in 2023 of the 2022 tax for which the instalments were based on lower 2021 performance.Adjusted operating free cash flow stood at €512.6m in 2023.€m 2022 2023 % reportedchange Adjusted EBITDA 666.1 736.7 10.6% Capex (68.1) (84.1) Total cash outflows for leases that are not recognised as rental expenses (47.3) (46.4) Adjusted free cash flow 550.6 606.2 10.1% Change in working capital* (6.8) 5.5 Income tax paid (74.5) (99.1) Adjusted operating free cash flow 469.3 512.6 9.2%*Excludes LTIP paid  exceptional items cash-out  trade receivables on providers and players’ liabilitiesThe Group’s net financial debt totaled €2 280m as of 31 December 2023 compared to €2 091m as of 31 December 2022. The increase in net financial debt mainly reflected the dividend payment for €148m  acquisitions and change in financial assets for €196m  LTIP paid & exceptional items for €78m  €196m interests recognized in 2023 and €84m of others.As a result  the financial leverage ratio stood at 3.1x as of 31 December 2023  stable compared to 31 December 2022.DIVIDENDFL Entertainment plans to distribute dividends in respect of the financial year 2023 which will represent at least one third of Adjusted net income.The proposed dividend for the financial year 2023 amounts to €148m  i.e. €0.35 per share  representing a 46% payout ratio on Adjusted net income. It will be paid fully in cash and will be submitted for approval to the Annual General Meeting on 23 May 2024.Rollout of ESG strategySet on its mission to “Entertain the world” with a responsible approach  FL Entertainment has positioned sustainability  equality & inclusion  and well-being at the heart of its business model with a long-standing commitment to the highest ESG standards and long-term value creation. In 2023  FL Entertainment continued to deploy its strategy with a focus on governance structure  implementing business initiatives  and close collaboration with both businesses.GovernanceThe Group established a Board level HR & ESG Committee responsible for validating the strategy  as well as monitoring and overseeing its deployment at business level. In parallel  Banijay has established three dedicated workstreams on environment  social and governance  all coordinated by a newly appointed ESG Director.Promote inclusion & equality in a safe environmentMultiple initiatives have been launched in 2023 across the group to promote social values in a safe environment.In Content production and distribution  various initiatives were deployed with a focus on promoting diversity & equality both on and off-screen. This is building diverse  supportive  and collaborative teams  while ensuring equal opportunities for everyone. A specific program (“Belong”)  based on a full set of initiatives (at local and global levels) is in place worldwide to foster Inclusion & Equality in recruiting  employee training and awareness  and audiences’ awareness. Initiatives in 2023 included Banijay Launch  a global accelerator program that discovers and empowers emerging women creators  and Baniday  a global initiative where employees help charities  local governments in their local cities and towns.On the sports betting and online gaming side  the Group has placed responsible gaming behaviour at the core of its business strategy  supported by a team dedicated to preventing excessive and underage gaming and a robust data-driven AI-based algorithm. We have developed Betclic Protect program  a comprehensive player protection program available throughout their gaming journey. It includes various tools and services that promote responsible gaming  such as early detection of signs of excessive gambling as well as numerous ways of assisting players in need. Within Betclic Protect  key activities in 2023 have included the second edition of the Safer Gaming week  employee training and recruitment. Its commitment is also well reflected in the way it operates its business as a digital company (100% of business online) and the high proportion (99% in 2023  up 2 ppt compared to 2022) of its revenue generated in locally regulated markets. Thanks to its strong commitment to player protection  Betclic received in November 2023 the international standard for Safer Gambling certified by GamCare  making it the first operator outside the UK to receive this certification.EnvironmentFL Entertainment is committed to monitor and reduce its carbon footprint both on content and tech production. In the sports betting and online gaming activities  which is a fully digital business  we are committed in controlling energy consumption from IT developments. 2023 marked the first year of carbon emissions measurement on the content production side  on 2022 data  in partnership with 3Degrees. Banijay has continued to work actively on sustainable production across its activities  being a member of the Albert Consortium in the UK and EcoProd in France  two organizations dedicated to industry carbon footprint reduction.In 2024  the Group will continue to develop its commitments to ESG and deliver on its strategy  reinforcing its position as a trusted partner to clients  customers and stakeholders.Agenda : Q1 2024 results: 15 May 2024Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comMarion Heudes – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 47 - m.heudes@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFL Entertainment Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay  the world’s largest independent content producer and distributor) and online sports betting & gaming (through Betclic  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  FL Entertainment recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively.FL Entertainment is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: FLE NA  Reuters: FLE.AS).Forward-looking statementsThis communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Forward Looking StatementsSome statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking statements”. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that are outside of our control and impossible to predict and may cause actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  estimates  forecasts  analyses and projections about the industry in which we operate and management's beliefs and assumptions about possible future events. You are cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which only express views as at the date of this press release and are neither predictions nor guarantees of possible future events or circumstances.We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events  except as may be required under applicable securities law.Alternative performance measuresThe financial information in this release includes non-IFRS financial measures and ratios (e.g. non-IFRS metrics  such as adjusted EBITDA) that are not recognized as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. The non-IFRS financial measures presented are measures used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and operations and  have therefore not been audited or reviewed. Furthermore  they may not be indicative of the historical operating results  nor are they meant to be predictive of future results. These non-IFRS measures are presented because they are considered important supplementary measurements of FL Entertainment N.V.'s (the ""Company"") performance  and we believe that these and similar measures are widely used in the industry in which the Company operates as a way to evaluate a company’s operating performance and liquidity. Not all companies calculate non-IFRS financial measures in the same manner or on a consistent basis. As a result  these measures and ratios may not be comparable to measures used by other companies under the same or similar names.Regulated information related to this press release is available on the website:https://www.flentertainment.com/results-center/https://www.flentertainment.com/APPENDIXGlossaryAdjusted EBITDA: for a period is defined as the operating profit for that period excluding restructuring costs and other non-core items  costs associated with the long-term incentive plan within the Group (the ""LTIP"") and employment related earn-out and option expenses  and depreciation and amortization net of reversals (excluding D&A fiction and non-recurring provisions). D&A fiction are costs related to the amortization of fiction production  which the Group considers to be operating costs. As a result of the D&A fiction  the depreciation and amortization line item in the Group's combined statement of income deviates from the depreciation and amortization costs in this line item.Adjusted net income: defined as net income (loss) adjusted for restructuring costs and other non-core items  costs associated with the LTIP and employment related earn-out and option expenses and other financial income.Adjusted free cash flow: defined as Adjusted EBITDA adjusted for purchase and disposal of property plant and equipment and of intangible assets and cash outflows for leases that are not recognized as rental expenses.Adjusted operating free cash flow: defined as adjusted EBITDA adjusted for purchase and disposal of property plant and equipment and of intangible assets  cash outflows for leases that are not recognized as rental expenses  change in working capital requirements  and income tax paid.Net financial debt: defined as the sum of bonds  bank borrowings  bank overdrafts  vendor loans  accrued interests on bonds and bank borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents  funding of Gardenia  trade receivables on providers  cash in trusts and restricted cash  plus players liabilities plus (or minus) the fair value of net derivatives liabilities (or assets) for that period. Net financial debt is pre-IFRS 16.Leverage: Adjusted net financial debt / Adjusted EBITDA.Number of Unique Active Players: average number of unique players playing at least once a month in a defined period.Table 1: Revenue breakdown by activity€m Q4 2022 Q4 2023 % reportedchange % constant currency 2022 2023 % reportedchange % constant currency Production 920.5 918.6 (0.2)% 1.9 % 2 664.6 2 689.0 0.9% 3.3% Distribution 120.5 117.8 (2.2)% 0.5 % 387.7 395.3 2.0% 3.8% Live experiences & other 48.8 137.4 181.3 % 286.8 % 159.3 237.1 48.9% 51.4% Content production & distribution 1 089.8 1 173.8 7.7 % 10.1 % 3 211.6 3 321.4 3.4% 5.7% Sportsbook 192.9 208.0 7.8 % 6.9 % 670.1 766.4 14.4% 13.9% Casino 32.9 47.8 45.2 % 44.8 % 104.8 154.7 47.7% 47.6% Poker 15.0 17.7 18.0 % 18.0 % 49.9 61.4 23.1% 23.0% Turf 3.1 4.2 36.0 % 36.0 % 10.3 13.7 33.3% 33.3% Online sports betting & gaming 243.9 277.7 13.8 % 13.1 % 835.0 996.2 19.3% 18.9% TOTAL REVENUE 1 333.7 1 451.5 8.8 % 10.7 % 4 046.6 4 317.6 6.7% 8.5%Table 2: Adjusted operating free cash flow by activityContent production & distribution - €m 2022 2023 % reportedchange Adjusted EBITDA 472.1 493.5 4.5% Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) 14.7% 14.9% Capex (60.3) (73.3) Total cash outflows for leases that are not recognised as rental expenses (44.1) (42.7) Adjusted free cash flow 367.8 377.5 2.7% Change in WC(1) (12.9) (9.9) Income tax paid (49.4) (48.1) Adjusted Operating free cash flow 305.3 319.5 4.6%Online Sports betting & gaming 2022 2023 % reported change Adjusted EBITDA 202.8 251.8 24.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) 24.3% 25.3% Capex (7.9) (10.8) Total cash outflows for leases that are not recognised as rental expenses (3.3) (3.7) Adjusted free cash flow 191.7 237.3 23.8% Change in WC(2) 3.5 13.5 Income tax paid (25.2) (51.1) Adjusted Operating free cash flow 170.1 199.7 17.4%(1) Excluding LTIP payment and exceptional items for Content production & distribution(2) Excluding LTIP payment  exceptional items  trade receivables on providers and players’ liabilities for Online sports betting & gamingTable 3: Consolidated statement of cash flowsIn € million 31 Dec. 2022 31 Dec. 2023 Profit/(loss) (81.1) 73.6 Adjustments: 706.4 641.9 Share of profit of associates and joint ventures 2.2 4.3 Amortisation  depreciation  impairment losses and provisions  net of reversals 150.5 141.8 Employee benefits LTIP & employment-related earn-out and option expenses 147.5 166.7 Change in fair value of financial instruments 105.4 2.7 Income tax expenses 76.9 78.2 Other adjustments(1) 76.8 46.0 Cost of financial debt  lease liabilities and current accounts 147.2 202.2 Gross cash provided by operating activities 625.3 715.5 Changes in working capital (92.3) (99.5) Income tax paid (74.5) (99.1) Net cash flows provided by operating activities 458.6 517.0 Purchase of property  plant  and equipment and of intangible assets (68.1) (84.9) Purchases of consolidated companies  net of acquired cash (37.4) (141.7) Investing in associates and Joint ventures - (19.9) Increase in financial assets (43.1) (101.8) Disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets - 0.8 Proceeds from sales of consolidated companies  after divested cash (9.1) 1.2 Decrease in financial assets 165.3 9.9 Dividends received - 0.3 Net cash provided by/(used for) investing activities 7.5 (336.1) Change in capital 363.6 0.1 Change in other securities 114.4 - Dividends paid (1.6) (148.2) Dividends paid by consolidated companies to their non-controlling interests (4.3) (19.3) Transactions with non-controlling interests (400.8) (27.7) Proceeds from borrowings and other financial liabilities 20.7 1 292.8 Repayment of borrowings and other financial liabilities (399.0) (1 069.5) Other cash items related to financial activities (0.0) 0.0 Interest paid (131.3) (195.7) Net cash flows from (used in) financing activities (438.2) (167.6) Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates 19.1 (29.7) Net increase (decrease) of cash and cash equivalents 46.9 (16.5) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 432.4 479.4 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 479.4 462.9(1) Other adjustments include notably in 2023: i) unrealized foreign exchange gains; ii) acquisition costs reclassified in “Purchases of consolidated companies”; and (iii) other financial items reclassified in “Interests paid” and in 2022 i) unrealized foreign exchange gains; ii) losses on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries; and (iii) IFRS 2 listing costs.Table 4: Consolidated balance sheetIn € million 31 Dec. 2022 31 Dec. 2023 ASSETS Goodwill 2 570.2 2 834.0 Intangible assets 194.8 204.7 Right-of-use assets 160.8 149.2 Property  plant and equipment 59.2 70.6 Investments in associates and joint ventures 14.0 31.7 Non-current financial assets 161.7 228.5 Other non-current assets 35.9 36.9 Deferred tax assets 51.9 58.4 Non-current assets 3 248.6 3 614.0 Inventories and work in progress 705.2 678.1 Trade receivables 496.5 588.9 Other current assets 288.3 357.6 Current financial assets 24.7 30.2 Cash and cash equivalents 479.4 464.2 Current assets 1 994.1 2 119.0 TOTAL ASSETS 5 242.6 5 733.0EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Share capital 8.0 8.1 Share premiums  treasury shares and retained earnings (deficit) 91.7 (35.8) Net income/(loss) - attributable to shareholders (88.0) 60.8 Shareholders' equity 11.7 33.0 Non-controlling interests 6.3 20.2 Total equity 18.0 53.2 Other securities 130.5 139.4 Long-term borrowings and other financial liabilities 2 290.3 2 551.9 Long-term lease liabilities 131.2 126.1 Non-current provisions 27.7 34.3 Other non-current liabilities 441.3 352.5 Deferred tax liabilities 7.4 7.9 Non-current liabilities 3 028.4 3 212.1 Short-term borrowings and bank overdrafts 349.4 358.3 Short-term lease liabilities 40.4 41.8 Trade payables 663.5 709.7 Current provisions 23.0 13.5 Customer contract liabilities 693.3 750.0 Other current liabilities 426.6 594.3 Liabilities classified as held for sale - Current liabilities 2 196.2 2 467.7 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 5 242.6 5 733.0Table 5: IFRS consolidated net financial debtIn € million 31 December 2022 31 December 2023 Bonds 1 330.8 1 284.2 Bank borrowings and other 1 140.1 1 437.3 Bank overdrafts - 1.5 Accrued interests on bonds and bank borrowings 29.6 37.2 Vendor loans 138.4 143.5 Total bank indebtedness 2 638.9 2 903.7 Cash and cash equivalents (479.4) (464.2) Funding of Gardenia - (79.7) Trade receivables on providers (13.1) (60.8) Players' liabilities 50.6 50.2 Cash in trusts and restricted cash (31.6) (31.0) Net cash and cash equivalents (473.5) (585.5) Net debt before derivatives effects 2 165.3 2 318.2 Derivatives - liabilities 0.0 6.4 Derivatives - assets (74.5) (44.6) Net debt 2 090.8 2 280.0Table 6: Cash flow statement31 December 2022 In € million Content production & distribution Sports Betting & Online Gaming Holding Total Group Net cash flow from operating activities 380.4 107.4 (29.2) 458.6 Cash flow (used in)/from investing activities (147.4) (16.3) 171.2 7.5 Cash flow (used in)/from financing activities (198.3) (106.9) (133.0) (438.2) Effect of foreign exchange rate differences 19.1 - - 19.1 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 53.8 (15.8) 9.0 47.0 Cash and cash equivalents as of 1 January 342.4 87.9 2.2 432.4 Cash and cash equivalents as of 30 December 396.2 72.1 11.2 479.431 December 2023 In € million Content production & distribution Online sports betting & gaming Holding Total Group Net cash flow from operating activities 370.1 162.3 (15.4) 517.0 Cash flow (used in)/from investing activities (238.9) (10.4) (86.8) (336.1) Cash flow (used in)/from financing activities (129.6) (130.6) 92.5 (167.6) Effect of foreign exchange rate differences (29.7) - - (29.7) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (28.1) 21.3 (9.7) (16.5) Cash and cash equivalents as of 1 January 396.2 72.1 11.2 479.4 Cash and cash equivalents as of 30 December 368.1 93.3 1.5 462.9Table 7: Content production & distribution: Net financial debt as of 31 December 2023At Banijay level: In € million 31 Dec. 2022 31 Dec. 2023 Total Secured Debt (OM definition) 1 847 1 988 Other debt 339 326 SUN 409 409 Total Debt 2 595 2 722 Net Cash (396) (368) Total net financial debt (excl. Earn-out & PUT) 2 199 2 354 EO & PUT 124 178 Total net financial debt (incl earn-out & PUT) 2 323 2 532 Ratios at Banijay level: Leverage Ratio  as presented 4.46 4.49 Adjusted Leverage Ratio  as presented 4.71 4.82 Senior secured net leverage ratio 3.20 3.43 Cash conversion rate - Banijay definition* 74% 73%Banijay contribution at FL Entertainment level: In € million 31 Dec. 2022 31 Dec. 2023 Total net financial debt (excl. Earn-out & PUT) 2 199 2 354 Transaction costs amortization and other (74) (32) Vendor loan - - Lease debt (IFRS 16) (160) (155) Total net financial debt at FL Entertainment level 1 966 2 167 Derivatives (69) (38) Total net financial debt at FL Entertainment level after derivatives 1 897 2 129Leverage ratio: total Net financial debt / (Adj EBITDA + shareholder fees + proforma impact from acquisitions)Adjusted leverage ratio: total net financial debt including earn-out and puts / (Adjusted EBITDA + shareholder fees + proforma impact from acquisitions)Senior secured net leverage ratio: total Senior Secured Notes + Earn-out – Cash / (Adjusted EBITDA + shareholder fees + proforma impact from acquisitions)* Based on free cash flow as defined as follows: Adjusted EBITDA + change in working capital– income tax paid – capex1 Growth at constant currencies  unless indicated differently2 Pro forma acquisitions as if they are consolidated on 1 January 20233 Adjusted EBITDA  Adjusted net income and Adjusted free cash flow conversion: figures in 2022 are adjusted to include holding costs of -€4.1m for comparison purposesRefer to the Appendix for definition4 Pro forma acquisitions as if they are consolidated on 1 January 20235 At constant currencies  unless indicated differently6 Balich Wonder Studio and The Forge consolidated for 3 months and 1 month respectively7 Excludes “Live experiences & other” revenue8 Revenue growth is at constant currencies9 Pro forma acquisitions as if they are consolidated on 1 January 202310 Restructuring items in 2022 were mainly related to listing and transaction fees and costs incurred to realize the listing on 1 July 2022Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.6,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'FY 2023 results', 'March', '11', '41', 'free cash flow conversion', 'true multi-disciplinary creative heavyweight', 'growing live experiences production market', 'stable 3.1x leverage ratio', 'high single-digit organic growth', 'growing live experiences market', 'Successful Banijay debt refinancing', 'successful Ivory Coast expansion', 'network Online sports betting', 'live experiences space', 'challenging market conditions', 'FY 2023 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS1', 'Balich Wonder Studio', 'François Riahi', 'challenging macroeconomic conditions', 'evolving OTT space', 'Full Year 2023 Results', 'FY 2023 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS1', 'Unique Active Players', 'Strong liquidity position', 'RECORD FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE', 'significant double-digit growth', 'Adjusted net income', 'Successful expansion', 'OTT players', 'content market', 'debt maturity', '46% payout ratio', 'record results', 'market share', 'EXPANSION INTO', 'sports shows', 'strong performance', 'leading position', 'business model', 'unique positioning', 'double-digit rates', 'sports entertainment', 'Content production', 'Outstanding performance', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'Press Release', 'CAPTURING GROWTH', 'M&A', 'forma acquisitions2', 'current perimeter', 'powerful brands', 'relentless creativity', 'new clients', 'new audiences', 'new channels', 'The Independents', 'core markets', 'user experience', 'GamCare certification', 'highest standards', 'safe environment', 'carbon reduction', 'ethical leadership', 'ESG governance', 'multiple channels', 'player base', 'iconic brands', 'Big Brother', 'Star Academy', 'new scripted', 'streaming clients', 'exciting areas', 'new avenue', 'diverse appeal', 'tech platform', 'profitable growth', 'EBITDA margin', 'content catalogue', 'content indexing', 'Dynamic strategy', 'ESG strategy', 'FL Entertainment', 'CONTINUED GROWTH', 'class product', 'Effective diversification', 'resolute commitment', 'responsible gaming', 'turf revenues', 'Paris', '7 March', 'BUSINESSES', 'CONFIDENT', '31 Dec.', 'dividend', 'distribution', '185,000 hours', 'investment', 'terms', 'products', 'geographies', 'casino', 'poker', 'Rollout', 'inclusion', 'equality', 'OUTLOOK', 'footprint', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'Africa', '2024 guidance', 'CEO', 'strength', 'time', 'activities', 'depth', 'demand', 'linear', 'globe', 'digitalization', 'segments', 'France', 'Portugal', 'Poland']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,marketscreener.com
37172,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/07/2841941/0/en/Preliminary-Statement-of-Results-for-the-year-ended-31-December-2023.html,Preliminary Statement of Results for the year ended 31 December 2023,Preliminary Statement of Results for the year ended 31 December 2023          Irish Continental Group (ICG)  the leading Irish-based maritime transport......,"Preliminary Statement of Results for the year ended 31 December 2023Irish Continental Group (ICG)  the leading Irish-based maritime transport group  reports its financial performance for the year ended 31 December 2023.HighlightsFinancial Summary 2023 2022 Change Revenue €572.0m €584.9m (2.2%) EBITDA €132.6m €127.2m +4.2% Operating profit €68.4m €66.7m +2.5% Basic earnings per share 36.2c 33.6c +7.7% Final dividend 9.93c 9.45c +5.0% Net debt €(143.7)m €(171.1)m (16.0%) Net debt (pre-IFRS 16) €(106.7)m €(128.7)m (17.1%) ROACE 17.7% 17.5% +0.2ptsVolume movements 2023‘000 2022‘000 ChangeRoRo units 724.0 696.6 +3.9% Cars 645.7 573.4 +12.6% Containers shipped (teu) 275.5 322.6 (14.6%) Port lifts 312.4 319.6 (2.3%)This preliminary statement contains certain alternative performance measures including EBITDA  EBIT  and adjusted earnings per share. An explanation of these measures together with other abbreviated terms is provided at note 9 on page 25 of the Condensed Financial Statements.Revenue decreased by €12.9 million (2.2%) to €572.0 million.EBITDA increase of €5.4 million to €132.6 million principally due to a strong performance in the Ferries Division.Within the Ferries Division  the recovery in passenger markets  our strong position in freight markets and the introduction of duty-free have lifted the Division to record levels of activity and revenue. Thanks to the increased footprint in the Division  the volumes carried and the scale of the business are unrecognisable when compared to just a few years ago.In May 2023  the Group chartered the Oscar Wilde cruise ferry (ex Tallink Star) for an initial 20 month period with further extension and purchase options. The vessel initially entered service on the Rosslare – Pembroke route  replacing the Blue Star 1. The Group also chartered the Norbay vessel on a short-term basis  replacing the Epsilon which was returned to its owners at the end of its charter.Performance in the Container & Terminal Division has been more challenging. However  this is against the backdrop of a number of years of record growth and profitability. Overall  volumes and profitability in the business have reduced primarily driven by weak export and import levels in China and the impact of supply chain difficulties and the resulting over stocking had on reducing volumes in the earlier part of the year. Despite the reduction in activity levels and demand  the Division has taken advantage of its flexible cost base to maintain strong levels of profitability.The Group has completed the current program for the expansion and modernisation of its container terminals with the latest semi-automated and environmentally friendly equipment as part of our terminal electrification programme. The final crane in this programme became operational in September 2023. In total over the year  we have commissioned five new remote controlled semi-automated rubber-tyred gantries (RTGs) and one new ship-to-shore crane.2023 was another strong year of cash generation for the Group  further strengthening our balance sheet over the period. Cash generated from operations of €136.7 million (2022: €132.0 million) was used to fund strategic capital expenditure of €21.8 million and returns to shareholders of €45.8 million via a combination of dividends and share buybacks. Net debt at year end fell by €27.4 million to €143.7 million (2022: €171.1 million).Commenting on the results  Chairman John B. McGuckian said;“Last year  I described 2022 as not just a year of recovery  but of building for long-term sustainable growth and stating our ambition to turn our full attention to maximising the opportunities that have arisen for the Group over the last few years. While 2023 did not yet see the maximisation of those opportunities  it did see significant progress towards it. 2023 was another strong year for the Ferries Division and while the Container and Terminal Division experienced challenging trading conditions  the investment and modernisation of our facilities mean we are in an excellent position to capitalise on opportunities in the future. Capital allocation has always been a key focus in this company and our balance sheet strength allows us to take advantage of opportunities as they arise. As in prior years  I would like to thank all our colleagues who made these results possible  particularly those on the front line who continue to ensure the efficient and reliable operation of our services and allow us to meet the requirements of our customers.”7 March 2024Enquiries: Eamonn Rothwell  Chief Executive Officer Tel : +353 1 607 5628 Email : info@icg.ie David Ledwidge  Chief Financial Officer Tel : +353 1 607 5628 Email : info@icg.ie Media enquiries: Q4 Public Relations Tel : +353 1 475 1444 Email : press@q4pr.ieResultsFinancial Highlights 2023 2022 Change Revenue €572.0m €584.9m (2.2%) EBITDA €132.6m €127.2m +4.2% Operating profit €68.4m €66.7m +2.5%The overall financial outcome for the Group was a profit before tax of €63.3 million (2022: €62.5 million) while operating profit was €68.4 million (2022: €66.7 million). EBITDA generated was €132.6 million (2022: €127.2 million) from total revenues of €572.0 million (2022: €584.9 million). This is a robust result against the background challenges of high inflation and a slowdown in global trade.EBITDA increased significantly on the prior year in our Ferries Division where EBITDA was €106.9 million (2022: €95.7 million). The Division saw increased revenues arising from higher volumes  particularly on the Dover – Calais service. Fuel costs were also lower than the prior year  however this was offset by lower surcharges. Performance in our Container and Terminal Division was worse year-on-year resulting in a decrease in EBITDA to €25.7 million (2022: €31.5 million). This was driven by weak export and import levels in China and the outrun of previous over stocking and supply chain difficulties in the earlier part of the year.As in the prior year  when the Group also faced challenging trading conditions  our diversified revenue streams and flexible cost model allowed us to further strengthen our balance sheet. Cash generated from operations amounted to €136.7 million (2022: €132.0 million) which funded strategic capital expenditure of €21.8 million  share buybacks of €21.4 million  dividends of €24.4 million and net repayments of borrowings of €14.4 million. Net debt at 31 December 2023 stood at €143.7 million (2022: €171.1 million). It is testament to the strength of the business and the balance sheet that  despite challenging trading conditions  we had the ability to continue investing in the future growth of our business.Operational ReviewICG operates through two divisions; the Ferries Division and the Container and Terminal Division. The Ferries Division  which owns and manages the Group’s fleet  operates under the Irish Ferries brand  offering passenger and RoRo freight services. The Division is also engaged in ship chartering activities with vessels chartered within the Group and to third parties. The Container and Terminal Division includes the intermodal shipping line Eucon as well as the Division’s strategically located container terminals in Dublin and Belfast.Ferries DivisionFinancial summary 2023 2022 Change Revenue* €412.3m €399.9m +3.1% EBITDA €106.9m €95.7m +11.7% Operating profit €52.1m €46.4m +12.3%*Includes inter-segment revenue of €33.2 million (2022: €35.3 million)Operational Highlights 2023 2022 Change Volumes ‘000 ‘000 Cars 645.7 573.4 +12.6% Passengers 2 781.7 2 315.0 +20.2% RoRo freight units 724.0 696.6 +3.9%Revenue in the Division was 3.1% higher than the previous year at €412.3 million (2022: €399.9 million). Revenue in the first half of the year increased by 7.1% to €179.8 million (2022: €167.9 million)  while in the second half revenue increased by 0.2%  to €232.5 million (2022: €232.0 million). EBITDA increased to €106.9 million (2022: €95.7 million) while operating profit was €52.1 million compared to €46.4 million in 2022.Fuel costs were €92.7 million  a decrease of €11.9 million on the prior year. In total  Irish Ferries operated 14 250 sailings in 2023 (2022: 13 642)  the increase due to additional sailings on the Irish Ferries Dover – Calais service.Car and Passenger marketsIt is estimated that the overall car market  on the routes that we operate (Republic of Ireland to UK/France and the Dover Straits)  grew by approximately 11.6% in 2023 to 4 461 000 cars. While encouraging  this level of car carryings is still 15.0% behind pre-pandemic levels in 2019.Irish Ferries’ car carryings during the year were increased over the previous year by 12.6% to 645 700 cars (2022: 573 400 cars). The increase in carryings versus 2022 levels is primarily due to the continued recovery in passenger markets and the benefit of a full year three ship operation on the Dover – Calais route.The total sea passenger market (i.e. comprising car  coach and foot passengers on the Republic of Ireland to UK/France and the Dover Straits) increased by 15.0% on 2022 to a total of 19.0 million passengers. Irish Ferries’ passenger numbers carried increased by 20.2% at 2 781 700 (2022: 2 315 000).RoRo FreightThe RoRo freight market between the Republic of Ireland to the UK and France and the Dover Straits fell slightly in 2023. The total market for trucks and trailers decreased by 2.6%  to approximately 4 277 000 units.Irish Ferries’ freight carryings  at 724 000 freight units (2022: 696 600 freight units)  increased by 3.9% versus the prior year. The increased carryings over market performance were enabled through the additional capacity of the full year three vessel service on the Dover – Calais route.CharteringThe Group continued to charter a number of vessels to third parties during 2023. Overall external charter revenues were €17.2 million in 2023 (2022: €17.2 million). Of our eight owned LoLo container vessels  five are currently on charter to the Group’s container shipping subsidiary Eucon on routes between Ireland and the Continent whilst three are chartered to third parties. The GNV Allegra continues on a bareboat hire purchase agreement with MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA.Container and Terminal DivisionFinancial summary 2023 2022 Change Revenue* €194.1m €221.5m (12.4%) EBITDA €25.7m €31.5m (18.4%) Operating profit €16.3m €20.3m (19.7%)*Includes inter-segment revenue of €1.2 million (2022: €1.2 million)Operational Highlights 2023 2022 Change Volumes ‘000 ‘000 Containers shipped (teu) 275.5 322.6 (14.6%) Port lifts 312.4 319.6 (2.3%)Revenue in the Division fell to €194.1 million (2022: €221.5 million). The revenue is derived from container handling and related ancillary revenues at our terminals and in Eucon from a mix of domestic door-to-door  quay-to-quay and feeder services with 78% (2022: 74%) of shipping revenue generated from imports into Ireland. With a flexible chartered fleet and slot charter arrangements  Eucon was able to adjust capacity and thereby continue to meet the requirements of customers in a cost effective and efficient manner. EBITDA in the Division decreased by 18.4% to €25.7 million (2022: €31.5 million) while operating profit fell 19.7% to €16.3 million (2022: €20.3 million).In Eucon  overall container volumes shipped were down 14.6% compared with the previous year at 275 500 teu (2022: 322 600 teu). Despite the reduction in volumes in Eucon we benefited from our flexible cost base allowing us to retain strong levels of profitability against the background of challenging trading conditions.Containers handled at the Group’s terminals in Dublin Ferryport Terminals (DFT) and Belfast Container Terminal (BCT) were down 2.3% at 312 400 lifts (2022: 319 600 lifts). DFT’s volumes were down 1.0%  while BCT’s volumes were down 4.2%.Group Finance ReviewCash FlowA summary cash flow is presented below:2023 2022 €m €m Operating profit (EBIT)* 68.4 66.7 Depreciation and amortisation 64.2 60.5 EBITDA* 132.6 127.2 Working capital movements 1.7 1.2 Retirement benefit scheme movements 0.6 1.1 Share-based payment expense 2.8 3.0 Other movements (1.0) (0.5) Cash generated from operations 136.7 132.0 Interest paid (5.9) (4.0) Tax paid (2.2) (1.7) Capital expenditure excluding strategic capital expenditure (21.5) (18.3) Free cash flow before strategic capital expenditure* 107.1 108.0 Strategic capital expenditure (21.8) (57.4) Free cash flow after strategic capital expenditure 85.3 50.6 Proceeds on disposal of property  plant and equipment 3.1 3.0 Share issue 0.4 0.1 Settlement of employee equity plans through market purchases (3.1) (2.9) Dividends paid (24.4) (24.2) Share buyback (21.4) (49.2) Net cash flows 39.9 (22.6)*Additional information in relation to these Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”) is disclosed on page 25.EBITDA for the year was €132.6 million (2022: €127.2 million). There was a net inflow of €1.7 million due to positive working capital movements  retirement benefit scheme movements of €0.6 million  share-based payment expense of €2.8 million and other net cash outflows amounting to €1.0 million  resulting in cash generated from operations of €136.7 million (2022: €132.0 million).Interest paid was €5.9 million (2022: €4.0 million) reflecting higher market interest rates on our floating interest rate borrowings. Taxation paid was €2.2 million (2022: €1.7 million).Capital expenditure outflows amounted to €41.9 million (2022: €75.7 million) which included €21.8 million of strategic capital expenditure. Strategic capital expenditure included plant and machinery relating to the modernisation works at DFT  the addition of a scrubber to the Isle of Inishmore as well as general vessel improvements.There was a total of €45.8 million (2022: €73.4 million) returned to shareholders during the period which consisted of €24.4 million (2022: €24.2 million) of dividends paid during the year together with €21.4 million (2022: €49.2 million) expended in buying back the Group’s equity.The above cash flows resulted in a year-end net debt of €143.7 million (2022: €171.1 million)  which comprised gross borrowings of €153.5 million (2022: €167.7 million)  lease obligations of €37.0 million (2022: €42.4 million) offset by cash balances of €46.8 million (2022: €39.0 million). The key net debt / EBITDA ratio was 1.0 times (2022: 1.2 times) under banking covenant definitions (see Appendix for further information).Balance SheetA summary balance sheet is presented below:2023 2022 €m €m Property  plant & equipment and intangible assets 370.8 364.2 Right-of-use assets 36.1 41.4 Long term receivable 7.3 10.5 Retirement benefit surplus 39.4 33.6 Other assets 72.9 85.2 Cash and bank balances 46.8 39.0 Total assets 573.3 573.9 Non-current borrowings 41.1 160.4 Non-current lease liabilities 25.4 30.7 Retirement benefit obligations 0.5 0.4 Other non-current liabilities 5.4 4.7 Current borrowings 112.4 7.3 Current lease liabilities 11.6 11.7 Other current liabilities 94.6 97.9 Total liabilities 291.0 313.1 Total equity 282.3 260.8 Total equity and liabilities 573.3 573.9The total net surplus of all defined benefit pension schemes at 31 December 2023 was €38.9 million in comparison to a €33.2 million surplus at 31 December 2022. The movement principally reflects a net actuarial gain of €4.9 million comprising a fall in asset values reflective of the investment market and a reduction in obligations due to higher discount rates. Movement in property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets mainly relates to the addition of plant and machinery at DFT and the addition of the Oscar Wilde  partially offset by depreciation. The decrease in other assets relates primarily to a fall in asset prepayments as new plant and machinery at DFT was commissioned. The movement in non-current and current borrowings principally relates to net repayments during the year of €14.4 million.Shareholders’ equity increased to €282.3 million from €260.8 million at 31 December 2022. The movement includes the profit for the financial period of €61.6 million  actuarial gains arising on retirement benefit schemes of €4.9 million  offset by dividends paid of €24.4 million and buyback of equity of €21.4 million.FinancingThe borrowing facilities available to the Group at 31 December 2023 were as follows;Borrowing Facilities Facility Committed Committedfacilitiesdrawn Committed facilities undrawn €m €m €m €m Private placement loan notes 248.9 50.0 50.0 - Bank term loans 48.8 48.8 48.8 - Revolving credit 125.0 75.0 55.0 20.0 Overdraft and other 16.0 16.0 0.6 15.4 438.7 189.8 154.4 35.4At 31 December 2023  the Group had total lending facilities of €438.7 million available of which €189.8 million were committed facilities. Of these  €154.4 million have been drawn  of which €112.1 million are classified as repayable within one year. Subsequent to the year end  €55.0 million of borrowings drawn under a revolving credit facility and classed as repayable within one year were refinanced with an expiration date of March 2029 and comparable margins to the previous facility.At 31 December 2023  the Group has borrowings comprised of a loan note at a fixed interest rate  a term loan on a fixed interest rate as well as a revolving credit facility on a floating rate for an interest period of up to six months  calculated by reference to EURIBOR or other reference rate depending on the currency drawn plus an agreed margin which varies with the Group’s net debt to EBITDA ratio.The average interest rate on borrowings at 31 December 2023 was 2.96% (2022: 2.40%) for remaining terms of between nine months and 6.5 years. In addition to borrowings  the Group has recognised lease liabilities at 31 December 2023 relating to right-of-use assets amounting to €37.0 million.These facilities  together with undrawn committed facilities of €35.4 million and cash generated from operations  will be used to support the long-term strategic development of the Group.Fuel2023 2022 Change Fuel costs €106.8m €124.0m (13.9%)Group fuel costs in 2023 amounted to €106.8 million (2022: €124.0 million). Bunker consumption was 169 100 tonnes in 2023 (2022: 161 900 tonnes). The increase in consumption was primarily due to increased sailings on the Dover – Calais service. The average cost per tonne of heavy fuel oil (HFO) fuel in 2023 was 10.3% lower than in 2022 while marine gas oil (MGO) was 19.5% lower than in 2022.In the Container and Terminal Division  bunker costs above a base level are offset to a large extent by the application of prearranged price adjustments with our customers. Similar arrangements are in place with freight customers in the Ferries Division. In the passenger sector  changes in bunker costs are included in the ticket price to the extent that market conditions will allow.Dividend and Share BuybackThe Directors declared and paid during 2023 a final dividend of 9.45 cent per ordinary share for 2022 and an interim dividend of 4.87 cent per ordinary share for 2023. Dividends paid during the year totalled €24.4 million.During the year  the Company bought back a total of 4.8 million shares which were cancelled. The total consideration paid for these shares was €21.4 million (2022: €49.2 million). The Directors are proposing a final dividend in respect of 2023 of 9.93 cent per share subject to shareholder approval at the AGM on 9 May 2024  which will be paid on 7 June 2024 to shareholders on the register at close of business on 17 May 2024.Strategic Developments2023 was a year of further material investment in our operations where the Group continued to progress a number of key strategic developments. We have placed a significant focus on enhancing our approach to ESG and sustainability. We have rolled out a number of new initiatives across the Group and progressed initiatives that commenced in prior years such as completing our expansion and modernisation program at Dublin Port. With the investment we have made and continue to make in more environmentally friendly terminal equipment  we are on course to achieve a reduction in the emissions from our container terminal operations of 70 per cent by 2025 over the course of the programme. With the progress made to date and the expected future investment  we expect to achieve our target of net zero emissions in our container terminal operations by 2030.2023 saw the Group prepare for the introduction of the maritime transport into the EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS) from 1 January 2024. The cost of this will be borne by our customers through the introduction of surcharges. The maritime industry is recognised as a hard to abate sector due to its current reliance on the consumption of marine petroleum based fuels due to the current lack of alternative technologies of scale. It is therefore  important that the revenues raised via the EU ETS are appropriately invested in the development of commercially viable alternatives for the maritime industry.We also continue to develop our environmental reporting processes in co-ordinating the collection of relevant data and considering how best this can be harnessed to affect behaviours in order to drive further improvement. This also provides the basis for increasing transparency over our sustainability credentials and as we prepare to comply with the requirements of Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). We continue to engage with our stakeholders to understand their key pressing and material issues which we will evaluate and implement in our day to day business when appropriate.In May of this year  the Group took delivery of the Oscar Wilde. The Group signed a long term charter agreement for a firm period of 20 months with the opportunity to extend the charter by 2 + 2 years. The agreement also gives the Group purchase options over the vessel. The European-built vessel is of a high standard and materially enhances the Ferries Division’s offering for both freight and passenger markets. Furthermore  the design of the vessel affords the Group a large amount of flexibility across all of our Irish Sea routes. The vessel entered service on the Rosslare - Pembroke route for the 2023 summer season  but for 2024 will also operate on the Dublin – Holyhead and Dublin – Cherbourg routes. One outstanding feature of the vessel is the material upgrade in retail space available on board. It currently has the largest duty-free shopping space of any cruise ferry on the Irish Sea with 17 000 square feet allowing for enhanced range of stock and customer experience.During 2023  the Group completed the commissioning of five further RTGs and one ship-to-shore crane as part of the expansion and electrification program of our Dublin Ferryport container terminal. The modern cranes are designed for continuous operation in all but the most extreme weather conditions. These investments are significant milestones towards our Net Zero 2030 goal for the terminal operations. The completion of this programme which commenced in 2017 represents a total investment in the terminal of €28.7 million.Strategy and the EnvironmentThe Group is conscious that its activities have an environmental impact. Reducing that impact aligns with our overall strategy. The Group has continued with the significant investments in installing exhaust gas cleaning systems (EGCS). A further EGCS unit was installed on the Isle of Inishmore in early 2023 which is in operation on the Dover – Calais route. The programme for the electrification of heavy plant at our container terminals was further progressed in 2023  with the commissioning of five RTGs and one additional ship-to-shore crane at Dublin Ferryport Terminal. Both of these investments  while reducing harmful emissions  also bring health and safety benefits to our operations and align with the strategic objective of delivering sustained and profitable growth.The Group currently collects various data related to the environmental impact of its operations for external reporting purposes. In recognition of the powerful effect that data can have on creating awareness of individual actions  the Group collates and harnesses this data as a tool to promote environmental responsibility within the workforce. While we recognise there is and always will be additional work to do in this space  we consider the ongoing improvement and progress together with the firm foundation established from prior years will enable the further development of our approach to sustainability  ESG and strong reporting in the years ahead.However  for certain aspects the Group will require the shipping sector as a whole to work together. This particularly relates to global regulation under the auspices of the International Maritime Organisation setting common standards and key equipment suppliers adopting the latest technologies. As a small operator in a global market  the Group will only apply proven technologies and we will recover the costs of same  either by increased efficiencies or by passing associated costs through to customers. We note the recent increased ambitions of the IMO in targeting net-zero emissions in the maritime industry by 2050. While welcoming this ambition  the challenges around the current alternatives to the current non-sustainable fuel requirements of the industry remain. The meeting of these challenges has to be addressed not only by the industry but at government regulatory level.The Group is aware that our stakeholders require us to be environmentally focused and the Group is committed to continuous improvement in both the big and small things that we do. Freight remains the backbone of the local Irish and European economies. Our efforts in greening the maritime industry is a vital part of moving the wider European economy to a sustainable footing in the face of the rising challenge from climate change. As an island off the northwest coast of Europe  approximately 90% of trade exports and imports are dependent on sea access. In addition  we carry nearly three million people  many of whom are tourists making a significant contribution to regional employment. These economic and social benefits have to be offset against our environmental footprint which is significantly lower than for the airlines.Current Trading and Outlook2024 Trading to date 1/1/24 – 2/3/24 1/1/23 – 2/3/23 Change Volumes ‘000 ‘000 Cars 62.4 48.4 +28.9% RoRo freight units 124.5 108.2 +15.1% Containers shipped (teu) 49.9 52.0 (4.0%) Port lifts 54.7 50.3 +8.7%2024 has seen a strong start to the year for the Ferries Division with volumes up materially across most revenue streams. However  it is important to note that volumes year to date are positively influenced by the timing of competitor drydockings. In addition  the passenger volumes are for a seasonally quiet part of the year and are influenced by some Covid recovery when compared with the previous year. Volumes to date do not reflect the underlying market growth rates.In the period from 1 January 2024 to 2 March 2024  Irish Ferries carried 62 400 cars  an increase of 28.9% over the same period in the prior year. While these increases are encouraging  it is over a seasonally less significant time of the year for passenger travel. We do  however  hope that the trends seen in 2023 of a material recovery of the passenger market continue into 2024. As in the prior year  we still do see the opportunity for growth in our passenger business as we move towards a full return to pre-pandemic levels with the benefits that can bring to both our ticket and on-board revenue.RoRo volumes in the Ferries Division have also had a strong start to the year. Irish Ferries RoRo volumes are up 15.1% on the same period in the prior year to 124 500 units. As in 2023  we expect the trend of freight customers returning to the landbridge will continue into 2024  helped with the introduction of the Windsor agreement  but also the ever-increasing familiarity of our customers with customs measures. Furthermore  the cessation of certain services into Liverpool  will give Irish Ferries an opportunity in 2024 to increase our market share on the Irish Sea.In Eucon  we have seen a reduction in containers shipped of 4.0% for the first two months of the year. The weakness in volumes is primarily due to a weakness in our deep-sea container volumes  somewhat offset by the more stable short-sea container market. We expect some growth in the container market in 2024  assuming lower interest rates which should fuel economic growth later in the year.Port lifts have increased by 8.7% in the first two months of the year versus the same period in 2023. There is a continuation of the improving trend in volumes from the last quarter of 2023 along with the addition of a new customer on our Dublin terminal. Our recent investments in the Dublin terminal and the ongoing expansion of the Belfast terminal leave us well placed to avail of any market growth.As part of the EU “Fit for 55” regulations  shipping emissions have been brought into scope of the EU Emission Trading System on a phased basis from 1 January 2024. Following its introduction  we have implemented surcharges for all our customers. We acknowledge that the operations of the group will have an inevitable impact on the environment  however those operations are essential for the island of Ireland and remain the most environmentally sustainable form of transport for the facilitation of trade and the movement of people on and off the island.Condensed Consolidated Income Statementfor the year ended 31 December 2023Notes 2023 2022 €m €m Revenue 2 572.0 584.9 Depreciation and amortisation (64.2) (60.5) Employee benefits expense (26.2) (26.8) Other operating expenses 2 (413.2) (430.9) Operating profit 68.4 66.7 Finance income 1.4 0.1 Finance costs (6.5) (4.3) Profit before taxation 63.3 62.5 Income tax expense 3 (1.7) (2.7) Profit for the financial year: all attributable to equity holders of the parent 61.6 59.8 Earnings per ordinary share– expressed in euro cent per share Basic 4 36.2 33.6 Diluted 4 35.7 33.2Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Incomefor the year ended 31 December 20232023 2022 Notes €m €m Profit for the financial year 61.6 59.8 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Currency translation adjustment 1.1 (2.5) Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Actuarial gain on defined benefit obligations 7 4.9 29.4 Deferred tax on defined benefit pension schemes (0.4) (2.4) Other comprehensive income for the financial year 5.6 24.5 Total comprehensive income for the financial year: all attributable to equity holders of the parent 67.2 84.3Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Positionas at 31 December 20232023 2022 Notes €m €m Assets Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 368.7 362.3 Intangible assets 2.1 1.9 Right-of-use assets 36.1 41.4 Retirement benefit surplus 7 39.4 33.6 Finance lease receivable 7.3 10.5 Deferred tax asset 0.3 0.1 453.9 449.8 Current assets Inventories 4.0 5.2 Trade and other receivables 68.6 79.9 Cash and cash equivalents 5 46.8 39.0 119.4 124.1 Total assets 573.3 573.9 Equity and liabilities Equity Share capital 10.8 11.1 Share premium 20.9 20.5 Other reserves (6.1) (8.2) Retained earnings 256.7 237.4 Equity attributable to equity holders 282.3 260.8 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 5 41.1 160.4 Lease liabilities 5 25.4 30.7 Deferred tax liabilities 4.5 3.6 Provisions 0.9 1.1 Retirement benefit obligation 7 0.5 0.4 72.4 196.2 Current liabilities Borrowings 5 112.4 7.3 Lease liabilities 5 11.6 11.7 Trade and other payables 93.7 96.2 Provisions 0.9 1.7 218.6 116.9 Total liabilities 291.0 313.1 Total equity and liabilities 573.3 573.9Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equityfor the year ended 31 December 2023Share Share Other Retained Capital Premium Reserves Earnings Total €m €m €m €m €m Balance at 1 January 2023 11.1 20.5 (8.2) 237.4 260.8 Profit for the financial year - - - 61.6 61.6 Other comprehensive income - - 1.1 4.5 5.6 Total comprehensive income for the financial year - - 1.1 66.1 67.2 Employee share-based payments expense - - 2.8 - 2.8 Share issue - 0.4 - - 0.4 Dividends - - - (24.4) (24.4) Share buyback (0.3) - 0.3 (21.4) (21.4) Settlement of employee equity plans through market purchase - - (3.1) (3.1) Transferred to retained earnings on exercise of share options - - (2.1) 2.1 - (0.3) 0.4 2.1 19.3 21.5 Balance at 31 December 2023 10.8 20.9 (6.1) 256.7 282.3 Analysed as follows: Share capital 10.8 Share premium 20.9 Other reserves (6.1) Retained earnings 256.7 282.3Other Reserves comprise the following:Undenominated Share Capital Options Translation Reserves Reserve Reserve Total €m €m €m €m Balance at 1 January 2023 8.6 6.3 (23.1) (8.2) Employee share-based payments expense - 2.8 - 2.8 Other comprehensive income - - 1.1 1.1 Share buyback 0.3 - - 0.3 Transferred to retained earnings on exercise of share options - (2.1) - (2.1) 0.3 0.7 1.1 2.1 Balance at 31 December 2023 8.9 7.0 (22.0) (6.1)Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equityfor the year ended 31 December 2022Share Share Other Retained Capital Premium Reserves Earnings Total €m €m €m €m €m Balance at 1 January 2022 11.9 20.4 (8.1) 225.5 249.7 Profit for the financial year - - - 59.8 59.8 Other comprehensive income - - (2.5) 27.0 24.5 Total comprehensive income for the financial year - - (2.5) 86.8 84.3 Employee share-based payments expense - - 3.0 - 3.0 Share issue - 0.1 - - 0.1 Dividends - - - (24.2) (24.2) Share buyback (0.8) - 0.8 (49.2) (49.2) Settlement of employee equity plans through market purchase - - - (2.9) (2.9) Transferred to retained earnings on exercise of share options - - (1.4) 1.4 - (0.8) 0.1 (0.1) 11.9 11.1 Balance at 31 December 2022 11.1 20.5 (8.2) 237.4 260.8 Analysed as follows: Share capital 11.1 Share premium 20.5 Other reserves (8.2) Retained earnings 237.4 260.8Other Reserves comprise the following:Undenominated Share Capital Options Translation Reserves Reserve Reserve Total €m €m €m €m Balance at 1 January 2022 7.8 4.7 (20.6) (8.1) Employee share-based payments expense - 3.0 - 3.0 Other comprehensive income - - (2.5) (2.5) Share buyback 0.8 - - 0.8 Transferred to retained earnings on exercise of share options - (1.4) - (1.4) 0.8 1.6 (2.5) (0.1) Balance at 31 December 2022 8.6 6.3 (23.1) (8.2)Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flowsfor the year ended 31 December 20232023 2022 Notes €m €m Profit for the financial year 61.6 59.8 Adjustments for: Finance costs (net) 5.1 4.2 Income tax expense 1.7 2.7 Retirement benefit scheme movements 6 0.6 1.1 Depreciation of property  plant and equipment 45.1 38.5 Depreciation of right-of-use assets 18.7 21.6 Amortisation of intangible assets 0.4 0.4 Share-based payment expense 2.8 3.0 Decrease in provisions (1.0) (0.5) Working capital movements 6 1.7 1.2 Cash generated from operations 136.7 132.0 Income taxes paid (2.2) (1.7) Interest paid (5.9) (4.0) Net cash inflow from operating activities 128.6 126.3 Cash flow from investing activities Net proceeds on disposal of property  plant and equipment3.13.0 Lease inception costs (1.4) - Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 6(41.9) (75.7) Net cash outflow from investing activities (40.2) (72.7) Cash flow from financing activities Share buyback (21.4) (49.2) Dividends (24.4) (24.2) Repayment of lease liabilities 6 (18.0) (21.0) Repayment of bank loans (40.0) (7.6) Drawdown of bank loans 25.6 52.0 Settlement of employee equity plans through market purchases(3.1) (2.9) Proceeds on issue of ordinary share capital 0.4 0.1 Net cash outflow from financing activities (80.9) (52.8) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 7.5 0.8 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 39.0 38.5 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 0.3 (0.3) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 5 46.8 39.0Notes to the Condensed Financial Statementsfor the year ended 31 December 20231. Accounting policiesThe financial information presented in this report has been prepared using accounting policies consistent with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union and as set out in the Group’s annual financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 except as noted below. The financial information does not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements. The 2023 Annual Report will be distributed to shareholders and made available on the Company’s website www.icg.ie in due course. It will also be filed with the Company’s annual return in the Companies Registration Office. The auditor has reported on the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 and their report was unqualified and did not contain any matters to which attention was drawn by way of emphasis. The financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 represents an abbreviated version of the Group’s statutory financial statements on which an unqualified audit report was issued and which have been filed with the Companies Registration Office.Basis of preparation and accounting policiesThe financial information contained in this Preliminary Statement has been prepared in accordance with the accounting policies set out in the last annual financial statements. New and revised accounting standards and interpretations have been issued which are set out below.Standards effective for the Group from 1 January 2023Standard Description Effective Date for periods commencing IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 1 January 2023 IAS 1 (amendments) Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1 January 2023 IAS 8 (amendments) Definition of Accounting Estimates 1 January 2023 IAS 12 (amendments) Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1 January 2023The above amended standards have been applied in the preparation of the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.On adoption of IFRS 17: Insurance Contracts  the prior year classification of certain financial guarantee contracts as insurance contracts for accounting purposes was reviewed.In the Company financial statements  certain guarantees provided to subsidiaries in connection with borrowing previously treated as financial guarantee contracts and classified as insurance contracts were reclassified as financial instruments and remeasured at fair value. There was no financial effect on the prior or current year Company financial statements arising from this reclassification.In the Consolidated financial statements  there were no guarantees outstanding in favour of third parties  other than inter group cross guarantees in relation to group borrowings which are eliminated on consolidation. The Company has also provided guarantees under certain loan facility arrangements in favour of its subsidiaries. However  the fair value of such guarantees are immaterial. Consequently  there was no effect on the consolidated financial statements from the first time adoption of IFRS 17.The Group has adopted Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12) from 1 January 2023. The Group is now required to recognise the associated deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from the recognition of right-of-use assets and their related lease liabilities from the beginning of the comparative period.The Group previously recognised these assets and liabilities on a net basis  however  following the amendment  the Group has recognised a separate deferred tax asset in relation to its lease liabilities and deferred liability in relation to its right-of-use assets. There was no impact on opening retained earnings on 1 January 2022 or 1 January 2023 as a result of the change. There is a €0.2 million credit to the Consolidated Income Statement in respect of FY23. The Group has exercised the right to offset qualifying balances in accordance with paragraph 74 of IAS 12.Other than noted above the new standards and interpretations did not have any material impact on the results or financial position of the Group.Standards effective for the Group from 1 January 2024 or laterStandard Description Effective Date for periods commencing IAS 1 (amendments) Non-current Liabilities with Covenants 1 January 2024 IFRS 16 (amendments) Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 1 January 2024 IAS 7 and IFRS 7 (amendments) Supplier Finance Arrangements 1 January 2024* IAS 21 (amendments) Lack of Exchangeability 1 January 2025* IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and IAS 28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures (amendments) Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture Effective date deferred indefinitely* Not yet endorsed by the EUThe above standards and amendments standards have not been applied in the preparation of the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. They are not expected to have a material impact on the results or financial position of the Group when applied in future periods.2. Segmental informationThe Executive Board is deemed the chief operating decision maker within the Group. For management purposes  the Group is currently organised into two operating segments: Ferries and Container and Terminal.Revenue has been disaggregated into categories which reflect how the nature  amount  timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. As revenues are recognised over short time periods of no more than days  a key determinant to categorising revenues is whether they principally arise from a business to customer or a business to business relationship as this impacts directly on the uncertainty of cash flows.i) Revenue analysisBy business segment:2023 2022 €m €m Ferries Passenger 181.1 162.7 Freight 180.8 184.7 Charter and other 50.4 52.5 412.3 399.9 Container and Terminal Freight 194.1 221.5 Inter-segment revenue (34.4) (36.5) Total 572.0 584.9By geographic origin of booking:2023 2022 €m €m Ireland 186.6 202.4 United Kingdom 154.2 142.2 Netherlands 96.1 99.7 Belgium 38.0 47.7 France 23.5 20.2 Poland 16.0 18.8 Germany 9.3 7.9 Austria 9.0 10.8 Other 39.3 35.2 572.0 584.9No single external customer in the current or prior financial year amounted to 10 per cent of the Group’s revenues.ii) Profit for the financial yearFerries Container & Terminal Group Total 2023€m 2022€m 2023€m 2022€m 2023€m 2022€m Operating profit 52.1 46.4 16.3 20.3 68.4 66.7 Finance income 1.4 0.1 - - 1.4 0.1 Finance costs (5.1) (3.1) (1.4) (1.2) (6.5) (4.3) Profit before tax 48.4 43.4 14.9 19.1 63.3 62.5 Income tax expense (0.9) (1.3) (0.8) (1.4) (1.7) (2.7) Profit for the financial year 47.5 42.1 14.1 17.7 61.6 59.8iii) Other operating expensesFerries Container & Terminal Group Total 2023€m 2022€m 2023€m 2022€m 2023€m 2022€m Fuel 92.7 104.6 14.1 19.4 106.8 124.0 Labour 52.6 48.3 12.8 12.6 65.4 60.9 Port costs 80.3 69.0 33.2 35.2 113.5 104.2 Haulage - - 51.4 56.6 51.4 56.6 Other 58.7 61.3 51.8 60.4 110.5 121.7 Inter-segment (1.2) (1.2) (33.2) (35.3) (34.4) (36.5) Other operating expenses 283.1 282.0 130.1 148.9 413.2 430.9iv) Statement of Financial PositionFerries Container & Terminal Group Total 2023€m 2022€m 2023€m 2022€m 2023€m 2022€m Assets Segment assets 420.3 422.5 106.2 112.4 526.5 534.9 Cash and cash equivalents 39.5 34.5 7.3 4.5 46.8 39.0 Consolidated total assets 459.8 457.0 113.5 116.9 573.3 573.9 Liabilities Segment liabilities 66.2 66.7 34.4 36.3 100.6 103.0 Borrowings and lease liabilities 158.6 174.6 31.8 35.5 190.4 210.1 Consolidated total liabilities 224.8 241.3 66.2 71.8 291.0 313.13. Income tax expense2023 2022 €m €m Current tax 1.5 2.7 Deferred tax 0.2 -Income tax expense for the year 1.7 2.7The Company and its Irish tax resident subsidiaries  where appropriate  have elected to be taxed under the Irish tonnage tax method. Under the tonnage tax method  taxable profit on eligible activities is calculated on a specified notional profit per day related to the tonnage of the vessels utilised.In accordance with the IFRIC guidance on IAS 12 Income Taxes  the tonnage tax charge is not considered an income tax expense and has been included in other operating expenses in the Consolidated Income Statement.Domestic income tax is calculated at 12.5% of the estimated assessable profit for the year for all activities which do not fall to be taxed under the tonnage tax system. Taxation for other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions. The income tax expense for the year includes a current tax charge of €1.5 million (2022: €2.7 million) and a deferred tax charge of €0.2 million (2022: €nil million).The total expense for the year is reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:2023 2022 €m €m Profit before tax 63.3 62.5 Tax at the domestic income tax rate of 12.5% (2022: 12.5%) 7.9 7.8 Effect of tonnage relief (6.9) (6.6) Difference in effective tax rates 0.5 0.3 Other items 0.2 1.2Income tax expense recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement 1.7 2.74. Earnings per share2023 2022 Number of shares ’000 ’000 Shares in issue at the beginning of the year 170 823 182 795 Effect of shares issued during the year 70 23 Effect of share buybacks and cancellation in the year (960) (5 044) Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share 169 933 177 774 Dilutive effect of employee equity plans where vesting conditions not met 2 645 2 363 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share 172 578 180 137Denominator for earnings and diluted earnings per share calculationsShare option awards under the ICG Performance Share Plan are treated as contingently issued shares because any shares which may in future be issued are contingent on the satisfaction of performance conditions set at the date of grant  in addition to the passage of time. Where the performance conditions have been met at the end of the performance period and the options remain unexercised  they are no longer treated as contingently issuable and are treated as issued shares from the end of the performance period and included in the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share.Those contingently issuable shares for which the performance period has not yet expired  are included in the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share unless the performance conditions governing their exercisability have not been met at the reporting date.A total of 838 954 (2022: 664 484) unvested share options outstanding at the reporting date have been excluded from the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share as they were either antidilutive or had not met the performance conditions governing their exercisability.The earnings used in both the adjusted basic and adjusted diluted earnings per share are adjusted to take into account the net interest on defined benefit obligations and the effect of non-trading items after tax. The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent is based on the following data:2023 2022 Earnings €m €m Earnings for the purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share –Profit for the financial period attributable to equity holders of the parent61.6 59.8 Net interest income on defined benefit assets (1.3) (0.1) Earnings for the purpose of adjusted basic and adjusted diluted earnings per share 60.3 59.7 Cent Cent Basic earnings per share 36.2 33.6 Diluted earnings per share 35.7 33.2 Adjusted basic earnings per share 35.5 33.6 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 34.9 33.15. Net cash and borrowing facilitiesi) The components of the Group’s net cash position at the reporting date and the movements in the period are set out in the following table:Cash Bank Loans Loan Notes Lease Obligations Origination Fees Total €m €m €m €m €m €m At 1 January 2023 Current assets 39.0 - - - - 39.0 Creditors due within one year - (7.3) - (11.7) 0.2 (18.8) Creditors due after one year - (110.9) (50.0) (30.7) 0.3 (191.3) 39.0 (118.2) (50.0) (42.4) 0.5 (171.1) Changes from cash flows: Repayment of borrowings - 40.0 - - - 40.0 Lease payments - - - 19.5 - 19.5 Lease interest - - - (1.5) - (1.5) Loan drawdown - (25.6) - - - (25.6) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 7.5 - - - - 7.5 Non-cash flow changes: Amortisation - - - - (0.2) (0.2) Lease liabilities recognised - - - (14.3) - (14.3) Lease remeasurement - - - 1.8 - 1.8 Currency adjustment 0.3 - - (0.1) - 0.2 7.8 14.4 - 5.4 (0.2) 27.4 At 31 December 2023 Current assets 46.8 - - - - 46.8 Creditors due within one year - (62.5) (50.0) (11.6) 0.1 (124.0) Creditors due after one year - (41.3) - (25.4) 0.2 (66.5) 46.8 (103.8) (50.0) (37.0) 0.3 (143.7)ii) The maturity profile and available borrowing and cash facilities available to the Group at 31 December 2023 are set out in the following table:Maturity Profile Facility Undrawn On-hand / drawn Less than 1 year Between 1 – 2 years Between 2 – 5 years More than 5 years €m €m €m €m €m €m €m Cash - - 46.8 - - - - Committed lending facilities Bank overdrafts 15.4 15.4 - - - - - Bank loans 123.8 20.0 103.8 62.5 7.5 22.5 11.3 Loan notes 50.0 - 50.0 50.0 - - - Origination fees (0.3) - (0.3) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) - Leases 37.0 - 37.0 11.6 3.6 5.0 16.8 Committed lending facilities 225.9 35.4 190.5 124.0 11.0 27.4 28.1 Uncommitted lending facilities Bank loans 50.0 Loan notes 198.9 Uncommitted lending facilities 248.9Bank overdrafts facilities are stated net of trade guarantee facilities utilised of €0.6 million (2022: €0.6 million).Obligations under the Group borrowing facilities have been cross guaranteed by the parent company and certain subsidiaries but are otherwise unsecured except for lease obligations which are secured by the lessors’ title to the leased assets.Subsequent to the year end  the multicurrency revolving credit facility of €75.0 million  of which €55.0 million was drawn at 31 December 2023  was cancelled and replaced with a new revolving credit facility with permitted drawing amounts of €100.0 million. The drawing amount may be increased to €150.0 million on application  at the discretion of the lenders. This new facility expires in March 2029 but is extendable for up to two years at the lenders’ discretion. Borrowings under the existing facility were rolled over into the new facility on the commencement date.6. Cash flow components2023 2022 €m €m Pension scheme movements Retirement benefit obligations – current service cost 0.8 1.7 Retirement benefit obligations – past service cost 0.2 - Retirement benefit obligations – payments (0.4) (0.6) Total retirement benefit scheme movements 0.6 1.1 Repayments of lease liabilities Lease payments (19.5) (22.3) Interest element of lease payments 1.5 1.3 Capital element of lease payments (18.0) (21.0) Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets Purchases of property  plant and equipment (50.7) (74.4) Purchases of intangible assets (0.6) (0.4) Decrease / (increase) in capital asset prepayments 9.4 (0.9) Total purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (41.9) (75.7) Changes in working capital Decrease / (increase) in inventories 1.2 (1.4) Decrease / (increase) in receivables 2.0 (17.0) (Decrease) / increase in payables (1.5) 19.6 Total working capital movements 1.7 1.27. Retirement benefit schemesThe principal assumptions used for the purpose of the actuarial valuations were as follows:2023 2022 Sterling Euro Sterling Euro Discount rate 4.50% 3.15% 4.75% 3.65% Inflation rate 2.75% 2.30% 2.90% 2.50% Rate of increase of pensions in payment 2.15% - 3.20% 1.30% 2.20% - 3.30% 1.50% Rate of pensionable salary increases 1.10% 0.00% - 1.30% 1.15% 0.00% - 1.40%The average life expectancy used in the principal Group schemes at age 60 is as follows:2023 2022 Male Female Male Female Irish Schemes: Current retirees 26.8 years 29.7 years 26.7 years 29.6 years Future retirees 29.2 years 31.7 years 29.1 years 31.6 years UK Schemes: Current retirees 27.8 years 29.6 years 27.7 years 29.5 years Future retirees 29.3 years 31.1 years 29.2 years 30.9 yearsThe amount recognised in the balance sheet in respect of the Group’s defined benefit obligations  is as follows:Schemes with Liabilities inSterling Schemes with Liabilities inEuro 2023 2022 2023 2022 Equities 10.4 10.8 57.6 63.2 Bonds 21.5 14.6 33.7 22.3 Property - - - 0.1 Insurance contracts - - 7.9 7.4 Other 0.3 2.9 4.4 3.5 Market value of scheme assets 32.2 28.3 103.6 96.5 Present value of scheme liabilities (18.2) (16.5) (78.7) (75.1) Surplus in schemes 14.0 11.8 24.9 21.4The movement during the year is reconciled as follows:2023 2022 Movement in retirement benefit schemes €m €m Opening surplus 33.2 5.3 Current service cost (0.8) (1.7) Past service cost (0.2) - Employer contributions paid 0.4 0.6 Net interest income 1.3 0.1 Actuarial gain 4.9 29.4 Other 0.1 (0.5) Net surplus 38.9 33.2 Schemes in surplus 39.4 33.6 Schemes in deficit (0.5) (0.4) Net surplus 38.9 33.28. Related party transactionsTransactions between the Company and its subsidiaries  which are related parties  have been eliminated on consolidation.During the year ended 31 December 2023  the material transactions between Irish Continental Group plc and its key management personnel were the remuneration of employees and Directors and the provision of professional services at arm’s length basis.9. General informationThe Condensed Financial Statements in this preliminary announcement do not constitute full statutory financial statements (“Financial Statements”)  a copy of which is required to be annexed to the annual return to the Companies Registration Office. A copy of the financial statements in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2023 will be annexed to the annual return for 2023. The auditor has made a report  without any qualification on their audit  of the financial statements in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and the Directors approved the financial statements in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2023 on 6 March 2024. A copy of the financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 has been annexed to the annual return for 2023 filed at the Companies Registration Office.The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and therefore the Group’s financial statements comply with Article 4 of the IAS Regulations. The consolidated financial statements have also been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2014  and the Listing Rules of Euronext Dublin and the UK Listing Authority.The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis.Certain financial measures set out in our Preliminary Statement of Results for the year ended 31 December 2023 are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Presentation of these Alternative Performance Measures (""APMs"") provides useful supplementary information which  when viewed in conjunction with the Company's IFRS financial information  allows for a more meaningful understanding of the underlying financial and operating performance of the Group. These non-IFRS measures should not be considered as an alternative to financial measures as defined under IFRS. Descriptions of the APMs included in this report are disclosed below. Reconciliations of these APMs outlined below are contained in the Appendix to this statement.APM Description Benefit of APM EBITDA EBITDA represents earnings before interest  tax  depreciation  impairment and amortisation. Eliminates the effects of financing and accounting decisions to allow assessment of the profitability and performance of the Group. EBITEBIT represents earnings before interest and tax. Measures the Group’s earnings from ongoing operations. Free cash flow before strategic capital expenditure Free cash flow comprises operating cash flow less capital expenditure before strategic capital expenditure which comprises expenditure on vessels excluding annual overhaul and repairs  and other assets with an expected economic life of over 10 years which increases capacity or efficiency of operations. Assesses the availability to the Group of funds for reinvestment or for return to shareholders. Net debt Net debt comprises total borrowings less cash and cash equivalents. Measures the Group's ability to repay its debts if they were to fall due immediately. Leverage Measured based on bank covenant definitions being net debt excluding lease liabilities over EBITDA adjusted for net lease effects and non-cash trading items. Measures the Group’s ability to draw funding. Adjusted Basic Earnings Per Share (EPS) EPS is adjusted to exclude the non- trading items and net interest (income) / cost on defined benefit obligations. Directors consider Adjusted Basic EPS to be a key indicator of long-term financial performance and value creation of a public listed company. ROACE ROACE represents return on average capital employed. Operating profit (before non-trading items) expressed as a percentage of average capital employed (consolidated net assets  excluding net (debt) / cash  retirement benefit surplus / (obligation) and asset under construction net of related liabilities. Measures the Group’s profitability and the efficiency with which its capital is employed. Pre-IFRS 16 Use of the term pre-IFRS 16 denotes that the APM or IFRS measure has been adjusted to remove the effects of the application of IFRS 16: Leases. Measurement of covenants for bank facility purposesTerms and abbreviations teu 20 foot equivalent unit  an industry standard measurement for container units. RoRo unit Roll on  Roll off freight unit of any length either accompanied or unaccompanied carried on Ropax ferries. LoLo unit Lift on  Lift off container unit of any size. Ropax A cruise ferry capable of carrying both passengers and RoRo freight. ICG Unit ICG Unit is a stock exchange trading unit of ICG equity with each unit comprising one ordinary share and up to ten redeemable shares (if any in issue).10. Events after the Reporting DateThe Group agreed a new revolving credit facility with lenders  with a permitted drawing amount of €100.0 million  expiring in March 2029 as a replacement for the existing revolving credit facility with a maturity date of September 2024.The Board is proposing a final dividend of 9.93 cent per ordinary share amounting to €16.4 million out of the distributable reserves of the Company.There have been no other material events affecting the Group since 31 December 2023.11. Board ApprovalThis preliminary announcement was approved by the Board of Directors of Irish Continental Group plc on 6 March 2024.12. Annual Report and Annual General MeetingThe Group’s Annual Report and notice of Annual General Meeting  which will be held on Thursday 9 May 2024  will be notified to shareholders in April 2024.Appendix: Reconciliation of APMsfor the year ended 31 December 2023Alternative Performance MeasuresCertain financial measures set out in our Preliminary Statement of Results for the year ended 31 December 2023 are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Presentation of these Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) provides useful supplementary information which  when viewed in conjunction with the Group’s IFRS financial information  allows for a more meaningful understanding of the underlying financial and operating performance of the Group. These non-IFRS measures should not be considered as an alternative to financial measures as defined under IFRS.Descriptions of the APMs included in this report are disclosed below.(i) EBITDAEBITDA represents earnings before non-trading items  interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation. As it eliminates the effects of financing and depreciation decisions  it allows for the assessment of underlying cash profit generated from operations.Financial Statement Reference 2023 2022 €m €m Operating profit Condensed Consolidated Income Statement 68.4 66.7 Depreciation and amortisation Condensed Consolidated Income Statement 64.2 60.5 EBITDA 132.6 127.2(ii) Free Cash FlowFree cash flow comprises Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities less capital expenditure. It is presented both before and after strategic capital expenditure. Capital expenditure comprises purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets. Strategic capital expenditure comprises expenditure on vessels excluding annual overhaul and repairs  and other assets with an expected economic life of over 10 years which increases capacity or efficiency of operations.It is presented as a measure of the availability to the Group of funds for reinvestment or for return to shareholders.Financial Statement Reference 2023 2022 €m €m Net cash inflow from operating activities Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 128.6 126.3 Capital expenditure excluding strategic capital expenditure Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows *(21.5)(18.3) Free cash flow before strategic capital expenditure107.1108.0 Strategic capital expenditure Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows * (21.8) (57.4) Free cash flow after strategic capital expenditure85.350.6* The total of the capital expenditure amounts set out above comprises the line items ‘purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets’ and ‘lease inception costs’ reported in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.(iii) Net Debt (Pre-IFRS 16)Financial Statement Reference 2023 2022 €m €m Cash and cash equivalents Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (46.8) (39.0) Borrowings Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 153.5 167.7 Net Debt (pre-IFRS 16) 106.7 128.7(iv) LeverageThe debt leverage ratio is based on the definition in our lending agreements. The debt leverage ratio provides an indication of the Group’s debt capacity. The below table sets out the ratio at the reporting date:Financial Statement Reference 2023 2022 €m €m EBITDA See Note (i) 132.6 127.2 Capital repayment on lease receivable Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 3.1 3.0 Lease payments Note 6 (19.5) (22.3) EBITDA for covenant purposes 116.2 107.9Financial Statement Reference 2023 2022 €m €m Net Debt (pre IFRS 16) Note (iii) 106.7 128.7 Bank deposits subject to lien 3.5 3.5 Trade guarantees Note 5 0.6 0.6 Origination fees Note 5 0.3 0.5 Net Debt for covenant purposes 111.1 133.3Covenant Level (Times) Times Times Leverage ratio Max 3.0x 1.0x 1.2x(v) Adjusted Basic EPSBasic EPS is adjusted to exclude non-trading items and net interest cost on defined benefit obligations. Non-trading items are material non-recurring items that derive from events or transactions that fall outside the ordinary activities of the Group and which individually  or  if of a similar type  in aggregate  are separately disclosed by virtue of their size or incidence.It is used as a key indicator of long-term financial performance and value creation of a public listed company.The calculation of adjusted basic EPS is set out at note 4.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.59,0.24,0.17,True,English,"['Preliminary Statement', 'Results', 'year', 'five new remote controlled semi-automated rubber-tyred gantries', 'leading Irish-based maritime transport group', 'Oscar Wilde cruise ferry', 'Chairman John B. McGuckian', 'icg.ie David Ledwidge', 'icg.ie Media enquiries', 'one new ship', 'other abbreviated terms', 'supply chain difficulties', 'resulting over stocking', 'flexible cost base', 'environmentally friendly equipment', 'challenging trading conditions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Q4 Public Relations', 'Condensed Financial Statements', 'ex Tallink Star', 'strategic capital expenditure', 'long-term sustainable growth', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'overall financial outcome', 'q4pr.ie Results', 'Irish Continental Group', 'initial 20 month period', 'balance sheet strength', 'terminal electrification programme', 'alternative performance measures', 'latest semi-automated', 'financial performance', 'Financial Summary', 'Blue Star', 'record growth', 'Capital allocation', 'Preliminary Statement', 'Basic earnings', 'Final dividend', 'Net debt', 'Volume movements', 'RoRo units', 'Port lifts', 'adjusted earnings', 'strong performance', 'passenger markets', 'strong position', 'freight markets', 'record levels', 'purchase options', 'Pembroke route', 'The Group', 'short-term basis', 'weak export', 'import levels', 'strong levels', 'current program', 'full attention', 'significant progress', 'excellent position', 'key focus', 'front line', 'reliable operation', 'Eamonn Rothwell', 'Financial Highlights', 'Terminal Division', 'Operating profit', 'Ferries Division', 'Norbay vessel', 'earlier part', 'activity levels', 'final crane', 'cash generation', 'strong year', 'container terminals', 'share buybacks', 'prior years', 'EBITDA increase', 'Change Revenue', 'year end', '000 Change', 'IFRS', 'ROACE', 'Cars', 'Containers', 'explanation', 'note', 'page', 'recovery', 'introduction', 'duty-free', 'footprint', 'volumes', 'scale', 'business', 'May', 'extension', 'service', 'Rosslare', 'Epsilon', 'owners', 'charter', 'backdrop', 'number', 'profitability', 'China', 'impact', 'reduction', 'demand', 'advantage', 'expansion', 'modernisation', 'September', 'total', 'RTGs', 'shore', 'operations', 'returns', 'shareholders', 'combination', 'dividends', 'ambition', 'opportunities', 'last', 'maximisation', 'investment', 'facilities', 'future', 'company', 'colleagues', 'efficient', 'requirements', 'customers', 'March', 'Email', 'tax']",2024-03-07,2024-03-08,globenewswire.com
37173,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/fbd-says-claims-for-accidental-damage-to-cars-are-on-the-rise/a186383323.html,FBD says claims for accidental damage to cars are on the rise,Consumers are making more claims for accidental damage to their vehicles rather than paying for its themselves due to a jump in the cost of repairs.,Higher cost of repairs means more people are turning to insurersConsumers are making more claims for accidental damage to their vehicles rather than paying for its themselves due to a jump in the cost of repairs.The chief executive of insurer FBD  Tomás O’Midheach  said that the cost of motor repair labour and parts including paint has increased amid boarder inflation. He said that the scheduling of repairs is also often taking longer.“There are two impacts in terms of accidental damage ” he said. “One is the actual cost of settlement. Typically  that’s gone up by about 17pc in the year. As that cost increases  people are more likely to make a claim. The number of notifications has gone up 11pc.“Previously  people might have decided ‘Oh  I’ll cover that myself  it’s not going to cost much’ ” said Mr O’Midheach. “Now they’re more likely to make a claim for accidental damage.”He said the proportion of accidental damage claims is “really moving up” and the insurer told investors that there remains “considerable upward pressure on constituent costs”.Now they’re more likely to make a claim for accidental damageHowever  Mr O’Midheach pointed out that the personal injuries guidelines have resulted in lower amounts of injuries claims.“They’re countervailing forces now really ” he added.But the increases did little to dent FBD’s results for 2023. The stock market-listed insurer said that its profit after tax last year soared nearly 23pc to €81m. Its combined operating ratio – a key measure of profitability for insurance firms – was 81pc in 2023. A figure above 100 means that an insurance company is paying out more in claims than it is getting in premiums.FBD’s insurance revenue climbed 8pc last year to €401m  while its gross written premiums were 8pc higher at €414m.While there were more named storms in 2023 than in 2022  FBD noted that there were still a “lower number of attritional weather events” last year.Large injury claims  which are for amounts greater than €250 000  that were notified in 2023 were also lower than the average in pre-Covid years.The company saw the number of policies it has with customers increase 2.6pc last year  while average premiums rose 5.4pc. But of that latter rise  4.5 percentage points was a result of increased levels of coverage  primarily as a result of higher property rebuild costs due to construction inflation.FBD – which is listed on Dublin’s Euronext - also confirmed that it is looking at the merits of retaining a listing in London  noting that trading there as a percentage of overall trading volume in its shares has significantly reduced in recent years.FBD chief financial officer Kate Tobin said that the cost of maintaining the listing isn’t high – between €25 000 and €30 000 a year – but that other factors have also prompted the review.“We’ve access through Euronext to a wide variety of investors ” she said. “Over time  and following Brexit  we see greater risk of regulatory divergence.”FBD’s annual report published on Friday also shows that Mr O’Midheach was paid a total of €1.15m last year  compared with almost €1.1m in 2022. His pay last year comprised a basic salary of €530 000 and a €544 000 bonus.,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['accidental damage', 'FBD', 'claims', 'cars', 'rise', 'Tomás O’Midheach', 'higher property rebuild costs', 'FBD chief financial officer', 'Mr O’Midheach', 'motor repair labour', 'considerable upward pressure', 'combined operating ratio', 'attritional weather events', 'overall trading volume', 'personal injuries guidelines', 'stock market-listed insurer', 'tax last year', 'gross written premiums', 'Large injury claims', 'accidental damage claims', 'chief executive', 'constituent costs', 'Higher cost', 'injuries claims', 'boarder inflation', 'two impacts', 'key measure', 'insurance firms', 'insurance revenue', 'Covid years', 'latter rise', 'construction inflation', 'recent years', 'Kate Tobin', 'other factors', 'wide variety', 'greater risk', 'regulatory divergence', 'annual report', 'basic salary', 'insurer FBD', 'actual cost', 'lower amounts', 'insurance company', 'average premiums', '4.5 percentage points', 'lower number', 'cost increases', 'repairs', 'people', 'insurers', 'Consumers', 'vehicles', 'jump', 'parts', 'paint', 'scheduling', 'terms', 'settlement', '17pc', 'notifications', 'proportion', 'investors', 'forces', 'results', 'profit', 'figure', 'storms', 'policies', 'customers', 'levels', 'coverage', 'Dublin', 'Euronext', 'merits', 'listing', 'London', 'shares', 'review', 'time', 'Brexit', 'Friday', 'total', 'pay', '€544,000 bonus']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,independent.ie
37174,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jde-peet-announces-leadership-transition-175700580.html,JDE Peet’s Announces Leadership Transition,JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) today announced that Luc Vandevelde has been appointed Interim CEO of JDE Peet’s  effective 1 April 2024. Vandevelde will also become Chairman of the Board of JDE Peet’s after the next Annual General Meeting on 25 May 2024.,"JDE Peet's N.V.PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  8 March 2024Industry Veteran Luc Vandevelde Appointed Interim CEO and Nominated ChairmanJDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) today announced that Luc Vandevelde has been appointed Interim CEO of JDE Peet’s  effective 1 April 2024. Vandevelde will also become Chairman of the Board of JDE Peet’s after the next Annual General Meeting on 25 May 2024. Under Vandevelde’s leadership  the company will initiate a search process for a permanent CEO  evaluating both internal and external candidates.Vandevelde  who has served as Lead Independent Director of JDE Peet’s since its listing  has extensive experience within the company as well as in the retail and FMCG sectors. His previous roles include Chairman of Carrefour  Chairman and CEO of Marks and Spencer Group plc  and Senior Independent Director of Vodafone Group plc. He spent the first 24 years of his career with Kraft Foods  ultimately becoming CEO of Kraft Jacobs Suchard’s French and Italian operations.“Luc is a seasoned executive who knows JDE Peet’s and the coffee category intimately  and we are confident in his ability to unlock shareholder value while leading the search for a permanent CEO ” said Joachim Creus  CEO of JAB. “JAB has strong conviction in the long-term growth prospects of JDE Peet’s and the resilience of the sector  and we are fully committed to our investment in the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company.”Fabien Simon  who has served as CEO and Executive Director of JDE Peet’s since September 2020  will depart the company on 1 April 2024.“On behalf of the Board  I want to thank Fabien for leading JDE Peet’s  particularly through a period of macro disruption ” said Olivier Goudet  Chairman of JDE Peet’s. “While navigating COVID and high inflation in a more complicated world  Fabien transformed the company into a global coffee and tea powerhouse with brands  talent and sustainability at its core. Our leading portfolio of brands and products ideally position JDE Peet’s to gain global market share by meeting the diverse needs of our many customers and consumers. On behalf of the Board  we wish Fabien much success in his future endeavours.”Story continuesSimon added  ""It has been an honour to lead this amazing company. Leveraging the company’s strengthened fundamentals  brands  innovations and first class teams in every corner of the world  I am confident that JDE Peet's has a very bright future.""Goudet will remain on the Board as Non-Executive Director once Vandevelde assumes the role of Chairman.###Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.NOTE TO EDITORS – EXECUTIVE BIOGRAPHYLuc Vandevelde is the Founder and Chair of Change Capital Partners LLP  which manages private equity funds focused on buy-outs of middle market consumer-related companies across Europe  and the Chair of Majid Al Futtaim Leisure & Entertainment and Cinemas. He was the Chair and CEO of Marks and Spencer Group plc and the Senior Independent Director of Vodafone Group plc and Chair of its remuneration committee. He retired from the Vodafone board of directors in September 2015  following 12 years as a non-executive director. Luc was a director of Société Générale S.A. until May 2012. Vandevelde is the former Chair of Carrefour. He started his career with Kraft Foods where he worked for 24 years in Europe and the United States in finance  business development and mergers and acquisitions. After the acquisition and integration of Jacobs Suchard AG  he became Chief Executive Officer of Kraft Jacobs Suchard’s French and Italian operations.EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comZach SiegelThe One Nine Three Groupzach@the193.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 100 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2023  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 21 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.56,0.33,0.11,True,English,"['JDE Peet', 'Leadership Transition', 'Société Générale S.A.', 'The One Nine Three Group zach', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Change Capital Partners LLP', 'Majid Al Futtaim Leisure', 'middle market consumer-related companies', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Industry Veteran Luc Vandevelde', 'Spencer Group plc', 'Vodafone Group plc', 'long-term growth prospects', 'private equity funds', 'global market share', 'first class teams', 'Jacobs Suchard AG', 'Lead Independent Director', 'Senior Independent Director', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Kraft Jacobs Suchard', 'N.V.', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'Zach Siegel', 'Kraft Foods', 'Executive Director', 'global workforce', 'seasoned executive', 'EXECUTIVE BIOGRAPHY', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'external candidates', 'extensive experience', 'FMCG sectors', 'previous roles', 'Italian operations', 'shareholder value', 'Joachim Creus', 'strong conviction', 'macro disruption', 'high inflation', 'diverse needs', 'many customers', 'future endeavours', 'bright future', 'remuneration committee', 'United States', 'business development', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'JDE Peet', 'global coffee', 'Vodafone board', 'leading portfolio', 'first 24 years', 'coffee category', 'search process', 'Olivier Goudet', 'tea powerhouse', 'Enquiries Media', 'Interim CEO', 'permanent CEO', 'amazing company', 'complicated world', 'former Chair', 'tea company', 'Fabien Simon', '12 years', 'Amsterdam', '8 March', 'Chairman', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', '25 May', 'leadership', 'internal', 'listing', 'retail', 'Carrefour', 'Marks', 'career', 'French', 'ability', 'JAB', 'resilience', 'investment', 'September', '1 April', 'behalf', 'period', 'COVID', 'brands', 'talent', 'core', 'products', 'consumers', 'success', 'Story', 'honour', 'fundamentals', 'innovations', 'corner', 'information', 'meaning', 'NOTE', 'EDITORS', 'Founder', 'buy-outs', 'Europe', 'Entertainment', 'Cinemas', 'directors', 'finance', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'integration', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,100 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '21,000 employees', 'journey', 'Attachment']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
37175,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/analysis-opinion/explainer-will-the-british-isa-revive-the-ftse-and-could-it-work-for-the-irish-market/,Explainer: Will the British Isa revive the FTSE - and could it work for the Irish market?,Announcing measures to push more cash into the British market  Jeremy Hunt  the UK chancellor  pronounced: “Today following calls from over 200 representatives of the city and our high growth sectors I will reform the ISA system to encourage more people to invest in UK assets.”,"The exodus from the FTSE ramped up again this week and the if Wednesday’s budget is anything to go by - the UK government is clearly feeling the pressure.Announcing measures to push more cash into the British market  Jeremy Hunt  the UK chancellor  pronounced: “Today following calls from over 200 representatives of the city and our high growth sectors I will reform the ISA system to encourage more people to invest in UK assets.”However  those campaigning for political assistance to aid the ailing Iseq aren’t likely to be envious or look for similar proposals in Ireland.What’s the deal?For months members of the financial district have been campaigning for reforms of the so-called “British Isa” - or individual savings accounts.Their calls have seemingly been heard. Under the newly issued proposals  the British Isa will offer an additional £5 000 (€5 847) tax-free saving allowance to be invested in UK assets.Isas have been around since 1999 and allow people in the UK to make investments without being subject to income tax  tax on dividends or capital gains tax  up until a limit. The idea behind them is that people should be putting their money to work by investing in companies to generate returns rather than holding cash in savings accounts.Advocates of the British ISA believe incentivising retail investors to support UK companies would improve liquidity in the London market - particularly for small and mid-cap companies. Nick Vaill  senior investment director at Investec Wealth & Investment said the launch was a ""welcome addition"" and a ""helpful change in narrative"" for unloved UK-listed equities.However  following the announcement there was also a loud chorus from corners of the investment industry that the idea wouldn’t work given - citing fears that the scheme’s complexity would turn people off and that people wouldn’t be able to afford it.The £5 000 top-up is just that - a top-up to an existing  and expensive  scheme. It is an extension of the £20 000 existing tax-free maximum which can be invested anywhere in the globe.According to one investing platform  only 800 000 are wealthy enough to use the full £25 000 allowance - which refreshes on an annual basis. This means the proposed reforms would only generate an additional £4 billion in investment per year - a relatively small sum to the £2 trillion London exchange.It also creates problems from an investing perspective. UK investors already invest considerable sums into the UK stock market - and anyone au fait with global markets will tell you that diversification is critical  including by geography.Overloading on the UK economy  which is full of what some parties call old school companies - like financials and energy stocks - could leave investors exposed when market dynamics shift.What does it mean for the Iseq?Even if the tax incentive works  it probably has little bearing on the Iseq.Granted some companies are dual-listed with shares on the London and Dublin exchanges  but the price of stock doesn’t vary widely - a fact unlikely to change soon. For example  AIB’s London shares were trading at £3.76 (€4.40) on Thursday  the same price as the Dublin shares (€4.40).There is the risk that those Iseq companies that are mulling a Wall Street move and already have a London listing would be more likely to abandon Dublin. However  realistically that is already the case. Just look at Flutter  Smurfit Kappa and CRH.Read More Euronext launches last-ditch attempt to keep Smurfit Kappa on Irish marketIf the proposal is successful another question remains - can Ireland implement something similar?That opens a whole other can of worms.Ireland does not have an equivalent to the individual savings account. The closest thing is a personal retirement savings account  which would be for longer-term investments.There could be an argument for a tax-free allowance for Dublin-listed stocks for the retirement savings account - but the Iseq is much smaller than the FTSE  and encouraging Irish people to put significant savings into a market of under 50 stocks could be seen as unwise at best and irresponsible at worst.",neutral,0.05,0.84,0.11,mixed,0.14,0.26,0.6,True,English,"['British Isa', 'Irish market', 'Explainer', 'FTSE', 'personal retirement savings account', 'individual savings account', 'high growth sectors', 'unloved UK-listed equities', 'Wall Street move', '£20,000 existing tax-free maximum', 'one investing platform', '847) tax-free saving allowance', 'capital gains tax', '£2 trillion London exchange', 'senior investment director', 'UK stock market', 'savings accounts', 'tax-free allowance', 'significant savings', 'investing perspective', 'full £25,000 allowance', 'UK government', 'British market', 'Jeremy Hunt', 'UK chancellor', 'ISA system', 'UK assets', 'political assistance', 'financial district', 'British Isa', 'income tax', 'London market', 'Nick Vaill', 'Investec Wealth', 'welcome addition', 'helpful change', 'loud chorus', 'annual basis', 'considerable sums', 'global markets', 'UK economy', 'market dynamics', 'tax incentive', 'little bearing', 'London listing', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'Irish market', 'other can', 'closest thing', 'investment industry', 'retail investors', 'UK investors', 'energy stocks', 'Dublin exchanges', 'London shares', 'Dublin-listed stocks', 'similar proposals', 'UK companies', 'mid-cap companies', 'expensive, scheme', 'small sum', 'same price', 'longer-term investments', 'ailing Iseq', 'Dublin shares', 'Irish people', 'Iseq companies', '50 stocks', 'exodus', 'FTSE', 'Wednesday', 'budget', 'pressure', 'measures', 'cash', 'calls', '200 representatives', 'city', 'Ireland', 'deal', 'months', 'members', 'reforms', 'Isas', 'dividends', 'limit', 'idea', 'money', 'returns', 'Advocates', 'liquidity', 'launch', 'narrative', 'announcement', 'corners', 'fears', 'complexity', '£5,000 top-up', 'extension', 'globe', 'year', 'problems', 'diversification', 'geography', 'Overloading', 'parties', 'financials', 'fact', 'example', 'AIB', 'Thursday', 'risk', 'case', 'Flutter', 'CRH', 'Euronext', 'question', 'something', 'worms', 'equivalent', 'argument']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,businesspost.ie
37176,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-03/61629328-dbv-technologies-s-a-dbv-technologies-announces-filing-of-2023-annual-report-on-form-10-k-and-universal-registration-document-399.htm,DBV Technologies S.A.: DBV Technologies announces filing of 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Universal Registration Document,DBV Technologies announces filing of 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Universal Registration Document DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV - ISIN: FR0010417345 -,"Montrouge  France  March 8  2024DBV Technologies announces filing of 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Universal Registration DocumentDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV - ISIN: FR0010417345 - Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need (the ""Company"")  today announced the filing  for the year ended December 31  2023  of its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"") and its Universal Registration Document (""URD"") with the French market authority  ""Autorité des Marchés Financiers"" (""AMF"").These documents can be accessed on the Investors section of the Company's website at www.dbv-technologies.com. In addition  the URD is available on the AMF's website at www.amf-france.organd the Form 10-K is available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.Printed copies of both documents are available  free of charge  at the Company's headquarters and registered office located at 177-181 avenue Pierre Brossolette 92120 Montrouge  France.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need. DBV is currently focused on investigating the use of its proprietary technology platform  Viaskin  to address food allergies  which are caused by a hypersensitive immune reaction and characterized by a range of symptoms varying in severity from mild to life-threatening anaphylaxis. Millions of people live with food allergies including young children. Through epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT)  the Viaskin platform is designed to introduce microgram amounts of a biologically active compound to the immune system through intact skin. EPIT is a new class of non-invasive treatment that seeks to modify an individual's underlying allergy by re-educating the immune system to become desensitized to allergen by leveraging the skin's immune tolerizing properties. DBV is committed to transforming the care of food allergic people. The Company's food allergy programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut in peanut allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years of age) and children (4 through 7 years of age).DBV Technologies is headquartered in Montrouge  France  with North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company's ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company's ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).For more information  please visit www.dbvtechnologies.comand engage with us on Xand LinkedIn.Viaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologieskatie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAurora KrauseDBV Technologiesaurora.krause-ext@dbv-technologies.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['DBV Technologies S.A.', 'Universal Registration Document', '2023 Annual Report', 'Form 10-K', 'filing', 'significant unmet medical need', '177-181 avenue Pierre Brossolette', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'French market authority', 'Universal Registration Document', 'other immunologic conditions', 'U.S. Securities', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'North American operations', 'proprietary technology platform', 'hypersensitive immune reaction', 'immune tolerizing properties', 'peanut allergic toddlers', 'one ordinary share', 'Marchés Financiers', 'food allergy programs', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'food allergic people', 'DBV Technologies katie', 'DBV Technologies aurora', 'immune system', 'underlying allergy', 'ordinary shares', 'food allergies', '2023 Annual Report', 'Form 10-K', 'treatment options', 'Exchange Commission', 'Investors section', 'registered office', 'life-threatening anaphylaxis', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Viaskin platform', 'microgram amounts', 'active compound', 'new class', 'non-invasive treatment', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'Basking Ridge', 'segment B', 'Xand LinkedIn', 'Investor Contact', 'Katie Matthews', 'Media Contact', 'Aurora Krause', 'young children', 'intact skin', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'The Company', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'filing', 'DBVT', 'year', 'December', 'URD', 'Autorité', 'AMF', 'documents', 'website', 'dbv-technologies', 'addition', 'copies', 'charge', 'headquarters', 'range', 'symptoms', 'severity', 'mild', 'Millions', 'EPIT', 'individual', 'allergen', 'care', 'NJ.', 'Ticker', 'ADSs', 'one-half', 'information', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2024-03-06,2024-03-08,finanznachrichten.de
37177,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/strong-interest-when-ellevio-issued-eur-500-million-green-bond-302084117.html,Strong interest when Ellevio issued EUR 500 million green bond,The electricity network company Ellevio AB (publ) has successfully issued an EUR 500 million green bond that will fund eligible green,"STOCKHOLM  March 8  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The electricity network company Ellevio AB (publ) has successfully issued an EUR 500 million green bond that will fund eligible green projects in accordance with the company's Green Finance Framework. Ellevio's pronounced sustainability profile  stable business and strong financial position were particularly well received by the capital market.""We are very pleased with the outcome and positive feedback we received "" says Jan Seveborg  Head of Treasury at Ellevio. ""This successful transaction expands our range of investors and confirms the market confidence in our stable and long-term operations and strong sustainability profile.""The bond has a fixed rate and carries a coupon of 4.125 per cent annually  with final maturity in March 2034. It is listed on the Irish Stock Exchange (EuroNext Dublin). The transaction marked Ellevio's inaugural EUR bond  having previously only been active in the domestic SEK and USPP markets.Joint bookrunners on the bond issue was BNP Paribas  ING Bank N.V.  Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and NatWest Markets N.VFor further information  please contact:Jan Seveborg  Head of TreasuryFirstname.lastname@ellevio.se+46 70 344 51 63Sarah Östberg  Head of Financial and Sustainability CommunicationsFirstname.lastname@ellevio.se+46 70 971 12 40About EllevioWith close to one million customers  Ellevio is one of Sweden's largest energy companies. Together with our customers we take an active role in the journey towards an increasingly electrified society. Our electricity grids are the backbone that connects producers and consumers  enable more renewable electricity  electrification of transport and industry and create opportunities for new climate-smart solutions. We have 730 employees and employ a total of some 3 000 people around the country. We are owned by the pension managers OMERS Infrastructure  AP3  Folksam and AMF.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/ellevio-ab/r/strong-interest-when-ellevio-issued-eur-500-million-green-bond c3943149",positive,0.92,0.08,0.01,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['EUR 500 million green bond', 'Strong interest', 'Ellevio', 'ING Bank N.V.', 'Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB', 'NatWest Markets N.V', 'EUR 500 million green bond', 'eligible green projects', 'Green Finance Framework', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'inaugural EUR bond', 'largest energy companies', 'new climate-smart solutions', 'one million customers', 'strong financial position', 'strong sustainability profile', 'electricity network company', 'USPP markets', 'bond issue', 'Sustainability Communications', 'electricity grids', 'renewable electricity', 'Ellevio AB', 'capital market', 'positive feedback', 'Jan Seveborg', 'market confidence', 'long-term operations', 'fixed rate', '4.125 per cent', 'final maturity', 'EuroNext Dublin', 'domestic SEK', 'Joint bookrunners', 'BNP Paribas', 'Sarah Östberg', 'active role', 'electrified society', 'pension managers', 'OMERS Infrastructure', 'stable business', 'successful transaction', 'news.cision', 'STOCKHOLM', 'PRNewswire', 'publ', 'accordance', 'outcome', 'Head', 'Treasury', 'range', 'investors', 'coupon', 'March', 'information', 'Firstname', 'lastname', 'close', 'Sweden', 'journey', 'backbone', 'producers', 'consumers', 'electrification', 'transport', 'industry', 'opportunities', '730 employees', 'total', '3,000 people', 'country', 'Folksam', 'AMF', 'strong-interest', '500-million-green-bond']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,prnewswire.co.uk
37178,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-announces-volumes-february-2024-164500328.html,Euronext announces volumes for February 2024,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 91 777 68 97 Milan+39 02 72 42 67 56Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45 Euronext announces volumes for February 2024 Amsterdam ,"Euronext Paris SAContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 91 777 68 97 Milan +39 02 72 42 67 56 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for February 2024Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 March 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for February 2024.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTSMEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Europe Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.com Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of December 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext)Story continuesDisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Corporate Services Coralie Patri', 'Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'data subject request form', 'Europe Aurélie Cohen', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella', 'Data Protection Offi', 'historical volume tables', 'Rome Ester Russom', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'Amsterdam Marianne Aalders', 'Brussels Marianne Aalders', 'Lisbon Sandra Machado', 'press release service', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'trading volumes', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Andrea Monzani', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,900 listed issuers', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Dublin', 'Milan', 'February', '8 March', 'Monthly', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'brusselspressoffice', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'exchanges', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'end', 'December', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Story', 'Disclaimer', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'request_information', 'rights-request', '02']",2024-03-08,2024-03-08,uk.finance.yahoo.com
