UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
24066,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4596243-munich-re-expect-double-digit-earnings-dividend-increase-this-year,Munich Re: Expect A Double Digit Earnings And Dividend Increase This Year,Munich Re (MURGF) will see its net income increase by almost 20% this year. Check out my recommendation on Munich Re stock.,JHVEPhoto/iStock Editorial via Getty ImagesIntroductionMunich Re (OTCPK:MURGY) (OTCPK:MURGF) is a large Germany-based reinsurance company with a commitment to a low risk approach and an increasing dividend. This is backed by a currently relatively low payout ratio and the company's commitment to continue to increase the dividend by approximately 5% per year.Yahoo FinanceMunich Re has its main listing in Germany where it is listed on the Deutsche Boerse with MUV2 as its ticker symbol. As the average daily volume exceeds 300 000 shares per day  it goes without saying investors should focus on the most liquid listing to trade in the company's shares. All relevant presentations can be found here.The targets for 2025 remain validMunich Re doesn't just provide a 2025 guidance  it made a 'pledge to its shareholders'. As you can see below  the company plans to increase the EPS by about 5% per year and these profit increases should flow back towards the shareholders as the dividend is anticipated to increase at a similar rate. Meanwhile  the Return on Equity should come in at 14-16% while the optimal solvency ratio is 175-220%.Munich Re Investor RelationsThat's interesting because this allows us to calculate an EPS expectation as we also already know Munich Re's guidance for 2023 (below).Munich Re Investor RelationsThe company anticipates to generate a total insurance revenue of 58B EUR and expects to generate a net income of 4B EUR of which in excess of 80% will be contributed by the reinsurance activities. As there are currently 137.6M shares outstanding  the EPS could be expected to come in at approximately 29 EUR per share which would be a much higher result than the 24 EUR per share in 2022 and it would for sure exceed the anticipated average EPS growth of 5%.The reason for this is pretty straightforward: not only does Munich Re have one of the best in class underwriting teams and insurance losses remain limited  the higher interest rates will also firmly start to work in the company's favor. Cash becoming available from fixed income investments reaching their maturity date can now easily be redeployed into higher yielding securities. The image below clearly shows the impact of the recent increase of the interest rates on the market: there will be a rather substantial increase in the 'running yield' and as long as the market rates remain relatively elevated  this running yield will continue to increase. And with an investment portfolio of almost 250B EUR  every 10 basis point increase adds 250M EUR to the pre-tax investment result.Munich Re Investor RelationsOf course higher interest rates on the market also result in an unrealized loss on the bond portfolio. The reinsurance company does not have to let this flow through the normal income statement but the unrealized losses are included in the comprehensive income statement and are visible on the balance sheet as the total equity value decreases despite retaining 1.8B EUR in earnings.As of the end of 2022  the balance sheet contained 21.2B EUR in equity (down by 9.7B EUR compared to the end of 2021) which resulted in a book value per share of 154 EUR (down from in excess of 200 EUR per share at the end of 2021). This is nothing to be too worried about although this does mean Munich is currently trading at approximately twice the book value. That's relatively high but considering the company is expecting a 15% net income increase and considering it is likely about 2B EUR will be retained as equity on the balance sheet this year (excluding the impact of a share buyback program)  it probably still is a fair price to pay for a leader in the reinsurance space.If the total value of the bond portfolio doesn't decrease any further  the 2B EUR in retained earnings this year will add about 15 EUR per share in book value.Munich Re Investor RelationsLooking at the breakdown of the investment portfolio  it is pretty obvious the majority of the insurance float is invested in fixed income securities and loans. And in excess of 60% of the 55.6% invested in fixed rate securities has been invested in government bonds.And of course  a very large portion of the fixed income portfolio has been invested in German and American assets which make up almost half of the total portfolio. And as you can see below  the total exposure to countries that are perceived as 'weaker' like Spain and Italy is very minimal (3.8% of the total fixed income portfolio on a combined basis).Munich Re Investor RelationsInvestment thesisAnd this makes Munich Re an interesting long-term buy and hold. While it's not easy to pay in excess of two times the book value  the stock is relatively cheap based on the earnings profile (trading at just 11 times earnings) while the relatively high earnings retention ratio will rapidly increase the book value again. If the bond portfolio does not deteriorate  Munich Re's book value will likely hit 200 EUR per share again before the end of 2025 (excluding the impact of share repurchases).Meanwhile  the dividend of 3.4% is pretty secure as this represents a payout ratio of less than 50% of the 2022 earnings while the reinsurance company will likely continue to increase its dividend at a pace in line with its earnings increase.I currently have no position in Munich Re  but I am planning to pick up stock on the next weakness. I consider this to be a solid 'buy and hold' company as its management has definitely proven and shown its capabilities to navigate the company through choppy waters.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.06,0.53,True,English,"['Double Digit Earnings', 'Munich Re', 'Dividend Increase', 'Munich Re Investor Relations', 'high earnings retention ratio', 'total fixed income portfolio', 'large Germany-based reinsurance company', 'low payout ratio', 'optimal solvency ratio', 'fixed income investments', 'fixed income securities', 'low risk approach', 'average daily volume', 'class underwriting teams', 'normal income statement', 'comprehensive income statement', 'interesting long-term buy', 'higher yielding securities', 'fixed rate securities', 'total insurance revenue', '10 basis point increase', '15% net income increase', 'higher interest rates', 'average EPS growth', 'pre-tax investment result', 'share buyback program', 'total equity value', 'higher result', 'total portfolio', 'large portion', 'total value', 'total exposure', 'investment portfolio', 'similar rate', 'reinsurance activities', 'recent increase', 'substantial increase', 'reinsurance space', 'combined basis', 'bond portfolio', 'insurance losses', 'insurance float', 'Investment thesis', 'book value', 'iStock Editorial', 'Getty Images', 'increasing dividend', 'Yahoo Finance', 'main listing', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'ticker symbol', 'liquid listing', 'relevant presentations', 'profit increases', 'maturity date', 'running yield', 'unrealized loss', 'balance sheet', 'fair price', 'government bonds', 'American assets', 'two times', 'earnings profile', '11 times earnings', 'market rates', 'EPS expectation', '1.8B EUR', '21.2B EUR', 'share repurchases', '137.6M shares', '29 EUR', '24 EUR', '200 EUR', '300,000 shares', 'JHVEPhoto', 'Introduction', 'MURGY', 'MURGF', 'commitment', 'year', 'MUV2', 'day', 'investors', 'targets', '2025 guidance', 'pledge', 'shareholders', 'Return', '58B', '4B', 'excess', 'reason', 'favor', 'Cash', 'impact', '250B', '250M', '9.7B', 'leader', 'breakdown', 'majority', 'loans', 'course', 'half', 'countries', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'repr']",2023-04-30,2023-04-30,seekingalpha.com
24067,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BRIGADE-M3-EUROPEAN-ACQUI-130552223/news/Brigade-M3-European-Acquisition-Annual-Report-2022-43686710/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230429,Brigade M3 European Acquisition : Annual Report - 2022,(marketscreener.com)   Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.   Financial statements   For the year ended 31 December 2022 with report of independent auditors     Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.   Contents   31 December 2022   ...ht…,"Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.Contents31 December 2022DIRECTORS' REPORTIntroductionBrigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. (the ""Company"") is a blank cheque company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability formed for the purpose of effecting a merger  share exchange  asset acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar Business Combination with an operating company with significant operations in Europe which has positively benefited from a structural shift caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or has been negatively impacted by a temporary dislocation caused by the COVID-19 pandemic  which is referred to herein as a Business Combination (""Business Combination"").The Company was formed by Brigade SPAC Sponsor II LLC (the ""Sponsor Entity""). The Sponsor Entity is controlled by Brigade Capital GP  LLC  which is an affiliate of Brigade Capital Management  LP  together with the group entities that are affiliated with it by way of common control (""Brigade""). M3 Euro SPAC Sponsor I  LP (""M3"") is the strategic partner to the Sponsor Entity.This Annual Report covers the year ended 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 (the ""Audit Period"").Business and Financial DevelopmentsThe Company appointed: (i) Cantor-Aurel and Cantor Fitzgerald Europe (""Cantor"") as joint global coordinators (collectively  the ""Joint Global Coordinators""); (ii) Cantor-Aurel as sole bookrunner; (iii) Brigade Capital UK LLP (the ""Financial Adviser"" or ""Brigade UK"")  an affiliate of the Sponsor Entity  as the financial adviser; (iv) ABN AMRO Bank N.V. as the listing and paying agent  and the warrant agent; andHSBC Bank plc (the "" Escrow Agent "") as escrow agent  in each case  in connection with the Offering (as defined below) and admission to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam of the Units  Ordinary Shares and Warrants ("" Admission "").On 8 December 2021  the Company offered by way of private placement 25 000 000 Units (the ""Units"")  each consisting of one ordinary share (an ""Ordinary Share"") and one-half (1/2) of a warrant (a ""Warrant"")  at a price of $10.00 per Unit (the ""Offering""). The Offering ended on 10 December 2021  raising proceeds of $250 000 000  and the Units  Ordinary Shares and Warrants were admitted to listing on Euronext Amsterdam on 10 December 2021.The Company has 18 months from 14 December 2021 (the ""Settlement Date"") to complete a Business Combination (the ""Business Combination Deadline"").The Company holds the proceeds of the IPO in an Escrow Account administered by the Escrow Agent (the ""Escrow Account""). As of 31 December 2022  the amount held in the Escrow Account was $258 070 782.More information about the Company  including the Company's Initial Public Offering (""IPO"") Prospectus dated 8 December 2021 (the ""Prospectus"")  which was approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM)  can be found on the Company's website - www.BrigadeM3EAC.comThe Company continues to actively seek to complete a Business Combination.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['M3 European Acquisition', 'Annual Report', 'Brigade', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'Brigade SPAC Sponsor II LLC', 'Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.', 'M3 Euro SPAC Sponsor', 'Brigade Capital UK LLP', 'HSBC Bank plc', 'Brigade Capital GP', 'Brigade Capital Management', 'joint global coordinators', 'one ordinary share', 'Initial Public Offering', 'similar Business Combination', 'Business Combination Deadline', 'blank cheque company', 'Cantor Fitzgerald Europe', 'Brigade UK', 'asset acquisition', 'Sponsor Entity', 'share exchange', 'share purchase', 'Ordinary Shares', ""DIRECTORS' REPORT"", 'Cayman Islands', 'limited liability', 'significant operations', 'structural shift', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'temporary dislocation', 'group entities', 'common control', 'strategic partner', 'Annual Report', 'Audit Period', 'Financial Developments', 'sole bookrunner', 'Financial Adviser', 'paying agent', 'Escrow Agent', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'private placement', 'Settlement Date', 'Escrow Account', 'More information', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'exempted company', 'operating company', 'warrant agent', 'The Company', 'Contents', 'December', 'Introduction', 'laws', 'purpose', 'merger', 'reorganisation', 'affiliate', 'way', 'year', '1 January', 'Cantor-Aurel', 'listing', 'case', 'connection', 'Units', 'Warrants', 'Admission', 'one-half', 'price', 'proceeds', '18 months', 'IPO', 'amount', 'Prospectus', 'AFM', 'website']",2023-04-29,2023-04-30,marketscreener.com
24068,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TEVA-PHARMACEUTICAL-INDUS-40246797/news/Teva-and-MedinCell-Announce-FDA-Approval-of-UZEDY-trade-risperidone-Extended-Release-Injectable-S-43686152/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230429,Teva and MedinCell Announce FDA Approval of UZEDY™ (risperidone) Extended-Release Injectable Suspension  a Long-Acting Subcutaneous Atypical Antipsychotic Injection  for the Treatment of Schizophrenia in Adults,(marketscreener.com) This new treatment provides adults living with schizophrenia a long-acting formulation that offers flexible 1- and 2-month dosing intervals1In a Phase 3 clinical trial  UZEDY demonstrated up to 80% reduction in risk of schizophrenia…,"Teva and MedinCell Announce FDA Approval of UZEDY™ (risperidone) Extended-Release Injectable Suspension  a Long-Acting Subcutaneous Atypical Antipsychotic Injection  for the Treatment of Schizophrenia in Adults 04/28/2023 | 08:23pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields This new treatment provides adults living with schizophrenia a long-acting formulation that offers flexible 1- and 2-month dosing intervals 1In a Phase 3 clinical trial  UZEDY demonstrated up to 80% reduction in risk of schizophrenia relapse versus placebo 1UZEDY is a subcutaneous injection from a pre-filled syringe with a 21-gauge needle Regulatory News: Teva Pharmaceuticals  a U.S. affiliate of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE and TASE: TEVA)  and MedinCell (Euronext: MEDCL) announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved UZEDY (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults. UZEDY is the first subcutaneous  long-acting formulation of risperidone that utilizes SteadyTeq™  a copolymer technology proprietary to MedinCell that controls the steady release of risperidone. Therapeutic blood concentrations are reached within 6-24 hours of a single dose.1 “UZEDY embodies Teva’s commitment to bringing innovative advances to patients and to providing people living with schizophrenia an important new treatment option that was designed to address certain treatment challenges and may decrease the risk of relapse ” said Richard Francis  President and CEO of Teva. “The approval of UZEDY is a culmination of a multidisciplinary effort across Teva and MedinCell to bring this important treatment to market. This milestone is a testament to advancing our robust biopharmaceutical pipeline of innovative medicines that aim to support more people living with mental health disorders and neurological diseases in the coming years.” Approximately 80% of patients with schizophrenia experience multiple relapses over the first five years of treatment 2 most commonly due to suboptimal adherence to treatment with oral antipsychotics. Each relapse carries a biological risk of loss of function  treatment refractoriness  and changes in brain morphology.3 4 Schizophrenia is a chronic  progressive and severely debilitating mental health disorder that affects how one thinks  feels and acts.5 This approval is based on data from two Phase 3 trials evaluating UZEDY in patients with schizophrenia: TV46000-CNS-30072 (the RISE Study – The Risperidone Subcutaneous Extended-Release Study) and TV46000-CNS-30078 (the SHINE Study – A Study to Test TV-46000 for Maintenance Treatment of Schizophrenia). ""The approval of the first product formulated with our technology is a pivotal moment for MedinCell and for the many patients who will benefit ” said Christophe Douat  CEO of MedinCell. “We are committed to supporting patients through innovative therapy options. It continues to be a wonderful journey with Teva  an ideal partner to harness the full potential of UZEDY. Our technology reaching commercial stage marks the start of an exciting new era for MedinCell and we are extremely proud to share this very special moment with all our employees and shareholders."" The use of novel SteadyTeq technology in UZEDY controls the release of risperidone over time. The initiation of treatment requires no loading dose or oral supplementation. Therapeutic blood concentrations are reached within 6-24 hours of a single dose.1 “Treatments for schizophrenia are largely prescribed as daily oral medications  which can present challenges with adherence due to missed doses. Lack of adherence to treatment with oral antipsychotics is the most common cause of relapse in schizophrenia 6 so there’s a role for therapies that are dosed in one- or two-month dosing intervals to help prevent relapse ” said Christoph Correll  MD  professor of psychiatry at the Zucker School of Medicine  Hempstead  NY. “As a clinician  I am excited to now have a new treatment option that reduces the risk of relapse1 for this complex disease and helps address some of the barriers around receiving schizophrenia treatment.” The Wholesale Acquisition Cost (WAC or “list price”) for UZEDY ranges from $1 232 to $3 080 per month depending on dosage strength. Actual costs for individual patients are anticipated to be lower than WAC because WAC does not account for additional rebates and discounts that may apply. Teva is committed to helping patients who have been prescribed UZEDY access their medication and provide patient support specialists to help with access and reimbursement  prescription pull-through and patient assistance. Savings on out-of-pocket costs may vary depending on the patient’s insurance provider and eligibility for participation in the co-pay assistance program. UZEDY will be available in the U.S. in the coming weeks. UZEDY Clinical Trial ResultsThe RISE study7 was a multicenter  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy of risperidone extended-release injectable suspension for subcutaneous use as a treatment in patients (ages 13-65 years) with schizophrenia. 544 patients were randomized to receive a subcutaneous injection of TV-46000 once monthly (q1M)  once every two months (q2M)  or placebo in a 1:1:1 ratio. The primary endpoint was time to impending relapse. The second of Teva’s Phase 3 studies – SHINE8 – was designed to evaluate the use of TV-46000 subcutaneously administered q1M or q2M for up to 56 weeks in 336 patients (ages 13-65 years) with schizophrenia. The primary endpoint was the frequency of all adverse events  including serious adverse events. This study was completed in December 2021; results align with the findings of the RISE study.9 In a companion survey of study participants  89% of patients and 92% of healthcare providers (HCPs) rated administration of UZEDY as easy when asked how easy or difficult it was to receive or administer the medication in its current form.10 Further  70% of patients agreed UZEDY provided a better injection experience than their previous long-acting injectables (LAIs); 30% of patients agreed they had a better injection experience with their prior LAI medication.10 Moreover  given the choice between continuing to take the clinical trial medication or returning to their previous medication  90% of patients opted to use UZEDY.10 Companion survey data were collected from 63 patients  24 physicians  and 25 nurses in a prospective  cross-sectional companion survey assessing the perceptions regarding ease of use and satisfaction with UZEDY. The survey was conducted after a minimum of two experiences prescribing  administering  or receiving UZEDY. About SchizophreniaSchizophrenia is a chronic  progressive and severely debilitating mental disorder that affects how one thinks  feels and acts. Patients experience an array of symptoms  which may include delusions  hallucinations  disorganized speech or behavior and impaired cognitive ability. Approximately 1% of the world’s population will develop schizophrenia in their lifetime  and 3.5 million people in the U.S. are currently diagnosed with the condition. Although schizophrenia can occur at any age  the average age of onset tends to be in the late teens to the early 20s for men  and the late 20s to early 30s for women. The long-term course of schizophrenia is marked by episodes of partial or full remission broken by relapses that often occur in the context of psychiatric emergency and require hospitalization. Approximately 80% of patients experience multiple relapses over the first five years of treatment  and each relapse carries a biological risk of loss of function  treatment refractoriness  and changes in brain morphology. Patients are often unaware of their illness and its consequences  contributing to treatment nonadherence  high discontinuation rates  and ultimately  significant direct and indirect healthcare costs from subsequent relapses and hospitalizations. About UZEDYUZEDY (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension  for subcutaneous use rather than intramuscular use  is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults. In clinical trials  UZEDY reduced the risk of relapse by up to 80%. UZEDY administers risperidone through copolymer technology under license from MedinCell that allows for absorption and sustained release in the first subcutaneous injection. UZEDY is the only long-acting  subcutaneous formulation of risperidone available in both one- and two-month dosing intervals.1 For full prescribing information  visit https://www.uzedy.com/globalassets/uzedy/prescribing-information.pdf. INDICATION AND USAGE UZEDY (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension for subcutaneous use is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION WARNING: INCREASED MORTALITY IN ELDERLY PATIENTS WITH DEMENTIA-RELATED PSYCHOSIS Elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis treated with antipsychotic drugs are at an increased risk of death. UZEDY is not approved for use in patients with dementia-related psychosis and has not been studied in this patient population. CONTRAINDICATIONS: UZEDY is contraindicated in patients with a known hypersensitivity to risperidone  its metabolite  paliperidone  or to any of its components. Hypersensitivity reactions  including anaphylactic reactions and angioedema  have been reported in patients treated with risperidone or paliperidone. WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Cerebrovascular Adverse Reactions: In trials of elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis  there was a significantly higher incidence of cerebrovascular adverse events (e.g.  stroke  transient ischemic attack)  including fatalities  in patients treated with oral risperidone compared to placebo. UZEDY is not approved for use in patients with dementia-related psychosis. Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome (NMS): NMS  a potentially fatal symptom complex  has been reported in association with antipsychotic drugs. Clinical manifestations of NMS are hyperpyrexia  muscle rigidity  altered mental status including delirium  and autonomic instability (irregular pulse or blood pressure  tachycardia  diaphoresis  and cardiac dysrhythmia). Additional signs may include elevated creatine phosphokinase  myoglobinuria (rhabdomyolysis)  and acute renal failure. If NMS is suspected  immediately discontinue UZEDY and provide symptomatic treatment and monitoring. Tardive Dyskinesia (TD): TD  a syndrome consisting of potentially irreversible  involuntary  dyskinetic movements  may develop in patients treated with antipsychotic drugs. Although the prevalence of the syndrome appears to be highest among the elderly  especially elderly women  it is impossible to predict which patients will develop the syndrome. Whether antipsychotic drug products differ in their potential to cause TD is unknown. The risk of developing TD and the likelihood that it will become irreversible are believed to increase with the duration of treatment and the cumulative dose. The syndrome can develop  after relatively brief treatment periods  even at low doses. It may also occur after discontinuation. TD may remit  partially or completely  if antipsychotic treatment is discontinued. Antipsychotic treatment  itself  however  may suppress (or partially suppress) the signs and symptoms of the syndrome  possibly masking the underlying process. The effect that symptomatic suppression has upon the long-term course of the syndrome is unknown. If signs and symptoms of TD appear in a patient treated with UZEDY  drug discontinuation should be considered. However  some patients may require treatment with UZEDY despite the presence of the syndrome. In patients who do require chronic treatment  use the lowest dose and the shortest duration of treatment producing a satisfactory clinical response. Periodically reassess the need for continued treatment. Metabolic Changes: Atypical antipsychotic drugs have been associated with metabolic changes that may increase cardiovascular/cerebrovascular risk. These metabolic changes include hyperglycemia  dyslipidemia  and body weight gain. While all of the drugs in the class have been shown to produce some metabolic changes  each drug has its own specific risk profile. Hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus (DM)  in some cases extreme and associated with ketoacidosis or hyperosmolar coma or death  have been reported in patients treated with atypical antipsychotics  including risperidone. Patients with an established diagnosis of DM who are started on atypical antipsychotics  including UZEDY  should be monitored regularly for worsening of glucose control. Patients with risk factors for DM (e.g.  obesity  family history of diabetes) who are starting treatment with atypical antipsychotics  including UZEDY  should undergo fasting blood glucose (FBG) testing at the beginning of treatment and periodically during treatment. Any patient treated with atypical antipsychotics  including UZEDY  should be monitored for symptoms of hyperglycemia including polydipsia  polyuria  polyphagia  and weakness. Patients who develop symptoms of hyperglycemia during treatment with atypical antipsychotics  including UZEDY  should undergo FBG testing. In some cases  hyperglycemia has resolved when the atypical antipsychotic  including risperidone  was discontinued; however  some patients required continuation of antidiabetic treatment despite discontinuation of risperidone. Dyslipidemia has been observed in patients treated with atypical antipsychotics. Weight gain has been observed with atypical antipsychotic use. Monitoring weight is recommended. Hyperprolactinemia: As with other drugs that antagonize dopamine D 2 receptors  risperidone elevates prolactin levels and the elevation persists during chronic administration. Risperidone is associated with higher levels of prolactin elevation than other antipsychotic agents. Orthostatic Hypotension and Syncope: UZEDY may induce orthostatic hypotension associated with dizziness  tachycardia  and in some patients  syncope. UZEDY should be used with particular caution in patients with known cardiovascular disease  cerebrovascular disease  and conditions which would predispose patients to hypotension and in the elderly and patients with renal or hepatic impairment. Monitoring of orthostatic vital signs should be considered in all such patients  and a dose reduction should be considered if hypotension occurs. Clinically significant hypotension has been observed with concomitant use of oral risperidone and antihypertensive medication. Falls: Antipsychotics  including UZEDY  may cause somnolence  postural hypotension  motor and sensory instability  which may lead to falls and  consequently  fractures or other fall-related injuries. Somnolence  postural hypotension  motor and sensory instability have been reported with the use of risperidone. For patients  particularly the elderly  with diseases  conditions  or medications that could exacerbate these effects  assess the risk of falls when initiating antipsychotic treatment and recurrently for patients on long-term antipsychotic therapy. Leukopenia  Neutropenia  and Agranulocytosis have been reported with antipsychotic agents  including risperidone. In patients with a pre-existing history of a clinically significant low white blood cell count (WBC) or absolute neutrophil count (ANC) or a history of drug-induced leukopenia or neutropenia  perform a complete blood count (CBC) frequently during the first few months of therapy. In such patients  consider discontinuation of UZEDY at the first sign of a clinically significant decline in WBC in the absence of other causative factors. Monitor patients with clinically significant neutropenia for fever or other symptoms or signs of infection and treat promptly if such symptoms or signs occur. Discontinue UZEDY in patients with ANC < 1000/mm3) and follow their WBC until recovery. Potential for Cognitive and Motor Impairment: UZEDY  like other antipsychotics  may cause somnolence and has the potential to impair judgement  thinking  and motor skills. Somnolence was a commonly reported adverse reaction associated with oral risperidone treatment. Caution patients about operating hazardous machinery  including motor vehicles  until they are reasonably certain that treatment with UZEDY does not affect them adversely. Seizures During premarketing studies of oral risperidone in adult patients with schizophrenia  seizures occurred in 0.3% of patients (9 out of 2 607 patients)  two in association with hyponatremia. Use UZEDY cautiously in patients with a history of seizures or other conditions that potentially lower the seizure threshold. Dysphagia: Esophageal dysmotility and aspiration have been associated with antipsychotic drug use. Antipsychotic drugs  including UZEDY  should be used cautiously in patients at risk for aspiration. Priapism has been reported during postmarketing surveillance for other risperidone products. A case of priapism was reported in premarket studies of UZEDY. Severe priapism may require surgical intervention. Body temperature regulation. Disruption of the body’s ability to reduce core body temperature has been attributed to antipsychotic agents. Both hyperthermia and hypothermia have been reported in association with oral risperidone use. Strenuous exercise  exposure to extreme heat  dehydration  and anticholinergic medications may contribute to an elevation in core body temperature; use UZEDY with caution in patients who experience these conditions. ADVERSE REACTIONS The most common adverse reactions with risperidone (≥5% and greater than placebo) were parkinsonism  akathisia  dystonia  tremor  sedation  dizziness  anxiety  blurred vision  nausea  vomiting  upper abdominal pain  stomach discomfort  dyspepsia  diarrhea  salivary hypersecretion  constipation  dry mouth  increased appetite  increased weight  fatigue  rash  nasal congestion  upper respiratory tract infection  nasopharyngitis  and pharyngolaryngeal pain. The most common injection site reactions with UZEDY (≥5% and greater than placebo) were pruritus and nodule. DRUG INTERACTIONS Carbamazepine and other strong CYP3A4 inducers decrease plasma concentrations of risperidone.Fluoxetine  paroxetine  and other strong CYP2D6 inhibitors increase risperidone plasma concentration.Due to additive pharmacologic effects  the concomitant use of centrally-acting drugs  including alcohol  may increase nervous system disorders.UZEDY may enhance the hypotensive effects of other therapeutic agents with this potential.UZEDY may antagonize the pharmacologic effects of dopamine agonists.Concomitant use with methylphenidate  when there is change in dosage of either medication  may increase the risk of extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS) USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS Pregnancy: May cause EPS and/or withdrawal symptoms in neonates with third trimester exposure. There is a pregnancy exposure registry that monitors pregnancy outcomes in women exposed to atypical antipsychotics  including UZEDY  during pregnancy. Healthcare providers are encouraged to register patients by contacting the National Pregnancy Registry for Atypical Antipsychotics at 1-866-961-2388 or online at http://womensmentalhealth.org/clinicaland-research-programs/pregnancyregistry/. Lactation: Infants exposed to risperidone through breastmilk should be monitored for excess sedation  failure to thrive  jitteriness  and EPS. Fertility: UZEDY may cause a reversible reduction in fertility in females. Pediatric Use: Safety and effectiveness of UZEDY have not been established in pediatric patients. Renal or Hepatic Impairment: Carefully titrate on oral risperidone up to at least 2 mg daily before initiating treatment with UZEDY. Patients with Parkinson’s disease or dementia with Lewy bodies can experience increased sensitivity to UZEDY. Manifestations and features are consistent with NMS. Please see the full Prescribing Information for UZEDY  including Boxed WARNING. About TevaTeva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE and TASE: TEVA) has been developing and producing medicines to improve people’s lives for more than a century. We are a global leader in generic  biosimilar and innovative medicines with a portfolio consisting of over 3 500 products in nearly every therapeutic area. Around 200 million people around the world take a Teva medicine every day  and are served by one of the largest and most complex supply chains in the pharmaceutical industry. Along with our established presence in generics  we have significant innovative research and operations supporting our growing portfolio of innovative medicines and biopharmaceutical products. Learn more at www.tevapharm.com. About MedinCellMedinCell is an innovative pharmaceutical company with a portfolio of long-acting injectable products  from development to market  in various therapeutic areas. MedinCell proprietary technology BEPO® (licensed to Teva under the name SteadyTeq) makes it possible to control the delivery of a drug at a therapeutic dose for several days  weeks or months starting from the subcutaneous or local injection of a simple deposit of a few millimeters  fully bioresorbable. MedinCell collaborate with tier one pharmaceuticals companies and foundations to improve Global Health through new therapeutic options. Based in Montpellier  MedinCell currently employs more than 140 people representing over 25 different nationalities. www.medincell.com Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  which are based on management’s current beliefs and expectations and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties  both known and unknown  that could cause our future results  performance or achievements to differ significantly from that expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “should ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “target ” “may ” “project ” “guidance ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe” and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. Important factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include risks relating to: our ability to develop and commercialize UZEDY (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension for the treatment schizophrenia;our ability to successfully compete in the marketplace  including: that we are substantially dependent on our generic products; concentration of our customer base and commercial alliances among our customers; delays in launches of new generic products; the increase in the number of competitors targeting generic opportunities and seeking U.S. market exclusivity for generic versions of significant products; our ability to develop and commercialize biopharmaceutical products; competition for our innovative medicines  including AUSTEDO ®   AJOVY ® and COPAXONE ® ; our ability to achieve expected results from investments in our product pipeline; our ability to develop and commercialize additional pharmaceutical products; and the effectiveness of our patents and other measures to protect our intellectual property rights;  AJOVY and COPAXONE ; our ability to achieve expected results from investments in our product pipeline; our ability to develop and commercialize additional pharmaceutical products; and the effectiveness of our patents and other measures to protect our intellectual property rights; our substantial indebtedness  which may limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness  engage in additional transactions or make new investments  may result in a further downgrade of our credit ratings; and our inability to raise debt or borrow funds in amounts or on terms that are favorable to us;our business and operations in general  including: the impact of global economic conditions and other macroeconomic developments and the governmental and societal responses thereto; the widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease  or any other public health crisis; effectiveness of our optimization efforts; our ability to attract  hire  integrate and retain highly skilled personnel; manufacturing or quality control problems; interruptions in our supply chain; disruptions of information technology systems; breaches of our data security; variations in intellectual property laws; challenges associated with conducting business globally  including political or economic instability  major hostilities or terrorism; costs and delays resulting from the extensive pharmaceutical regulation to which we are subject;the effects of reforms in healthcare regulation and reductions in pharmaceutical pricing  reimbursement and coverage; significant sales to a limited number of customers; our ability to successfully bid for suitable acquisition targets or licensing opportunities  or to consummate and integrate acquisitions; and our prospects and opportunities for growth if we sell assets;compliance  regulatory and litigation matters  including: failure to comply with complex legal and regulatory environments; increased legal and regulatory action in connection with public concern over the abuse of opioid medications and any delay in our ability to obtain sufficient participation of plaintiffs for the nationwide settlement of our opioid-related litigation in the United States; scrutiny from competition and pricing authorities around the world  including our ability to successfully defend against the U.S. Department of Justice criminal charges of Sherman Act violations; potential liability for intellectual property right infringement; product liability claims; failure to comply with complex Medicare and Medicaid reporting and payment obligations; compliance with anti-corruption  sanctions and trade control laws; environmental risks; and the impact of ESG issues;other financial and economic risks  including: our exposure to currency fluctuations and restrictions as well as credit risks; potential impairments of our long-lived assets; the impact of geopolitical conflicts including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine; potential significant increases in tax liabilities; and the effect on our overall effective tax rate of the termination or expiration of governmental programs or tax benefits  or of a change in our business; and other factors discussed in this press release and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022  including in the sections captioned ""Risk Factors” and “Forward Looking Statements.” Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements or other information contained herein  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. You are cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. ___________________________1 UZEDY™ (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension  for subcutaneous injection Current Prescribing Information. Parsippany  NJ. Teva Neuroscience  Inc.2 Emsley  R.  & Kilian  S. (2018). Efficacy and safety profile of paliperidone palmitate injections in the management of patients with schizophrenia: an evidence-based review. Neuropsychiatric disease and treatment  14  205–223.3 Emsley  R.  Chiliza  B.  Asmal  L. et al. (2013) The nature of relapse in schizophrenia. BMC Psychiatry 13  50.4 Andreasen  N. C.  et al. (2013). Relapse duration  treatment intensity  and brain tissue loss in schizophrenia: a prospective longitudinal MRI study. The American journal of psychiatry  170(6)  609–615.5 Patel  K. R.  Cherian  J.  Gohil  K.  & Atkinson  D. (2014). Schizophrenia: overview and treatment options. P & T: a peer-reviewed journal for formulary management  39(9)  638–645..6 Kane JM  Correll CU. Optimizing treatment choices to improve adherence and outcomes in schizophrenia. J Clin Psychiatry. 2019;80(5):IN18031AH1C. doi:10.4088/JCP.IN18031AH1C.7 “A Multicenter  Randomized  Double-Blind  Placebo-Controlled Study to Evaluate the Efficacy  Safety  and Tolerability of Risperidone Extended-Release Injectable Suspension (TV-46000) for Subcutaneous Use as Maintenance Treatment in Adult and Adolescent Patients With Schizophrenia.” ClinicalTrials.gov  U.S. National Institutes of Health  2018 (NCT03503318).8 “A Study to Evaluate the Safety  Tolerability  and Effect of Risperidone Extended-Release Injectable Suspension (TV-46000) for Subcutaneous Use as Maintenance Treatment in Adult and Adolescent Patients With Schizophrenia.” ClinicalTrials.gov  U.S. National Institutes of Health  2019 (NCT03893825).9 Data on File. Parsippany  NJ: Teva Neuroscience  Inc.10 Robinson  D.  Suett  M.  Wilhelm  A. et al. (2023). Patient and Healthcare Professional Preferences for Characteristics of Long-Acting Injectable Antipsychotic Agents for the Treatment of Schizophrenia.doi.org/10.1007/s12325-023-02455-8. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230428005614/en/© Business Wire 2023 All news about TEVA PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 04/28 Teva and MedinCell Announce FDA Approval of UZEDY™ (risperidone) Extended-Release.. BU 04/28 Teva Pharmaceuticals and MedinCell Announce FDA Approval of UZEDY (risperidone) Extende.. CI 04/28 Teva and MedinCell Announce FDA Approval of UZEDY™ (risperidone) Extended-Release.. BU 04/27 Teva to Launch New Growth Strategy at Investor Day BU 04/17 Teva to Host Conference Call to Discuss First Quarter 2023 Financial Results at 8 a.m. .. AQ 04/14 Teva to Host Conference Call to Discuss First Quarter 2023 Financial Results at 8 a.m. .. BU 04/14 Sector Update: Health Care Stocks Dropping Late Afternoon MT 04/14 Teva Shares Drop 11% After Alvotech Gets FDA Complete Response Letter DJ 04/14 Sector Update: Health Care Stocks Lower Friday Afternoon MT 04/14 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Down Over 12%  On Track for Largest Percent Decrease Sin.. DJ Analyst Recommendations on TEVA PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 02/09 Barclays Adjusts Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Price Target to $14 From $13  Maintains.. MT 01/19 Jefferies Downgrades Teva Pharmaceutical Industries to Hold From Buy  Adjusts Price Tar.. MT 2022 UBS Downgrades Teva Pharmaceutical Industries to Sell From Neutral  Adjusts Price Targe.. MT",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.11,0.39,True,English,"['Long-Acting Subcutaneous Atypical Antipsychotic Injection', 'risperidone) Extended-Release Injectable Suspension', 'FDA Approval', 'Teva', 'MedinCell', 'UZEDY™', 'Treatment', 'Schizophrenia', 'Adults', 'multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study', 'Long-Acting Subcutaneous Atypical Antipsychotic Injection', 'The Risperidone Subcutaneous Extended-Release Study', 'UZEDY (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension', '21-gauge needle Regulatory News', 'The Wholesale Acquisition Cost', 'debilitating mental health disorder', 'first subcutaneous, long-acting formulation', 'UZEDY Clinical Trial Results', 'important new treatment option', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'mental health disorders', 'The RISE study7', '2-month dosing intervals', 'up to 80% reduction', 'Therapeutic blood concentrations', 'robust biopharmaceutical pipeline', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'exciting new era', 'two-month dosing intervals', 'multiple email addresses', 'pay assistance program', 'innovative therapy options', 'U.S. affiliate', 'U.S. Food', 'first five years', 'daily oral medications', 'patient support specialists', 'subcutaneous injection', 'Teva Pharmaceutical Industries', 'novel SteadyTeq technology', 'SHINE Study', 'important treatment', 'first product', 'coming years', 'multiple relapses', 'patient assistance', 'innovative advances', 'innovative medicines', 'First name', 'oral antipsychotics', 'oral supplementation', 'Drug Administration', '6-24 hours', 'single dose', 'Richard Francis', 'multidisciplinary effort', 'neurological diseases', 'brain morphology', 'chronic, progressive', 'pivotal moment', 'Christophe Douat', 'wonderful journey', 'ideal partner', 'full potential', 'commercial stage', 'special moment', 'loading dose', 'common cause', 'Christoph Correll', 'Zucker School', 'complex disease', 'list price', 'dosage strength', 'Actual costs', 'additional rebates', 'prescription pull-through', 'pocket costs', 'insurance provider', 'coming weeks', 'treatment refractoriness', 'Maintenance Treatment', 'copolymer technology', 'steady release', 'Teva Pharmaceuticals', 'suboptimal adherence', 'treatment challenges', 'many patients', 'individual patients', 'biological risk', 'schizophrenia treatment', 'FDA Approval', 'schizophrenia relapse', 'SteadyTeq™', 'UZEDY™', 'MedinCell', 'Adults', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'syringe', 'NYSE', 'TASE', 'Euronext', 'commitment', 'people', 'President', 'CEO', 'culmination', 'market', 'milestone', 'testament', 'loss', 'function', 'changes', 'severely', 'data', 'TV46000', 'start', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'time', 'initiation', 'Treatments', 'doses', 'Lack', 'role', 'MD', 'professor', 'psychiatry', 'Hempstead', 'clinician', 'relapse1', 'barriers', 'WAC', 'discounts', 'access', 'reimbursement', 'Savings', 'eligibility', 'participation', 'efficacy']",2023-04-29,2023-04-30,marketscreener.com
24069,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEDINCELL-S-A-46472820/news/MedinCell-S-A-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-43686736/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230429,MedinCell S A : Inside Information / Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)   Teva and MedinCell Announce FDA Approval of UZEDY™ Extended-Release Injectable Suspension  a Long-Acting Subcutaneous Atypical Antipsychotic Injection  for the Treatment of Schizophrenia in Adults    This new treatment provides ad…,"Teva and MedinCell Announce FDA Approval of UZEDY™ (risperidone) Extended-Release Injectable Suspension  a Long-Acting Subcutaneous Atypical Antipsychotic Injection  for the Treatment of Schizophrenia in Adults This new treatment provides adults living with schizophrenia a long-acting formulation that offers flexible 1- and 2-month dosing intervals 1long-acting formulation that offers flexible 1- and 2-month dosing intervals In a Phase 3 clinical trial  UZEDY demonstrated up to 80% reduction in risk of schizophrenia relapse versus placebo 1UZEDY is a subcutaneous injection from a pre-filled syringe with a 21-gauge needle PARSIPPANY  N.J.  TEL AVIV & PARIS  April 28  2023 - Teva Pharmaceuticals  a U.S. affiliate of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE and TASE: TEVA)  and MedinCell (Euronext: MEDCL) announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved UZEDY (risperidone) extended- release injectable suspension for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults. UZEDY is the first subcutaneous  long-actingformulation of risperidone that utilizes SteadyTeq™  a copolymer technology proprietary to MedinCell that controls the steady release of risperidone. Therapeutic blood concentrations are reached within 6-24hours of a single dose.1 ""UZEDY embodies Teva's commitment to bringing innovative advances to patients and to providing people living with schizophrenia an important new treatment option that was designed to address certain treatment challenges and may decrease the risk of relapse "" said Richard Francis  President and CEO of Teva. ""The approval of UZEDY is a culmination of a multidisciplinary effort across Teva and MedinCell to bring this important treatment to market. This milestone is a testament to advancing our robust biopharmaceutical pipeline of innovative medicines that aim to support more people living with mental health disorders and neurological diseases in the coming years."" Approximately 80% of patients with schizophrenia experience multiple relapses over the first five years of treatment 2 most commonly due to suboptimal adherence to treatment with oral antipsychotics. Each relapse carries a biological risk of loss of function  treatment refractoriness  and changes in brain morphology.3 4 Schizophrenia is a chronic  progressive and severely debilitating mental health disorder that affects how one thinks  feels and acts.5 This approval is based on data from two Phase 3 trials evaluating UZEDY in patients with schizophrenia: TV46000-CNS-30072 (the RISE Study - The Risperidone Subcutaneous Extended-Release Study) and TV46000-CNS-30078 (the SHINE Study - A Study to Test TV-46000 for Maintenance Treatment of Schizophrenia). ""The approval of the first product formulated with our technology is a pivotal moment for MedinCell and for the many patients who will benefit "" said Christophe Douat  CEO of MedinCell. ""We are committed to UZEDY™ (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension  for subcutaneous injection Current Prescribing Information. Parsippany  NJ. Teva Neuroscience  Inc. Emsley  R.  & Kilian  S. (2018). Efficacy and safety profile of paliperidone palmitate injections in the management of patients with schizophrenia: an evidence-based review. Neuropsychiatric disease and treatment  14  205-223. Emsley  R.  Chiliza  B.  Asmal  L. et al. (2013) The nature of relapse in schizophrenia. BMC Psychiatry 13  50. Andreasen  N. C.  et al. (2013). Relapse duration  treatment intensity  and brain tissue loss in schizophrenia: a prospective longitudinal MRI study. The American journal of psychiatry  170(6)  609-615. Patel  K. R.  Cherian  J.  Gohil  K.  & Atkinson  D. (2014). Schizophrenia: overview and treatment options. P & T: a peer-reviewed journal for formulary management  39(9)  638-645.. IR Contacts Ran Meir +1 (267) 468-4475 Yael Ashman +972 (3) 914 8262 Sanjeev Sharma +1 (973) 658 2700 PR Contacts Kelley Dougherty +1 (973) 832-2810 Eden Klein +972 (3) 906 2645 MedinCell France David Heuzé (Head of +33 (0) 6 83 25 21 86 david.heuze@medincell.com Communication) +33 (0) 1 44 71 98 53 medincell@newcap.eu Louis-Victor Delouvrier +33 (0) 1 44 71 94 98 medincell@newcap.eu (NewCap - IR) Nicolas Merigeau (NewCap - Media Relations)supporting patients through innovative therapy options. It continues to be a wonderful journey with Teva  an ideal partner to harness the full potential of UZEDY. Our technology reaching commercial stage marks the start of an exciting new era for MedinCell and we are extremely proud to share this very special moment with all our employees and shareholders."" The use of novel SteadyTeq technology in UZEDY controls the release of risperidone over time. The initiation of treatment requires no loading dose or oral supplementation. Therapeutic blood concentrations are reached within 6-24 hours of a single dose.1 ""Treatments for schizophrenia are largely prescribed as daily oral medications  which can present challenges with adherence due to missed doses. Lack of adherence to treatment with oral antipsychotics is the most common cause of relapse in schizophrenia 6 so there's a role for therapies that are dosed in one- or two-month dosing intervals to help prevent relapse "" said Christoph Correll  MD  professor of psychiatry at the Zucker School of Medicine  Hempstead  NY. ""As a clinician  I am excited to now have a new treatment option that reduces the risk of relapse1 for this complex disease and helps address some of the barriers around receiving schizophrenia treatment."" The Wholesale Acquisition Cost (WAC or ""list price"") for UZEDY ranges from $1 232 to $3 080 per month depending on dosage strength. Actual costs for individual patients are anticipated to be lower than WAC because WAC does not account for additional rebates and discounts that may apply. Teva is committed to helping patients who have been prescribed UZEDY access their medication and provide patient support specialists to help with access and reimbursement  prescription pull-through and patient assistance. Savings on out-of-pocket costs may vary depending on the patient's insurance provider and eligibility for participation in the co-pay assistance program. UZEDY will be available in the U.S. in the coming weeks. UZEDY Clinical Trial Results The RISE study7 was a multicenter  randomized  double-blind placebo-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy of risperidone extended-release injectable suspension for subcutaneous use as a treatment in patients (ages 13-65 years) with schizophrenia. 544 patients were randomized to receive a subcutaneous injection of TV-46000 once monthly (q1M)  once every two months (q2M)  or placebo in a 1:1:1 ratio. The primary endpoint was time to impending relapse. The second of Teva's Phase 3 studies - SHINE8 - was designed to evaluate the use of TV-46000 subcutaneously administered q1M or q2M for up to 56 weeks in 336 patients (ages 13-65 years) with schizophrenia. The primary endpoint was the frequency of all adverse events  including serious adverse events. This study was completed in December 2021; results align with the findings of the RISE study.9 Kane JM  Correll CU. Optimizing treatment choices to improve adherence and outcomes in schizophrenia. J Clin Psychiatry. 2019;80(5):IN18031AH1C. doi:10.4088/JCP.IN18031AH1C. ""A Multicenter  Randomized  Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Study to Evaluate the Efficacy  Safety  and Tolerability of Risperidone Extended-Release Injectable Suspension (TV-46000) for Subcutaneous Use as Maintenance Treatment in Adult and Adolescent Patients With Schizophrenia."" ClinicalTrials.gov  U.S. National Institutes of Health  2018 (NCT03503318). ""A Study to Evaluate the Safety  Tolerability  and Effect of Risperidone Extended-Release Injectable Suspension (TV-46000) forSubcutaneous Use as Maintenance Treatment in Adult and Adolescent Patients With Schizophrenia."" ClinicalTrials.gov  U.S. National Institutes of Health  2019 (NCT03893825). Data on File. Parsippany  NJ: Teva Neuroscience  Inc. IR Contacts Ran Meir +1 (267) 468-4475 Yael Ashman +972 (3) 914 8262 Sanjeev Sharma +1 (973) 658 2700 PR Contacts Kelley Dougherty +1 (973) 832-2810 Eden Klein +972 (3) 906 2645 MedinCell France David Heuzé (Head of +33 (0) 6 83 25 21 86 david.heuze@medincell.com Communication) +33 (0) 1 44 71 98 53 medincell@newcap.eu Louis-Victor Delouvrier +33 (0) 1 44 71 94 98 medincell@newcap.eu (NewCap - IR) Nicolas Merigeau (NewCap - Media Relations)In a companion survey of study participants  89% of patients and 92% of healthcare providers (HCPs) rated administration of UZEDY as easy when asked how easy or difficult it was to receive or administer the medication in its current form.10 Further  70% of patients agreed UZEDY provided a better injection experience than their previous long-acting injectables (LAIs); 30% of patients agreed they had a better injection experience with their prior LAI medication.10 Moreover  given the choice between continuing to take the clinical trial medication or returning to their previous medication  90% of patients opted to use UZEDY.10 Companion survey data were collected from 63 patients  24 physicians  and 25 nurses in a prospective  cross-sectional companion survey assessing the perceptions regarding ease of use and satisfaction with UZEDY. The survey was conducted after a minimum of two experiences prescribing  administering  or receiving UZEDY. About Schizophrenia Schizophrenia is a chronic  progressive and severely debilitating mental disorder that affects how one thinks  feels and acts. Patients experience an array of symptoms  which may include delusions  hallucinations  disorganized speech or behavior and impaired cognitive ability. Approximately 1% of the world's population will develop schizophrenia in their lifetime  and 3.5 million people in the U.S. are currently diagnosed with the condition. Although schizophrenia can occur at any age  the average age of onset tends to be in the late teens to the early 20s for men  and the late 20s to early 30s for women. The long-term course of schizophrenia is marked by episodes of partial or full remission broken by relapses that often occur in the context of psychiatric emergency and require hospitalization. Approximately 80% of patients experience multiple relapses over the first five years of treatment  and each relapse carries a biological risk of loss of function  treatment refractoriness  and changes in brain morphology. Patients are often unaware of their illness and its consequences  contributing to treatment nonadherence  high discontinuation rates  and ultimately  significant direct and indirect healthcare costs from subsequent relapses and hospitalizations. About UZEDY UZEDY (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension  for subcutaneous use rather than intramuscular use  is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults. In clinical trials  UZEDY reduced the risk of relapse by up to 80%. UZEDY administers risperidone through copolymer technology under license from MedinCell that allows for absorption and sustained release in the first subcutaneous injection. UZEDY is the only long-acting  subcutaneous formulation of risperidone available in both one- and two- month dosing intervals.1 For full prescribing information  visit https://www.uzedy.com/globalassets/uzedy/prescribing-information.pdf. 10 Robinson  D.  Suett  M.  Wilhelm  A. et al. (2023). Patient and Healthcare Professional Preferences for Characteristics of Long- Acting Injectable Antipsychotic Agents for the Treatment of Schizophrenia.doi.org/10.1007/s12325-023-02455-8. IR Contacts Ran Meir +1 (267) 468-4475 Yael Ashman +972 (3) 914 8262 Sanjeev Sharma +1 (973) 658 2700 PR Contacts Kelley Dougherty +1 (973) 832-2810 Eden Klein +972 (3) 906 2645 MedinCell France David Heuzé (Head of +33 (0) 6 83 25 21 86 david.heuze@medincell.com Communication) +33 (0) 1 44 71 98 53 medincell@newcap.eu Louis-Victor Delouvrier +33 (0) 1 44 71 94 98 medincell@newcap.eu (NewCap - IR) Nicolas Merigeau (NewCap - Media Relations)INDICATION AND USAGE UZEDY (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension for subcutaneous use is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION WARNING: INCREASED MORTALITY IN ELDERLY PATIENTS WITH DEMENTIA-RELATED PSYCHOSIS Elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis treated with antipsychotic drugs are at an increased risk of death. UZEDY is not approved for use in patients with dementia-related psychosis and has not been studied in this patient population. CONTRAINDICATIONS: UZEDY is contraindicated in patients with a known hypersensitivity to risperidone  its metabolite  paliperidone  or to any of its components. Hypersensitivity reactions  including anaphylactic reactions and angioedema  have been reported in patients treated with risperidone or paliperidone. WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Cerebrovascular Adverse Reactions: In trials of elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis  there was a significantly higher incidence of cerebrovascular adverse events (e.g.  stroke  transient ischemic attack)  including fatalities  in patients treated with oral risperidone compared to placebo. UZEDY is not approved for use in patients with dementia-related psychosis. Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome (NMS): NMS  a potentially fatal symptom complex  has been reported in association with antipsychotic drugs. Clinical manifestations of NMS are hyperpyrexia  muscle rigidity  altered mental status including delirium  and autonomic instability (irregular pulse or blood pressure  tachycardia  diaphoresis  and cardiac dysrhythmia). Additional signs may include elevated creatine phosphokinase  myoglobinuria (rhabdomyolysis)  and acute renal failure. If NMS is suspected  immediately discontinue UZEDY and provide symptomatic treatment and monitoring. Tardive Dyskinesia (TD): TD  a syndrome consisting of potentially irreversible  involuntary  dyskinetic movements  may develop in patients treated with antipsychotic drugs. Although the prevalence of the syndrome appears to be highest among the elderly  especially elderly women  it is impossible to predict which patients will develop the syndrome. Whether antipsychotic drug products differ in their potential to cause TD is unknown. The risk of developing TD and the likelihood that it will become irreversible are believed to increase with the duration of treatment and the cumulative dose. The syndrome can develop  after relatively brief treatment periods  even at low doses. It may also occur after discontinuation. TD may remit  partially or completely  if antipsychotic treatment is discontinued. Antipsychotic treatment  itself  however  may suppress (or partially IR Contacts Ran Meir +1 (267) 468-4475 Yael Ashman +972 (3) 914 8262 Sanjeev Sharma +1 (973) 658 2700 PR Contacts Kelley Dougherty +1 (973) 832-2810 Eden Klein +972 (3) 906 2645 MedinCell France David Heuzé (Head of +33 (0) 6 83 25 21 86 david.heuze@medincell.com Communication) +33 (0) 1 44 71 98 53 medincell@newcap.eu Louis-Victor Delouvrier +33 (0) 1 44 71 94 98 medincell@newcap.eu (NewCap - IR) Nicolas Merigeau (NewCap - Media Relations)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.13,0.48,True,English,"['MedinCell S A', 'Other news releases', 'Information', 'Long-Acting Subcutaneous Atypical Antipsychotic Injection', 'The Risperidone Subcutaneous Extended-Release Study', 'PR Contacts Kelley Dougherty', 'debilitating mental health disorder', 'prospective longitudinal MRI study', 'risperidone) Extended-Release Injectable Suspension', 'IR Contacts Ran Meir', 'Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd', 'MedinCell France David Heuzé', 'important new treatment option', 'mental health disorders', 'The American journal', 'first subcutaneous, long-actingformulation', '2-month dosing intervals', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'up to 80% reduction', 'Therapeutic blood concentrations', 'robust biopharmaceutical pipeline', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'Current Prescribing Information', 'paliperidone palmitate injections', 'exciting new era', 'U.S. affiliate', 'U.S. Food', 'daily oral medications', 'first five years', 'innovative therapy options', 'brain tissue loss', 'novel SteadyTeq technology', 'subcutaneous injection', 'long-acting formulation', 'RISE Study', 'SHINE Study', 'important treatment', 'first product', 'coming years', 'brain morphology', 'peer-reviewed journal', 'innovative advances', 'innovative medicines', 'oral antipsychotics', 'oral supplementation', 'treatment options', '21-gauge needle', 'Drug Administration', 'single dose', 'Richard Francis', 'multidisciplinary effort', 'neurological diseases', 'multiple relapses', 'chronic, progressive', 'pivotal moment', 'Christophe Douat', 'safety profile', 'evidence-based review', 'Neuropsychiatric disease', 'N. C.', 'Yael Ashman', 'Sanjeev Sharma', 'Eden Klein', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'Media Relations', 'wonderful journey', 'ideal partner', 'full potential', 'commercial stage', 'special moment', 'loading dose', '6-24 hours', 'common cause', 'copolymer technology', 'treatment refractoriness', 'Maintenance Treatment', 'treatment intensity', 'Teva Pharmaceuticals', 'Teva Neuroscience', 'N.J.', 'steady release', 'BMC Psychiatry', 'formulary management', 'suboptimal adherence', 'biological risk', 'Relapse duration', 'treatment challenges', 'many patients', 'K. R.', 'FDA Approval', 'schizophrenia relapse', 'SteadyTeq™', 'UZEDY™', 'Adults', 'placebo', 'syringe', 'PARSIPPANY', 'AVIV', 'PARIS', 'April', 'NYSE', 'TASE', '6-24hours', 'commitment', 'people', 'President', 'CEO', 'culmination', 'market', 'milestone', 'testament', 'function', 'changes', 'severely', 'data', 'TV46000', 'NJ.', 'Emsley', 'Kilian', 'Efficacy', 'Chiliza', 'B.', 'Asmal', 'L.', 'nature', 'Andreasen', 'Patel', 'Cherian', 'Gohil', 'Atkinson', 'D.', 'overview', 'Head', 'heuze', 'Communication', 'NewCap', 'start', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'time', 'initiation', 'Treatments', 'doses', 'Lack']",2023-04-29,2023-04-30,marketscreener.com
24070,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/04/30/beautiful-pay-day-beckons-for-u2-after-sold-out-las-vegas-residency/,Beautiful pay day beckons for U2 after sold-out Las Vegas residency,DAA judicial review  stock market stamp duty loss  RTÉ funding concerns  Accenture redundancies and shareholder support for Ires Reit,U2 is set for a record pay-day of more than €100 million from its Las Vegas residency  reports the Business Post.All 297 500 tickets for the concert series sold out last week in a presale phase  with no general sale being held.The U2: UV Achtung Baby performances will take place across 17 dates in the autumn at the 17 500-capacity MSG Sphere in the city’s Venetian Hotel  with the residency format resulting in lower costs and higher profits for the band’s first live shows in four years.Tickets for the concerts start at $140 (€126)  earning the group a minimum of €2 million a night  the newspaper estimates  assuming the standard fee of 90 per cent of the face value of the tickets. It adds that the real figure is likely to be much higher once higher-priced tickets and corporate packages are taken into account  with revenue also likely to be boosted by merchandising sales and media rights.READ MOREDrummer Larry Mullen is not participating in the residency as he will be recovering from surgery.DAA judicial reviewAirport operator DAA is seeking a judicial review of Fingal’s new county development plan  reports the Sunday Independent.The operator of Dublin and Cork airports claims the plan could impose additional costs of more than €1.8 billion on the airport  impinging its future development.DAA has commenced action in the High Court claiming that two material alterations to the plan  relating to noise and the rezoning of strategic land  could impose a loss of value on the company as well as the State as its shareholder.A spokesman for the operator said the aircraft noise material alteration had been adopted by Fingal councillors against the recommendations of both Fingal’s chief executive and the Office of the Planning Regulator (OPR) and was “an arbitrary requirement to expand the noise insulation schemes”.Stamp duty lossThe exit of building materials group CRH and Paddy Power owner Flutter Entertainment from the Euronext Dublin Stock Exchange will cost the Government close to €250 million a year in lost stamp duty  according to the Sunday Times.Fears are rising over the future of Ireland’s equity markets after CRH  the largest stock on the index  said it would quit it in favour of a primary listing on the New York Stock Exchange. Flutter is expected to follow suit.Investors buying shares on Euronext Dublin pay a transaction tax of 1 per cent  compared with 0.5 per cent in London. The newspaper says it understands that executives from Euronext Dublin have asked the Government to introduce incentives to boost deal flows  including a possible reduction in the tax.RTÉ's TG4 concernsRTÉ told a consultancy process that it “assumed” that extra funding received by TG4 to launch its new children’s channel would not come at RTÉ's expense “in a scenario where there are competing demands for public funding for public service broadcasting”  reports the Sunday Independent.The broadcaster also highlighted how TG4 had received a number of tranches of extra funding in recent years while RTÉ was still short of the additional financial boost that had been previously recommended by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland.It raised this in a submission to Communications Chambers  a consultancy firm analysing plans for the new €5.6 million a year Irish language children’s channel  Cúla4  and a time-shifted channel. The submission was released to the newspaper under the Freedom of Information Act.Accenture’s Meta contractMore than a quarter of the jobs being cut at Accenture’s Dublin office are the result of Meta cancelling a contract with the global consulting firm  reports the Business Post  citing an internal company document.In March  Accenture announced that it was cutting 400 of its staff in Ireland as part of a plan to lay off 19 000 of its more than 700 000 employees worldwide over the next 18 months.The newspaper said 113 of the 404 roles being made redundant relate to an account Accenture holds with Meta  but the company has told employees that “this work is no longer being undertaken by Accenture for the client” and that the project “will no longer be in operation” as of the end of April.Ires Reit meetingTwo heavyweight shareholders in Ires Reit  Ireland’s largest private landlord  have thrown their weight behind the board of the company in advance of a critical vote at the trust’s annual meeting next week  according to the Sunday Times.The newspaper understands that US-based Fidelity Investments and Dutch giant APG Asset Management  which account for a combined 12 per cent of the register  will vote with the board at the May 4th meeting.Vision Capital  which has about 5 per cent of Ires stock  has accused the trust’s board of mismanaging the company and wants to see the trust privatised.,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Beautiful pay day beckons', 'Las Vegas residency', 'U2', 'Dutch giant APG Asset Management', 'Paddy Power owner Flutter Entertainment', 'UV Achtung Baby performances', 'aircraft noise material alteration', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Dublin Stock Exchange', 'new county development plan', 'two material alterations', '17,500-capacity MSG Sphere', 'first live shows', 'Drummer Larry Mullen', 'Two heavyweight shareholders', 'US-based Fidelity Investments', 'noise insulation schemes', 'May 4th meeting', 'additional financial boost', 'global consulting firm', 'largest private landlord', 'Las Vegas residency', 'building materials group', 'public service broadcasting', 'Ires Reit meeting', 'internal company document', 'Stamp duty loss', 'DAA judicial review', 'largest stock', 'Ires stock', 'annual meeting', 'additional costs', 'future development', 'public funding', 'Broadcasting Authority', 'consultancy firm', 'new children', 'record pay-day', 'Business Post', 'concert series', 'presale phase', 'general sale', 'Venetian Hotel', 'residency format', 'lower costs', 'higher profits', 'four years', 'standard fee', '90 per cent', 'real figure', 'corporate packages', 'merchandising sales', 'media rights', 'Sunday Independent', 'Cork airports', 'High Court', 'strategic land', 'chief executive', 'Planning Regulator', 'arbitrary requirement', 'Sunday Times', 'equity markets', 'primary listing', '1 per cent', '0.5 per cent', 'deal flows', 'possible reduction', 'consultancy process', 'extra funding', 'competing demands', 'recent years', 'Communications Chambers', 'Irish language', 'Cúla', 'Information Act', 'a quarter', 'next 18 months', 'critical vote', '12 per cent', 'Vision Capital', 'Dublin office', 'face value', 'transaction tax', 'Fingal councillors', 'TG4 concerns', 'time-shifted channel', 'priced tickets', 'Airport operator', 'Meta contract', 'new €', '297,500 tickets', 'U2', 'place', '17 dates', 'autumn', 'band', 'concerts', 'newspaper', 'account', 'revenue', 'READ', 'surgery', 'rezoning', 'State', 'spokesman', 'recommendations', 'OPR', 'exit', 'CRH', 'Government', 'Fears', 'Ireland', 'index', 'favour', 'suit', 'Investors', 'shares', 'London', 'executives', 'incentives', 'RTÉ', 'expense', 'scenario', 'broadcaster', 'number', 'tranches', 'submission', 'plans', 'Freedom', 'Accenture', 'jobs', 'result', 'March', 'staff', 'part', '700,000 employees', '404 roles', 'work', 'client', 'project', 'operation', 'April', 'board', 'advance', 'trust', 'register', '6']",2023-04-30,2023-04-30,irishtimes.com
24071,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/lure-of-us-listings-to-cost-ireland-250m-in-lost-taxes-8vn2wnl56,Lure of US listings to cost Ireland €250m in lost taxes,The exit of the two largest companies on the Dublin stock exchange — CRH  the buildings material behemoth  and Flutter  the gambling group — would cost the gov,The exit of the companies from Euronext Dublin is viewed in some quartersas a near existential threatAs CRH quits and Flutter considers moving  the future of Dublin markets is in doubtThe exit of the two largest companies on the Dublin stock exchange — CRH  the buildings material behemoth  and Flutter  the gambling group — would cost the government close to €250 million a year in lost stamp duty  according to sources.Fears over the future of Ireland’s equity markets are rising as CRH confirmed last week that it would quit Euronext Dublin in favour of a primary listing on the New York Stock Exchange.SponsoredFlutter  the owner of Betfair and Paddy Power  may follow suit after an overwhelming majority of investors backed its plan to take an American equity listing as it pursues a wider investor base. The group has not yet committed to a primary listing in the US but observers believe the move,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,mixed,0.15,0.14,0.71,True,English,"['US listings', 'Lure', 'Ireland', 'taxes', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Dublin stock exchange', 'buildings material behemoth', 'wider investor base', 'two largest companies', 'American equity listing', 'equity markets', 'primary listing', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Dublin markets', 'existential threat', 'stamp duty', 'Paddy Power', 'overwhelming majority', 'exit', 'quartersas', 'CRH', 'Flutter', 'future', 'doubt', 'group', 'government', 'sources', 'Fears', 'Ireland', 'favour', 'owner', 'Betfair', 'suit', 'investors', 'plan', 'US', 'observers', 'move']",2023-04-29,2023-04-30,thetimes.co.uk
