UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
36424,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/business/592719-eu-extends-russia-sanctions/,EU extends Russia sanctions,Brussels’ economic restrictions placed on Moscow due to the Ukraine conflict have been prolonged for another year Read Full Article at RT.com,The restrictions introduced after the start of the Ukraine conflict will be in place for another yearThe EU has extended sanctions imposed against Russia in connection with the conflict in Ukraine for another year  according to a European Council decision published on its website on Monday.The restrictions will be up for renewal again in February 2025.“As long as the Russian Federation’s illegal actions continue to violate the prohibition on the use of force  which is a serious breach of international law  it is appropriate to maintain in force all the measures currently imposed by the Union and to take additional measures  if necessary ” the document reads.Brussels has placed 12 rounds of restrictions on Russia since the start of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022 and is currently finalizing another package. The existing restrictions already target a broad range of sectors and include trade embargoes  travel bans and individual sanctions against Russian businessmen and public officials.The EU has also frozen assets belonging to the Russian central bank  an estimated €196.6 billion ($211 billion) of which are held by the Belgium-based clearinghouse Euroclear. Brussels has been working on ways to seize the income generated from these funds – nearly €4.4 billion – to support Ukraine. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen on Monday announced that the legal framework for the confiscation of the interest income is nearly ready.“We have now initiated legal steps to ensure that the interest received from these [frozen] deposits does not belong to Russia. The legal situation is such that we can use these funds for Ukraine ” she said at a press briefing. She added that implementation of the plan will be undertaken “in the coming days.”Moscow has condemned the sanctions imposed on it and has repeatedly warned that they hurt the EU more than Russia in economic terms. The Kremlin has also pledged to retaliate if any actions are taken targeting its assets held abroad  likening such a move to theft.For more stories on economy & finance visit RT's business section,neutral,0.06,0.52,0.42,negative,0.02,0.26,0.72,True,English,"['Russia sanctions', 'EU', 'President Ursula von der Leyen', 'European Council decision', 'Russian central bank', 'European Commission', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian businessmen', 'serious breach', 'international law', 'broad range', 'trade embargoes', 'travel bans', 'public officials', 'Belgium-based clearinghouse', 'legal framework', 'legal steps', 'frozen] deposits', 'legal situation', 'press briefing', 'coming days', 'economic terms', 'The Kremlin', 'business section', 'illegal actions', 'additional measures', 'individual sanctions', 'existing restrictions', 'Ukraine conflict', 'interest income', 'start', 'place', 'year', 'connection', 'website', 'Monday', 'renewal', 'February', 'prohibition', 'force', 'Union', 'document', 'Brussels', '12 rounds', 'package', 'sectors', 'assets', 'Euroclear', 'ways', 'funds', 'confiscation', 'implementation', 'plan', 'Moscow', 'move', 'theft', 'stories', 'economy', 'finance']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,rt.com
36425,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/economy/south-korea-in-talks-with-euroclear-to-boost-won-accessibility-fx-official-says-3307753,South Korea hopes currency reforms will move chunk of NDF trading to spot deliverables By Reuters,South Korea in talks with Euroclear to boost won accessibility  FX official says,"Published Feb 20  2024 01:02AM ET Updated Feb 20  2024 02:30AM ET© Reuters. A South Korea won note is seen in this illustration photo May 31  2017. REUTERS/Thomas White/IllustrationUSD/KRW +0.06% Add to/Remove from WatchlistBy Cynthia Kim and Yena ParkSEJONG (Reuters) -South Korea hopes its push to reform currency trading will drive a large share of trading volumes from the non-deliverable forwards market to its spot currency market  a senior government official said on Tuesday.The remarks made in an interview reflect the latest official thinking after historic market reforms kicked off this year to court foreign investors and get on global indexes  with steps such as longer trading hours and wider foreign participation.""There is hedging demand but also those who just want to buy the won  they are forced to go to the NDF market "" Shin Joong-beom  director general of the finance ministry's International Finance Bureau  told Reuters  referring to forex transactions.""We hope to move a big chunk of the NDF (to the spot deliverable market).""Foreign investors rely on the derivatives market known as the non-deliverable forwards to trade the won and manage their exposure to the currency offshore.The onshore market now trades from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. But from July  South Korea will extend trading hours to run from 9 a.m. to 2 a.m.  covering London business hours.The move will allow a broader range of global investors to participate in the interbank FX market.Starting this year  the government also began allowing some foreign financial institutions to participate directly in the local interbank currency market.About 20 foreign firms have applied to participate in South Korea's local interbank  said Shin  among them SSBT London  SSBT Hong Kong  HSBC Singapore  CA Paris  MUFG Tokyo and SC London.""Being able to provide the dollar/won spot exchange rate during the London fixing time is one of the very important factors for global fund investors who follow MSCI or WGBI "" Shin said  as the value of global funds is assessed daily.The reforms will positively affect South Korea's efforts to get its stocks and bonds accepted into benchmark developed market indexes  Shin added  which could draw inflows of billions of dollars into Asia's fourth largest economy.South Korea has a long-standing bid to join the World Government Bond Index  and the league of developed market countries at MSCI.Shin's team was in talks with securities settlement house Euroclear  aiming to boost foreign investors' access to the won currency  he added.The Brussels-based settlement house  which completes transactions in stocks and bonds across Europe  said in August last year it would open an omnibus account for South Korean treasury bonds.""We're of course in talks with them to address any inconveniences faced by foreign investors "" Shin said. ""If there are  we would positively review to address them.""",neutral,0.19,0.8,0.01,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['South Korea', 'currency reforms', 'NDF trading', 'chunk', 'deliverables', 'Reuters', 'securities settlement house Euroclear', 'The Brussels-based settlement house', 'dollar/won spot exchange rate', 'World Government Bond Index', 'South Korean treasury bonds', 'local interbank currency market', 'latest official thinking', 'fourth largest economy', 'spot deliverable market', 'senior government official', 'interbank FX market', 'International Finance Bureau', 'SSBT Hong Kong', 'London fixing time', 'wider foreign participation', 'foreign financial institutions', 'London business hours', 'longer trading hours', ""foreign investors' access"", 'deliverable forwards market', 'global fund investors', 'historic market reforms', 'SSBT London', 'global investors', 'derivatives market', 'onshore market', 'market indexes', 'market countries', 'finance ministry', 'SC London', '20 foreign firms', 'currency trading', 'trading volumes', 'global indexes', 'global funds', 'NDF market', 'illustration photo', 'Thomas White/Illustration', 'Cynthia Kim', 'Yena Park', 'large share', 'hedging demand', 'director general', 'big chunk', 'broader range', 'HSBC Singapore', 'CA Paris', 'MUFG Tokyo', 'important factors', 'standing bid', 'omnibus account', 'forex transactions', 'Shin Joong-beom', 'Feb', 'Reuters', 'note', 'USD/KRW', 'Watchlist', 'SEJONG', 'push', 'Tuesday', 'remarks', 'interview', 'steps', 'exposure', '9 a', 'July', '2 a', 'move', 'MSCI', 'WGBI', 'value', 'efforts', 'stocks', 'benchmark', 'inflows', 'billions', 'dollars', 'Asia', 'league', 'team', 'talks', 'Europe', 'August', 'course', 'inconveniences', '©', '3:30']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,investing.com
36426,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Interview-South-Korea-in-talks-with-Euroclear-to-boost-won-accessibility-FX-official-says-45984347/,Interview-South Korea in talks with Euroclear to boost won accessibility  FX official says,(marketscreener.com) A senior South Koreanofficial in charge of currency markets said on Tuesday his teamwas in talks with securities settlement house Euroclear  aimingto boost foreign investors' access to the won currency andeventually attract more capit…,"SEJONG  Feb 20 (Reuters) - A senior South Korean official in charge of currency markets said on Tuesday his team was in talks with securities settlement house Euroclear  aiming to boost foreign investors' access to the won currency and eventually attract more capital inflows.The Brussels-based settlement house  which completes transactions in stocks and bonds across Europe  said in August last year it would open an omnibus account for South Korean treasury bonds.""We're of course in talks with them to address any inconveniences faced by foreign investors "" Shin Joong-beom  director general of the finance ministry's International Finance Bureau  told Reuters in an interview  referring to forex deals.""If there are  we would positively review to address them "" he added.Providing accounts for Korean treasury bonds at Euroclear will enable foreign investors to trade Korean bonds on a tri-party platform  a major requirement for the bonds to be included in FTSE Russel's World Government Bond Index. (Reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,True,English,"['South Korea', 'FX official', 'talks', 'Euroclear', 'accessibility', 'The Brussels-based settlement house', 'World Government Bond Index', 'senior South Korean official', 'securities settlement house Euroclear', 'South Korean treasury bonds', 'International Finance Bureau', ""foreign investors' access"", 'Korean bonds', 'finance ministry', 'capital inflows', 'omnibus account', 'Shin Joong-beom', 'director general', 'forex deals', 'tri-party platform', 'major requirement', 'FTSE Russel', 'Cynthia Kim', 'Clarence Fernandez', 'currency markets', 'SEJONG', 'Reuters', 'charge', 'Tuesday', 'team', 'talks', 'transactions', 'stocks', 'Europe', 'August', 'course', 'inconveniences', 'interview', 'accounts', 'Editing']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36427,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.channelnewsasia.com/business/south-korea-hopes-currency-reforms-will-move-chunk-ndf-trading-spot-deliverables-4135786,South Korea hopes currency reforms will move chunk of NDF trading to spot deliverables,SEJONG :South Korea hopes its push to reform currency trading will drive a large share of trading volumes from the non-deliverable forwards market to its spot currency market  a senior government official said on Tuesday.The remarks made in an interview refle…,"SEJONG :South Korea hopes its push to reform currency trading will drive a large share of trading volumes from the non-deliverable forwards market to its spot currency market  a senior government official said on Tuesday.The remarks made in an interview reflect the latest official thinking after historic market reforms kicked off this year to court foreign investors and get on global indexes  with steps such as longer trading hours and wider foreign participation.""There is hedging demand but also those who just want to buy the won  they are forced to go to the NDF market "" Shin Joong-beom  director general of the finance ministry's International Finance Bureau  told Reuters  referring to forex transactions.""We hope to move a big chunk of the NDF (to the spot deliverable market).""Foreign investors rely on the derivatives market known as the non-deliverable forwards to trade the won and manage their exposure to the currency offshore.The onshore market now trades from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. But from July  South Korea will extend trading hours to run from 9 a.m. to 2 a.m.  covering London business hours.The move will allow a broader range of global investors to participate in the interbank FX market.Starting this year  the government also began allowing some foreign financial institutions to participate directly in the local interbank currency market.About 20 foreign firms have applied to participate in South Korea's local interbank  said Shin  among them SSBT London  SSBT Hong Kong  HSBC Singapore  CA Paris  MUFG Tokyo and SC London.""Being able to provide the dollar/won spot exchange rate during the London fixing time is one of the very important factors for global fund investors who follow MSCI or WGBI "" Shin said  as the value of global funds is assessed daily.The reforms will positively affect South Korea's efforts to get its stocks and bonds accepted into benchmark developed market indexes  Shin added  which could draw inflows of billions of dollars into Asia's fourth largest economy.South Korea has a long-standing bid to join the FTSE World Government Bond Index  and the league of developed market countries at MSCI.Shin's team was in talks with securities settlement house Euroclear  aiming to boost foreign investors' access to the won currency  he added.The Brussels-based settlement house  which completes transactions in stocks and bonds across Europe  said in August last year it would open an omnibus account for South Korean treasury bonds.""We're of course in talks with them to address any inconveniences faced by foreign investors "" Shin said. ""If there are  we would positively review to address them.""",neutral,0.34,0.65,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.86,0.04,True,English,"['South Korea', 'currency reforms', 'NDF trading', 'chunk', 'deliverables', 'FTSE World Government Bond Index', 'securities settlement house Euroclear', 'The Brussels-based settlement house', 'dollar/won spot exchange rate', 'South Korean treasury bonds', 'local interbank currency market', 'senior government official', 'latest official thinking', 'fourth largest economy', 'spot deliverable market', 'interbank FX market', 'International Finance Bureau', 'SSBT Hong Kong', 'London fixing time', 'wider foreign participation', 'foreign financial institutions', 'spot currency market', 'London business hours', 'longer trading hours', 'deliverable forwards market', ""foreign investors' access"", 'historic market reforms', 'global fund investors', 'SSBT London', 'derivatives market', 'onshore market', 'market indexes', 'market countries', 'global investors', 'finance ministry', 'SC London', 'currency trading', '20 foreign firms', 'trading volumes', 'global indexes', 'global funds', 'NDF market', 'large share', 'hedging demand', 'director general', 'big chunk', 'broader range', 'HSBC Singapore', 'CA Paris', 'MUFG Tokyo', 'important factors', 'standing bid', 'omnibus account', 'forex transactions', 'Shin Joong-beom', 'SEJONG', 'push', 'Tuesday', 'remarks', 'interview', 'steps', 'Reuters', 'exposure', '9 a', 'July', '2 a', 'move', 'MSCI', 'WGBI', 'value', 'efforts', 'stocks', 'benchmark', 'inflows', 'billions', 'dollars', 'Asia', 'league', 'team', 'talks', 'Europe', 'August', 'course', 'inconveniences', '3:30']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,channelnewsasia.com
36428,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/SOUTH-KOREA-FX-OFFICIAL-IN-TALKS-WITH-SECURITIES-SETTLEMENT-HOU--45984348/,South Korea Fx Official: In Talks With Securities Settlement Hou… -February 20  2024 at 01:00 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  SOUTH KOREA FX OFFICIAL: IN TALKS WITH SECURITIES SETTLEMENT HOUSE EUROCLEAR TO ADDRESS ANY ISSUES IN INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/index/TOPIX-INDEX-61714390/news/SOUTH-KOREA-FX-OFFICIAL-IN-TALKS-WITH-SECU…,(marketscreener.com)  SOUTH KOREA FX OFFICIAL: IN TALKS WITH SECURITIES SETTLEMENT HOUSE EUROCLEAR TO ADDRESS ANY ISSUES IN INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/index/TOPIX-INDEX-61714390/news/SOUTH-KOREA-FX-OFFICIAL-IN-TALKS-WITH-SECU…,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['South Korea Fx Official', 'Securities Settlement Hou', 'Talks', 'February', '01:00', 'SOUTH KOREA FX OFFICIAL', 'INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES', 'marketscreener', 'TALKS', 'SECURITIES', 'HOUSE', 'EUROCLEAR', 'ISSUES', 'TOPIX-INDEX', 'news', 'SOUTH-KOREA-FX-OFFICIAL']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36429,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/20/2832126/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-Number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-January-31-2024.html,BUREAU VERITAS - Number of shares and voting rights as of January 31  2024,REGULATED INFORMATION  Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 20  2024  Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulated by article 223-16...,REGULATED INFORMATIONNeuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 20  2024Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulatedby article 223-16 of the general regulations of theFrench financial markets authority AMFIssuer: Bureau VeritasDate Number of shares(1) Number of voting rights 31/01/2024 453 871 520 Theoretical number of voting rights: 624 105 679Number of exercisable voting rights: 623 894 931(1) including the new shares issued in Euroclear as a result of the exercise of stock options since January 1  2024  if any.Bureau Veritas Head Office Tel: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 00 Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 01 (Limited liability corporation) 40/52 boulevard du Parc www.bureauveritas.com Share capital of EUR 54 464 582.40 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine RCS Nanterre 775 690 621 FranceAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['BUREAU VERITAS', 'voting rights', 'Number', 'shares', 'January', 'Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax', 'French financial markets authority', '40/52 boulevard du Parc', 'Bureau Veritas Head Office', 'Limited liability corporation', 'Seine RCS Nanterre', 'exercisable voting rights', 'general regulations', 'AMF Issuer', 'stock options', 'Share capital', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'France Attachment', 'Date Number', 'Theoretical number', 'new shares', 'February', 'article', 'Euroclear', 'result', 'exercise', 'January', 'bureauveritas', 'Neuilly', '33', '1']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,globenewswire.com
36430,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/currency/INDIAN-RUPEE-US-DOLLAR-IN-2373570/news/South-Korea-hopes-currency-reforms-will-move-chunk-of-NDF-trading-to-spot-deliverables-45985137/,South Korea hopes currency reforms will move chunk of NDF trading to spot deliverables,(marketscreener.com) South Korea hopes its push toreform currency trading will drive a large share of tradingvolumes from the non-deliverable forwards market to its spotcurrency market  a senior government official said on Tuesday. The remarks made in an …,"SEJONG  Feb 20 (Reuters) - South Korea hopes its push to reform currency trading will drive a large share of trading volumes from the non-deliverable forwards market to its spot currency market  a senior government official said on Tuesday.The remarks made in an interview reflect the latest official thinking after historic market reforms kicked off this year to court foreign investors and get on global indexes  with steps such as longer trading hours and wider foreign participation.""There is hedging demand but also those who just want to buy the won  they are forced to go to the NDF market "" Shin Joong-beom  director general of the finance ministry's International Finance Bureau  told Reuters  referring to forex transactions.""We hope to move a big chunk of the NDF (to the spot deliverable market).""Foreign investors rely on the derivatives market known as the non-deliverable forwards to trade the won and manage their exposure to the currency offshore.The onshore market now trades from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. But from July  South Korea will extend trading hours to run from 9 a.m. to 2 a.m.  covering London business hours.The move will allow a broader range of global investors to participate in the interbank FX market.Starting this year  the government also began allowing some foreign financial institutions to participate directly in the local interbank currency market.About 20 foreign firms have applied to participate in South Korea's local interbank  said Shin  among them SSBT London  SSBT Hong Kong  HSBC Singapore  CA Paris  MUFG Tokyo and SC London.""Being able to provide the dollar/won spot exchange rate during the London fixing time is one of the very important factors for global fund investors who follow MSCI or WGBI "" Shin said  as the value of global funds is assessed daily.The reforms will positively affect South Korea's efforts to get its stocks and bonds accepted into benchmark developed market indexes  Shin added  which could draw inflows of billions of dollars into Asia's fourth largest economy.South Korea has a long-standing bid to join the FTSE World Government Bond Index  and the league of developed market countries at MSCI.Shin's team was in talks with securities settlement house Euroclear  aiming to boost foreign investors' access to the won currency  he added.The Brussels-based settlement house  which completes transactions in stocks and bonds across Europe  said in August last year it would open an omnibus account for South Korean treasury bonds.""We're of course in talks with them to address any inconveniences faced by foreign investors "" Shin said. ""If there are  we would positively review to address them."" (Reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)",neutral,0.34,0.65,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.87,0.06,True,English,"['South Korea', 'currency reforms', 'NDF trading', 'chunk', 'deliverables', 'FTSE World Government Bond Index', 'securities settlement house Euroclear', 'The Brussels-based settlement house', 'dollar/won spot exchange rate', 'South Korean treasury bonds', 'local interbank currency market', 'senior government official', 'latest official thinking', 'fourth largest economy', 'spot deliverable market', 'interbank FX market', 'International Finance Bureau', 'SSBT Hong Kong', 'London fixing time', 'wider foreign participation', 'foreign financial institutions', 'spot currency market', 'London business hours', 'longer trading hours', 'deliverable forwards market', ""foreign investors' access"", 'historic market reforms', 'global fund investors', 'SSBT London', 'derivatives market', 'onshore market', 'market indexes', 'market countries', 'global investors', 'finance ministry', 'SC London', 'currency trading', '20 foreign firms', 'trading volumes', 'global indexes', 'global funds', 'NDF market', 'large share', 'director general', 'big chunk', 'broader range', 'HSBC Singapore', 'CA Paris', 'MUFG Tokyo', 'important factors', 'standing bid', 'omnibus account', 'Cynthia Kim', 'Clarence Fernandez', 'forex transactions', 'Shin Joong-beom', 'SEJONG', 'Reuters', 'push', 'Tuesday', 'remarks', 'interview', 'steps', 'demand', 'exposure', '9 a', 'July', '2 a', 'move', 'MSCI', 'WGBI', 'value', 'efforts', 'stocks', 'benchmark', 'inflows', 'billions', 'dollars', 'Asia', 'league', 'team', 'talks', 'Europe', 'August', 'course', 'inconveniences', 'Editing', '3:30']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36431,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2024-of-essity-aktiebolag-publ-302066420.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2024 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ),"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  21 March 2024 at 2 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nil…","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  21 March 2024 at 2 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm (registration from 1 p.m.).The shareholders also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by voting in advance (so-called postal voting) ahead of the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may thereby choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting 2024 by attending in person  through a proxy or by advance voting as instructed below.A. Right to participate at the MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must• be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Wednesday  13 March 2024; and• give notice of its intention to participate in the Meeting in accordance with the instructions set out in section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy"" no later than Friday  15 March 2024  or by submitting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under section ""C. Advance voting"" no later than Friday  15 March 2024.For shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Wednesday  13 March 2024. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than Friday  15 March 2024  will be considered in the presentation of the share register.B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxyA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice to the company as instructed below:– by telephone +46 8 402 90 80  weekdays between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. – on the company website www.essity.com – by mail to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or– by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.comName  personal identity number/corporate registration number  address and telephone number  and number of accompanying persons (no more than two)  if any  should be stated when notification is given. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a written and dated proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate and other authorization documents should be sent to the company at the address stated above well in advance of the Meeting and no later than Friday  15 March 2024.C. Advance votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must however give notice in accordance with the instructions under section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation only through advance voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue.A special form must be used for the advance vote. The form is available on Essity's website  www.essity.com. Submission of the form in accordance with the instructions set out below is considered as notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  15 March 2024. The completed form may be sent to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically. Electronic submission can be made either through verification with BankID in accordance with instructions at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by sending the completed form by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Electronic submission must be made no later than Friday  15 March 2024.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the advance vote. If so  the entire advance vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the advance voting form.Shareholders submitting their advance vote by proxy must issue a written and dated proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder  which must be enclosed with the advance voting form. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories shall be appended to the advance voting form.Proposed agenda1. Election of Chair of the Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Election of two persons to check the minutes.4. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened.5. Approval of the agenda.6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration for the senior management have been complied with.7. Speeches by the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the President and the auditor in charge.8. Resolutions ona. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriations of the company's earnings under the adopted balance sheet and record date for dividend; andc. discharge from personal liability of the Board of Directors and the President for 2023.9. Resolution on the number of directors and deputy directors.10. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors.11. Resolution on remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditor.12. Election of directors and deputy directors.Re-election ofa. Ewa Björlingb. Maria Carellc. Annemarie Gardshold. Magnus Grothe. Jan Guranderf. Torbjörn Lööfg. Bert Nordbergh. Barbara Milian ThoralfssonNew election ofi. Karl Åberg13. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors.14. Election of auditors and deputy auditors.15. Resolution on approval of the Board's report on remuneration for the senior management.16. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration of senior executives.17. Resolution on cash-based incentive program.18. Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve ona. acquisition of own shares; andb. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions etc.Proposal for resolution under Item 1The Nomination Committee proposes attorney-at-law Eva Hägg as Chair of the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Essity  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue and received advance votes.Proposal for resolution under Item 8.bThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the financial year 2023 of SEK 7.75 per share. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Monday  25 March 2024. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday  28 March 2024.Proposals for resolutions under Items 9–14The Nomination Committee proposes the following:• The number of directors shall be nine with no deputy director.• The number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditor.• The remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 910 000 (875 000) and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 730 000 (2 625 000). Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 135 000 (130 000)  while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 160 000 (155 000). Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 320 000 (300 000)  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 450 000 (425 000). Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 310 000 (300 000)  while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 435 000 (425 000). Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.• Re-election of the directors Ewa Björling  Maria Carell  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth  Jan Gurander  Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg and Barbara Milian Thoralfsson and new election of Karl Åberg. Pär Boman has declined re-election.Karl Åberg (born 1979) is deputy CEO  head of investments and of the finance function at AB Industrivärden (since 2017). He is a Swedish citizen. Karl Åberg has experience from leading positions in the financial sector  including as partner at Zeres Capital and as partner at CapMan Public Markets. He has previously also worked at Handelsbanken Capital Markets. He currently has board assignments in two listed companies  SCA and Alleima  but has declined re-election in SCA  and has served as chairman of the audit committee in Alleima and member of the audit committee of SCA. Karl Åberg has a M.Sc. in Business Administration from Stockholm School of Economics.• New election of Jan Gurander as Chairman of the Board of Directors.• Re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2025. If elected  Ernst & Young AB has announced its appointment of Erik Sandström as auditor in charge.Proposal for resolution under Item 16The most recent guidelines adopted by the General Meeting can be found in Note C2 on pages 137–138 of Essity's Annual Report 2023. The company's application of the guidelines can be found in the remuneration report for 2023 on pages 185–186 and in Note C2 of the Annual Report 2023. The Board of Directors has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting 2024 the following guidelines for remuneration of senior executives:""These guidelines shall govern remuneration to directors  the President  Executive Vice President and other members of the executive team (below referred to as ""senior executives""). The guidelines do not apply to remuneration decided upon by the General Meeting.Remuneration principlesSuccessful implementation of the company's business strategy and the fostering of the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  require that the company is able  through competitive remuneration on market terms  to recruit  incentivize and retain skilled employees. The total remuneration package must therefore be on market terms and competitive on the executive's field of profession  and must be related to the executive's responsibilities  powers and performance. The remuneration may comprise fixed salary  short- and long-term variable remuneration  other benefits and pension. The company's business strategy is described in the Annual Report.Variable remunerationVariable remuneration shall be based on results relative to established short- and long-term targets for Essity's incentive programs  which shall contribute to the fulfilment of the objectives established by the company or to the performance of the company's share. Remuneration shall be aimed at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability. Furthermore  variable remuneration shall be paid as cash remuneration and shall not be included in the basis for pension computation. The short-term element shall not exceed 100 percent of the fixed annual salary and the long-term element shall not exceed 100 percent of the fixed annual salary. The maximum variable remuneration level shall be determined per individual  taking into account the total remuneration in relation to the specific role  the local market  the terms of employment or the individual performance.Short-term performance targets shall include either organic growth  product development  earnings  cash flow  capital efficiency  sustainability  return or individual targets  or a combination thereof. Long-term performance targets shall include either sustainability  total shareholder return (TSR)  or a combination thereof  and – in order to create a long-term perspective – be combined with requirements for senior executives to use the compensation net of tax to invest in the Essity share with a minimum holding period of three years.The company shall have the possibility to withhold payment of variable remuneration where necessary and possible according to law  provided there are special reasons for so doing and such a measure is necessary to meet the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability. Furthermore  the company shall have the possibility provided by applicable law to demand repayment of any variable remuneration paid based on erroneous grounds.Pension and other benefitsPension benefits shall be defined contribution  and the annual premium shall not exceed 40 percent of the fixed annual salary.Other  lesser benefits may include medical insurance  company car  fitness allowance as well as membership and service fees  training/education and other support.A notice of termination period of not more than two years shall apply upon termination of the employment relationship where the termination is initiated by the company  and of not more than one year where the termination is initiated by the executive. There shall be no severance pay.Decision-making process and reportingMatters relating to remuneration to senior executives shall be addressed by the Board's Remuneration Committee and  with respect to the President  decided upon by the Board. The duties of the Remuneration Committee shall also include preparing Board decisions regarding proposals for guidelines for remuneration to senior executives  performing oversight as well as monitoring and assessing the application thereof. When the Board or the Remuneration Committee addresses and decides on remuneration-related matters  senior executives may not be present insofar as the matter relates to them. With respect to the calculation of variable remuneration  an audit certificate must be obtained before any decision is taken regarding payment. In the preparation of the remuneration guidelines  consideration has been given to salary and employment conditions for the company's other employees  such as information regarding total remuneration  components of the remuneration as well as the increase in remuneration and the rate of increase over time  and the company's equality of opportunity policy.The Board shall prepare a remuneration report.Application of and deviation from the guidelinesThe Board may decide to temporarily deviate from the guidelines  wholly or in part  if there are special reasons for doing so in an individual case and deviation is necessary to satisfy the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability. The duties of the Remuneration Committee include preparing Board decisions on remuneration issues  including decisions regarding deviations from the guidelines. With respect to employment relationships governed by rules other than Swedish rules  appropriate adjustments may take place with respect to pension benefits and other benefits to ensure compliance with such rules or local practice  whereupon the overarching purpose of these guidelines shall be attained as far as possible.The guidelines shall not take precedence over mandatory terms of employment law legislation or collective agreements. Nor shall they apply to already executed agreements.Description of significant changes compared to previous guidelinesThe changes are only editorial and are proposed for clarification purposes. These guidelines shall apply from the Annual General Meeting 2024 until further notice.""Information on the company's costs for remuneration of senior executives can be found in Note C2 on pages 138–139 of the Annual Report 2023.Proposal for resolution under Item 17The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2024 resolves to approve a cash-based incentive program which is directed to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in Essity (the ""Program"") as follows. In order to encourage a common interest for the participants and the shareholders of long-term good return and the company's ability to recruit and retain key employees  the Board of Directors considers that the company shall have cash-based incentive programs. Such programs should be approved annually and have performance conditions related to (i) the relative value development of Essity's class B share  and (ii) reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The Board of Directors also considers that there should be a requirement for the participants' own investment in Essity shares and that such shares should be held for a period of at least three years. The Program is exclusively cash-based and will therefore not result in any dilution of the number of shares outstanding.Essity has for a number of years resolved on similar cash-based programs. The programs are described in the company's Annual Reports and in the remuneration reports presented to the Annual General Meeting for approval. The Board of Directors' assessment is that these programs have worked very well.Against this background  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2024 resolves on a cash-based incentive program  as further described below.Principal terms and conditions of the ProgramThe proposed Program for 2024–2026 shall be based on the following principal terms and conditions.(a) The Program is proposed to be open to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in the Essity group  a total of approximately 390 persons (the ""Participants"").(b) The Participants shall have the opportunity  depending on satisfaction of certain performance conditions in accordance with paragraph (c) below  to obtain a cash remuneration (the ""Cash Remuneration"") after the end of a measurement period which covers the years 2024–2026 (the ""Measurement Period""). The Cash Remuneration for each Participant may not exceed a certain percentage of the Participant's fixed annual cash salary (gross) for 2026  as follows: (i) for the President  a maximum of 50 percent  (ii) for other members of the senior management  a maximum of 80 percent and (iii) for other Participants  a maximum of 50 percent. The maximum variable remuneration level shall be determined per individual  taking into account the total remuneration in relation to the specific role  the local market  the terms of employment or the individual performance.(c) Payment of the Cash Remuneration shall depend on the degree of satisfaction of the following performance conditions for the Program under the Measurement Period:(i) A financial target consisting of the total shareholder return (""TSR"") on the company's class B share under the Measurement Period in relation to a benchmark group of other companies (the ""TSR Condition"").[1] The benchmark group shall to 60 percent consist of companies which are comparable with the operations in the company's business area Consumer Goods and to 20 percent each consist of companies that are comparable with the operations in the business area Health & Medical and Professional Hygiene  respectively.[2]A condition for payment is that the TSR of Essity's class B share is not lower than the weighted TSR outcome for the benchmark group under the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Minimum Level""). If the TSR Minimum Level is not reached  no payment of Cash Remuneration related to the TSR Condition will be made. For maximum payment (100 percent)  it is required that the TSR of Essity's class B share exceeds the weighted TSR outcome for the Benchmark Group with at least 5 percentage points during the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Maximum Level""). Should the TSR of Essity's class B share be between the TSR Minimum Level and the TSR Maximum Level during the Measurement Period  a linear payment will be made.(ii) A sustainability target related to the company's reduction of actual greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period (the ""Sustainability Condition""). The Sustainability Condition is connected to the target adopted by the company to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 35 percent by 2030 compared to the base year 2016 (which means an average reduction of 2.5 percent per year).[3]A condition for payment of Cash Remuneration related to the Sustainability Condition is that the company reduces greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period by at least 7.5 percent on a linear basis compared to the base year 2016 (the ""Sustainability Target""). If the Sustainability Target is reached  full payment of Cash Remuneration relating to the Sustainability Condition will be made. If the Sustainability Target is not reached  no payment relating to this target will be made.[4](iii) The TSR Condition will be weighted 80 percent and the Sustainability Condition 20 percent  when payment of the Cash Remuneration is decided.(d) Cash Remuneration will normally be paid only after the expiration of the Measurement Period.(e) Participants shall normally be invited to the Program during the first year of the Program. A prerequisite for a Participant to be able to receive full Cash Remuneration  is that the Participant has been permanently employed withing the Essity group throughout the Measurement Period. If a Participant has commenced its employment within the Essity group during the Measurement Period  the payment of Cash Remuneration shall be made pro rata.(f) Each Participant shall undertake  for as long as the Participant is employed within the Essity group  to acquire Essity shares for (i) the total paid net amount of the Cash Remuneration regarding senior management  and (ii) at least half the total paid net amount regarding other Participants  no later than 30 June 2027 (or as soon as possible thereafter if the Participant has been prevented from acquiring Essity shares at such time due to applicable insider rules)  and to retain such shares for a period of at least three years after the acquisition  with certain exemptions approved by the Board of Directors. If a Participant does not acquire or retain Essity shares in accordance with the above  the Participant's right to payment under future incentive programs to which the Participant has been invited to participate  shall lapse.(g) If extraordinary changes in the Essity group or in the market occur which  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  would result in a situation where the conditions for Cash Remuneration under the Program become unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Program  including  among other things  be entitled to resolve on a reduced right to Cash Remuneration  or that no Cash Remuneration shall be paid at all.(h) The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish the detailed terms and conditions for the Program. The Board of Directors may  in that regard  make necessary adjustments of these general terms and conditions due to changed circumstances or to satisfy certain regulations or market conditions outside Sweden.(i) Participation in the Program presupposes that such participation is legally possible in the various jurisdictions concerned.Measurement Period and vesting periodThe Measurement Period for the performance conditions under the proposed Program will cover the financial years 2024–2026. The intention of the Board of Directors is that also future programs shall have a measurement period of three years. In order to receive full Cash Remuneration  employment within the Essity group throughout the vesting period is required. Further  the vesting period  which is three years  shall be combined with a requirement that the Participant must undertake to acquire and hold Essity shares for at least a three-year period after the acquisition  in accordance with above. Required long-term nature of the Program is achieved by the above stated requirements which totals six years.Costs for the Program  dilution  etc.The cost for the Program  including social security charges  covering approximately 390 employees  amounts to a maximum of SEK 280 million assuming full satisfaction of both of the performance conditions for all Participants in the Program. Thus  the cost of the Program amounts to approximately 1.4 percent of Essity's total cost for salaries and remuneration  including social security charges for the financial year 2023.The Program is cash-based and does not entail any dilution in the number of shares outstanding for the company's shareholders. No hedging arrangements are intended to be made with regard to the Program's financial exposure.Preparations of the proposalThe proposed Program has been prepared by Essity's Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee has presented documentation to the Board of Directors  whereafter the Board of Directors has resolved that the Program shall be referred to the Annual General Meeting 2024 for approval.Majority requirementsThe Annual General Meeting's resolution on approval of the Program requires a simple majority of the votes cast.Other incentive programs in EssityThe company's other incentive programs are described in more detail in Essity's report on remuneration for 2023  which is included in the company's Annual Report 2023 and is available on the company's website  www.essity.com.Proposal for resolution under Item 18The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it would be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the capital structure and to be able to acquire own shares to be used as payment or financing on account of acquisitions of companies or businesses  and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. Hence  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of own class B shares on the following main terms and conditions.a. Acquisition of own sharesAcquisition of class B shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the at each time prevailing price interval for the share on the marketplace  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. The authorization may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2025. A maximum number of class B shares may be acquired such that Essity's holding at each time does not exceed 10 percent of the total number of outstanding shares in Essity.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.b. Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions etc.Transfer of class B shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  as well as outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind or set-off rights. The shares may be used as payment for acquisitions of companies or businesses or to finance acquisitions of companies or businesses. Transfer may be made of the maximum number of shares held by Essity at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution. The authorization may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2025. Transfers made outside of Nasdaq Stockholm may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision of transfer. Transfers made on Nasdaq Stockholm may be made at a price within the each time prevailing price interval of the share.The purpose of the proposed authorizations is to be able to adapt the company's capital structure and to be able to use repurchased shares as payment or financing on account of potential acquisitions of companies or businesses  and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value.Majority requirementsThe Meeting's resolutions under Item 18 require the support of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting.The Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2024 is composed of Helena Stjernholm  AB Industrivärden  the Chair of the Nomination Committee  Anders Oscarsson  AMF and AMF Fonder  Amy Wilson  Norges Bank Investment Management  Marianne Nilsson  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Pär Boman  Chairman of the Board of Essity.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 702 342 489 shares  of which 60 970 043 are class A shares and 641 372 446 are class B shares  representing a total of 1 251 072 876 votes. The class A share carries ten votes  and the class B share carries one vote. No shares are held by Essity. The information pertains to the circumstances as per the time of issuing this notice.Additional informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report  the Board of Directors' complete proposals including the Board of Directors' statements pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the senior management  will be available at the company and on the company's website  www.essity.com  no later than Thursday  29 February 2024. Information about the proposed board members and the proposed auditor  the Nomination Committee's statement  proxy forms  and forms for advance voting are available on the company's website  www.essity.com. The documents will be distributed free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address and will be available at the Meeting.The Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  at the Meeting provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and regarding circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in February 2024Essity Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of Directors[1] The calculation of TSR is done as follows. The volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2023 is compared with the volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2026  including dividend and other return.[2] When implementing the Program  the benchmark group comprises of the following companies. For Consumer Goods: Procter & Gamble  Kimberly-Clark  Unicharm and Ontex. For Health & Medical: Smith & Nephew  Convatec and Hartman. For Professional Hygiene: Kimberly-Clark  Cascades and Metsä. Each company has the same significance within the respective business area. The benchmark group can be adjusted according to the Board of Directors' decision if the Board of Directors deems it appropriate.[3] The company's overall target is adopted in accordance with Science Based Targets (SBTi) in Scope 1 and 2. For more information about SBTi and the company's target  see Essity's Annual Report 2023  and www.essity.com/sustainability/why-we-do-it/science-based-targets/.[4] The assessment shall be made on the basis of the actual greenhouse gas emissions within the specified classes during the Measurement Period  taking into account acquisitions or divestments made.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 73 313 30 55  per.lorentz@essity.comSandra Åberg  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 70 564 96 89  sandra.aberg@essity.comThe following files are available for download:",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'equivalent authorization document', 'other authorization documents', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'C. Advance voting', 'voting rights registration', 'entire advance vote', 'postal voting', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'record date', 'accompanying persons', 'issue date', 'longer period', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'one (1) year', 'authorized signatories', 'telephone number', 'other nominee', 'Electronic submission', 'special form', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'completed form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Proxy forms', 'company website', 'B. Notice', 'Feb.', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'March', 'opportunity', 'A.', 'presentation', 'Wednesday', 'intention', 'section', 'participation', 'Friday', 'accordance', 'shares', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 're-registration', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'weekdays', '9 a', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'address', 'notification', 'written', 'dated', 'representative', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'publ', 'verification', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'conditions', '2', '4']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,prnewswire.co.uk
36432,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AB-SKF-120788696/news/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-45985201/,Notice of Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held at Radisson Blu Scandinavia Hotel  Södra Hamngatan 59  Gothenburg  Sweden  at 14.00 on Tuesday  26…,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held at Radisson Blu Scandinavia Hotel  Södra Hamngatan 59  Gothenburg  Sweden  at 14.00 on Tuesday  26 March 2024. The doors are open from 13.00. Light refreshments will be served prior to the Annual General Meeting between 13.00 and 14.00.A summary of the President's address will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  after the Annual General Meeting.Preconditions for participationA. Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday  18 March 2024   and  and must notify its intention to participate by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Postal voting"" below so that the postal voting is received by the company through Computershare AB no later than Wednesday  20 March 2024 .B. Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy in the meeting room mustbe recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday  18 March 2024   and  and must notify its intention to participate to the company at the latest Wednesday  20 March 2024 via the company's website www.skf.com   or by phone +46 31 337 25 50 (weekdays between 09.00 and 16.00)  or via e-mail to proxy@computershare.se (use ""AGM 2024 of AB SKF"" as subject)  or by letter to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2024 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden .When notifying the company  preferably in writing  include details of name  address  telephone number  registered shareholding and number of advisors  if any.To be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the shareholder's register as per Monday  18 March 2024. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than Wednesday 20 March 2024 are taken into account when preparing the shareholder's register.Participation in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend in person in the meeting room  in person or by proxy  must notify its intention in accordance with B) above. This means that notice by postal voting only is not enough for anyone who wishes to attend in the meeting room.Where representation is being made by proxy  the proxy form shall be sent to the company to the above address or by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se before the Annual General Meeting. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed.Postal votingA special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website  www.skf.com.The completed and signed voting form must be received by SKF through Computershare AB no later than Wednesday  20 March 2024. Shareholders may cast their postal votes electronically through Swedish BankID verification via SKF's website www.skf.com. The form may also be submitted by post to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2024 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm or via e-mail to proxy@computershare.se. Shareholders who are represented by a proxy holder shall submit a proxy form enclosed to the voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form.Shareholders are not permitted to add special instructions or conditions to their postal votes. If this is done  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found on the postal voting form.For questions about the meeting or to have the postal voting form sent by post  please contact Computershare AB on telephone +46 31-337 25 50.Agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting2. Election of a Chair for the Annual General Meeting3. Drawing up and approval of the voting list4. Approval of agenda5. Election of persons to verify the minutes6. Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of annual report and audit report as well as consolidated accounts and audit report for the Group8. Address by the President9. Matter of adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for the Group10. Resolution regarding distribution of profits and record date11. Matter of discharge of the Board members and the President from liability12. Determination of number of Board members and deputy members13. Determination of remuneration to the Board members14. Election of Board members and deputy Board membersThe Nomination Committee's proposal for Board members:14.1 Hans Stråberg14.2 Hock Goh14.3 Geert Follens14.4 Håkan Buskhe14.5 Susanna Schneeberger14.6 Rickard Gustafson14.7 Beth Ferreira14.8 Therese Friberg14.9 Richard Nilsson14.10 Niko Pakalén15. Election of Chair of the Board of Directors16. Presentation and approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration report17. The Board of Directors' proposal for a resolution on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024Proposal under item 10The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.50 per share. It is proposed that shareholders with holdings recorded on Thursday  28 March 2024 be entitled to receive the proposed dividend. Subject to resolution by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with this proposal  it is expected that Euroclear will distribute the dividend on Thursday 4 April 2024.Proposals under items 2  12  13  14 and 15The Nomination Committee formed according to a resolution of the Annual General Meeting 2020 to represent all shareholders of the company consists of  besides the Chair of the Board of Directors  members elected by FAM  Cevian Capital  AFA Försäkring and Skandia  shareholders who together represent around 40% of the total number of votes in the company. The Nomination Committee proposes the following:Item 2 - that Erik Sjöman is elected Chair of the Annual General Meeting;Item 12 - that the Board of Directors shall consist of ten members and no deputy members;Item 13 - that the Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting and not employed by the company  for the period up to the end of the next Annual General Meeting  receive a fee according to the following:a) An allotment of SEK 2 750 000 to the Chair of the Board of Directors  SEK 1 375 000 to the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors and SEK 900 000 to each of the other Board members; andb) an allotment of SEK 350 000 to the Chair of the Audit Committee  with SEK 250 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  with SEK 200 000 to the Chair of the Remuneration Committee  with SEK 150 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee  with SEK 200 000 to the Chair of the Sustainability and Ethics Committee and with SEK 150 000 to each of the other members of the Sustainability and Ethics Committee;Item 14 - that Hans Stråberg  Hock Goh  Geert Follens   Håkan Buskhe  Susanna Schneeberger   Rickard Gustafson   Beth Ferreira   Therese Friberg   Richard Nilsson and Niko Pakalén are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.  Håkan Buskhe          and Niko Pakalén are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. Item 15 - that Hans Stråberg is re-elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.A presentation of the proposed Board can be found at the company's website www.skf.com.Proposal under item 16The Board of Directors has prepared a Remuneration report which is presented and proposed to be approved by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the company's website  www.skf.com.Proposal under item 17The main contents of the Board of Directors' proposal are stated below. The complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com.At the Annual General Meeting in 2008 the SKF Group introduced a long-term performance share programme for senior managers and key employees. Since then  the Annual General Meeting has resolved each year upon a performance share programme.The Board proposes - in order to continue to link the long-term interests of the participants and the shareholders  strengthening the SKF Group's ability to attract and retain the best people and to contribute to the SKF Group's business strategy  its long-term interests and sustainability - that a decision be taken at the Annual General Meeting 2024 on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024.The programme is proposed to cover senior managers and key employees in the SKF Group with an opportunity to be allotted  free of charge  SKF B shares in accordance with the following principal terms and guidelines. Under the programme  not more than in total 1 000 000 SKF B shares may be allotted.The allotment of shares shall be related to the level of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target  as defined by the Board  and SKF's CDP Climate Change score target. The TVA performance measure is weighted 80% and the CDP Climate Change score performance measure is weighted 20%.TVA performance measureTVA is a simplified  economic value-added model promoting greater operating profit  capital efficiency and profitable growth. TVA is the operating profit  less the pre-tax cost of capital.Over the three-year programme period (2024-2026)  the TVA performance target range is set annually by the Board against the baseline of the actual TVA achieved in the previous year. The overall performance achievement for the TVA performance measure of the programme is the average of achievements of the annual TVA targets. In order for allocation of shares to take place  the average TVA development must exceed a certain minimum level (the threshold level). In addition to the threshold level  a target level is set. Maximum allotment is awarded if the target level is reached or exceeded. By way of example  if the TVA achievement year 1 is 80%  year 2 is 100% and year 3 is 0%  the overall performance achievement of the programme would then be 60% (80%+100%+0% / 3).CDP Climate Change score performance measureCDP is a global non-profit organization known for its assessments and scoring methodology to evaluate companies' disclosure and performance relating to climate change and environmental impact. The CDP Climate Change score is based on an extensive questionnaire requiring disclosure and performance in the following categories: Business strategy  Financial planning & scenario analysis  Emissions reduction initiatives  Energy  Governance  Opportunity disclosure  Risk disclosure  Risk management processes  Scope 1 & 2 emissions  Scope 3 emissions  Targets and Value chain engagement.This comprehensive assessment and the resulting score is known across the investor and customer communities as a credible third-party view on companies' approaches to climate change. The score ranges from A (leadership level) to D- (disclosure level). SKF received an A in 2023 which is in the leadership band. This is higher than the Europe regional average of B  and higher than the metal product manufacturing sector average of C. The score is set annually and the bar is raised every year  reflecting increasing stakeholder expectations. SKF's performance achievement and CDP score will therefore require continuous improvements.The overall performance achievement for the CDP Climate Change score is the weighted average of the annual performance achievement  based on the following criteria:SKF's CDP Climate Change score Performance achievement A 100 % A- 75 % B 50 % 0 %For example  if SKF's CDP score is B year 1  A- year 2 and A year 3  the overall performance achievement for the full programme period is 75% (50%+75%+100% / 3).Provided that the performance measures of the programme are fully met  the participants of the programme may be allotted up to the following maximum number of shares per person within the various key groups:CEO and President -shares corresponding to a value of 75% of the fixed base salary-shares corresponding to a value of 75% of the fixed base salary Other members of Group Management - shares corresponding to 55% of the fixed base salary or 13 000 shares  whichever is higher- shares corresponding to 55% of the fixed base salary or 13 000 shares  whichever is higher Managers of large business units and similar - 4 500 shares- 4 500 shares Other senior managers - 3 000 shares- 3 000 shares Other key persons - 1 250 sharesIf the total outcome of the programme exceeds the threshold level for allotment of shares but the final allotment is below 5% of the target level  payment will be made in cash instead of shares  whereupon the amount of the cash payment shall correspond to the value of the shares calculated on the basis of the closing price for SKF's B share the day before settlement.If all the conditions included in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024 are met  allotment of shares shall be made free of charge following the expiry of the three-year calculation period  i.e. during 2027.Before the number of shares to be allotted is finally determined  the Board shall examine whether the allotment is reasonable considering SKF's financial results and position  the conditions on the stock market as well as other circumstances  and if not  as determined by the Board  reduce the number of shares to be awarded to the lower number of shares deemed appropriate by the Board.The Board is furthermore entitled to introduce an alternative incentive solution for employees in countries where participation in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024 is not appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall  as far as practicable  be formulated employing the same conditions as SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024.The company has 455 351 068 shares in issue when this notice is issued. In order to comply with the obligations of SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024  a maximum number of 1 000 000 B shares are required  corresponding to approximately 0.2% of the total number of outstanding shares.Assuming maximum allocation under the Performance Share Programme 2024 and a share price of SEK 210  the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 252. On the basis of a share price of SEK 290 the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 348. In addition  the administrative costs are estimated at approximately MSEK 2.The Board does not propose for the time being to take any action to hedge SKF's obligations under the programme. Delivery of shares under the programme shall not take place until 2027.Number of shares and votes  and documentationWhen this notice is issued  the total number of shares in the company are 455 351 068  represented by 29 306 933 series A shares and 426 044 135 series B shares  with a total number of votes of 71 911 346.5. The company holds no own shares.The annual report  the audit report  the remuneration report  statements of the auditor  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and complete proposal according to item 17 of the agenda together with the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement will be available at the company's headquarters at Sven Wingquists gata 2  415 50 Gothenburg  and at the company's website  www.skf.com  no later than from 5 March 2024 and will be sent to shareholders who request this and state their address. Such request shall be made to Computershare AB by phone  email  or letter as set out under section B) above.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc.The Board of Directors and the President shall  upon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the company  provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's financial position and the company's relationship to other group companies. Anyone who wishes to dispatch questions in advance may do so to AB SKF  Att. General Counsel  SE-415 50 Gothenburg  Sweden  or by e-mail: chair@skf.com.SKF's web-based financial report in English will be made public on 4 March 2024.Proxy forms will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and may also be requested by letter to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2024 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 31-337 25 50.Gothenburg  February 2024Aktiebolaget SKF(publ)Reg. no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsVisit to SKF's factory in Gamlestaden  GothenburgShareholders are welcome to visit SKF's factory in Gamlestaden  Gothenburg  in connection with the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday 26 March 2024 at 10.00. Shareholders that wish to participate shall notify his/her name and contact details (preferably email address alternatively a cell phone number) to: SKF Sverige AB  Att: Lars Werner  415 50 Gothenburg alternatively via email to: Lars.Werner@skf.com. Please note that the number of participants is limited.Processing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting. The personal data is processed in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council. For complete information on the company's processing of your personal data in connection with the Annual General Meeting and your rights  see SKF's website www.skf.com under the heading ""About AGM"" (which is located under the section ""Investors"" and ""Corporate Governance"").For further information  please contact:PRESS: Carl Bjernstam  Head of Media Relationstel: 46 31-337 2517; mobile: 46 722-201 893; e-mail: carl.bjernstam@skf.comINVESTOR RELATIONS: Patrik Stenberg  Head of Investor Relationstel: 46 31-337 2104; mobile: 46 705-472 104; patrik.stenberg@skf.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/637/3931500/2613913.pdf 20240220 Notice of Annual General MeetingView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-302065781.htmlSOURCE SKF",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Radisson Blu Scandinavia Hotel', 'Södra Hamngatan', 'Swedish BankID verification', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'voting right registration', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'deputy Board members', 'postal voting form', 'participation A. Shareholders', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'deputy members', 'meeting room', 'Such registration', 'right registrations', 'voting list', 'postal votes', 'Light refreshments', 'registered shareholding', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'audit report', 'record date', 'The N', 'Computershare AB', 'special form', 'computershare.se', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'B. Shareholders', 'AB SKF', 'latest Wednesday', 'Aktiebolaget SKF', 'proxy holder', 'proxy form', ""shareholders' register"", 'telephone number', 'Wednesday 20 March', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'Tuesday', 'doors', 'summary', 'President', 'address', 'company', 'website', 'Preconditions', 'Monday', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'person', 'weekdays', 'mail', 'AGM', 'subject', 'letter', 'Box 5267', 'SE-102', 'Stockholm', 'writing', 'details', 'name', 'advisors', 'shares', 'nominee', 'addition', 'notification', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'representation', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'entirety', 'questions', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chair', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Consideration', 'Group', 'Matter', 'adoption', 'Resolution', 'distribution', 'profits', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Determination', 'remuneration', '13.', '46', '9.', '11.']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36433,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8000804036196503,Notice of Annual General Meeting,Notice of Annual General Meeting           PR Newswire             GOTHENBURG  Sweden           Feb. 20  2024     /PRNewswire/ --&#xA0;Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of&#xA0;Aktiebolaget SKF will be held at Radisson Blu Scandina...,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden   Feb. 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held at Radisson Blu Scandinavia Hotel  Södra Hamngatan 59  Gothenburg  Sweden   at 14.00 on Tuesday  26 March 2024 . The doors are open from 13.00. Light refreshments will be served prior to the Annual General Meeting between 13.00 and 14.00.A summary of the President's address will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com   after the Annual General Meeting.Preconditions for participationA. Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday  18 March 2024   and  and must notify its intention to participate by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Postal voting"" below so that the postal voting is received by the company through Computershare AB no later than Wednesday  20 March 2024 .B. Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy in the meeting room mustbe recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday  18 March 2024   and  and must notify its intention to participate to the company at the latest Wednesday  20 March 2024 via the company's website www.skf.com   or by phone +46 31 337 25 50 (weekdays between 09.00 and 16.00)  or via e-mail to proxy@computershare.se (use ""AGM 2024 of AB SKF"" as subject)  or by letter to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2024 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden .When notifying the company  preferably in writing  include details of name  address  telephone number  registered shareholding and number of advisors  if any.To be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the shareholder's register as per Monday  18 March 2024 . Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than Wednesday 20 March 2024 are taken into account when preparing the shareholder's register.Participation in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend in person in the meeting room  in person or by proxy  must notify its intention in accordance with B) above. This means that notice by postal voting only is not enough for anyone who wishes to attend in the meeting room.Where representation is being made by proxy  the proxy form shall be sent to the company to the above address or by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se before the Annual General Meeting. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed.Postal votingA special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website  www.skf.com .The completed and signed voting form must be received by SKF through Computershare AB no later than Wednesday  20 March 2024 . Shareholders may cast their postal votes electronically through Swedish BankID verification via SKF's website www.skf.com . The form may also be submitted by post to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2024 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm or via e-mail to proxy@computershare.se . Shareholders who are represented by a proxy holder shall submit a proxy form enclosed to the voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form.Shareholders are not permitted to add special instructions or conditions to their postal votes. If this is done  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found on the postal voting form.For questions about the meeting or to have the postal voting form sent by post  please contact Computershare AB on telephone +46 31-337 25 50.Agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting2. Election of a Chair for the Annual General Meeting3. Drawing up and approval of the voting list4. Approval of agenda5. Election of persons to verify the minutes6. Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of annual report and audit report as well as consolidated accounts and audit report for the Group8. Address by the President9. Matter of adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for the Group10. Resolution regarding distribution of profits and record date11. Matter of discharge of the Board members and the President from liability12. Determination of number of Board members and deputy members13. Determination of remuneration to the Board members14. Election of Board members and deputy Board membersThe Nomination Committee's proposal for Board members:14.1 Hans Stråberg14.2 Hock Goh14.3 Geert Follens14.4 Håkan Buskhe14.5 Susanna Schneeberger14.6 Rickard Gustafson14.7 Beth Ferreira14.8 Therese Friberg14.9 Richard Nilsson14.10 Niko Pakalén15. Election of Chair of the Board of Directors16. Presentation and approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration report17. The Board of Directors' proposal for a resolution on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024Proposal under item 10The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.50 per share. It is proposed that shareholders with holdings recorded on Thursday  28 March 2024 be entitled to receive the proposed dividend. Subject to resolution by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with this proposal  it is expected that Euroclear will distribute the dividend on Thursday 4 April 2024.Proposals under items 2  12  13  14 and 15The Nomination Committee formed according to a resolution of the Annual General Meeting 2020 to represent all shareholders of the company consists of  besides the Chair of the Board of Directors  members elected by FAM  Cevian Capital  AFA Försäkring and Skandia  shareholders who together represent around 40% of the total number of votes in the company. The Nomination Committee proposes the following:Item 2 - that Erik Sjöman is elected Chair of the Annual General Meeting;Item 12 - that the Board of Directors shall consist of ten members and no deputy members;Item 13 - that the Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting and not employed by the company  for the period up to the end of the next Annual General Meeting  receive a fee according to the following:a) An allotment of SEK 2 750 000 to the Chair of the Board of Directors  SEK 1 375 000 to the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors and SEK 900 000 to each of the other Board members; andb) an allotment of SEK 350 000 to the Chair of the Audit Committee  with SEK 250 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  with SEK 200 000 to the Chair of the Remuneration Committee  with SEK 150 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee  with SEK 200 000 to the Chair of the Sustainability and Ethics Committee and with SEK 150 000 to each of the other members of the Sustainability and Ethics Committee;Item 14 - that Hans Stråberg  Hock Goh  Geert Follens   Håkan Buskhe  Susanna Schneeberger   Rickard Gustafson   Beth Ferreira   Therese Friberg   Richard Nilsson and Niko Pakalén are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.  Håkan Buskhe          and Niko Pakalén are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. Item 15 - that Hans Stråberg is re-elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.A presentation of the proposed Board can be found at the company's website www.skf.com .Proposal under item 16The Board of Directors has prepared a Remuneration report which is presented and proposed to be approved by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the company's website  www.skf.com .Proposal under item 17The main contents of the Board of Directors' proposal are stated below. The complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com .At the Annual General Meeting in 2008 the SKF Group introduced a long-term performance share programme for senior managers and key employees. Since then  the Annual General Meeting has resolved each year upon a performance share programme.The Board proposes - in order to continue to link the long-term interests of the participants and the shareholders  strengthening the SKF Group's ability to attract and retain the best people and to contribute to the SKF Group's business strategy  its long-term interests and sustainability - that a decision be taken at the Annual General Meeting 2024 on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024.The programme is proposed to cover senior managers and key employees in the SKF Group with an opportunity to be allotted  free of charge  SKF B shares in accordance with the following principal terms and guidelines. Under the programme  not more than in total 1 000 000 SKF B shares may be allotted.The allotment of shares shall be related to the level of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target  as defined by the Board  and SKF's CDP Climate Change score target. The TVA performance measure is weighted 80% and the CDP Climate Change score performance measure is weighted 20%.TVA performance measureTVA is a simplified  economic value-added model promoting greater operating profit  capital efficiency and profitable growth. TVA is the operating profit  less the pre-tax cost of capital.Over the three-year programme period (2024-2026)  the TVA performance target range is set annually by the Board against the baseline of the actual TVA achieved in the previous year. The overall performance achievement for the TVA performance measure of the programme is the average of achievements of the annual TVA targets. In order for allocation of shares to take place  the average TVA development must exceed a certain minimum level (the threshold level). In addition to the threshold level  a target level is set. Maximum allotment is awarded if the target level is reached or exceeded. By way of example  if the TVA achievement year 1 is 80%  year 2 is 100% and year 3 is 0%  the overall performance achievement of the programme would then be 60% (80%+100%+0% / 3).CDP Climate Change score performance measureCDP is a global non-profit organization known for its assessments and scoring methodology to evaluate companies' disclosure and performance relating to climate change and environmental impact. The CDP Climate Change score is based on an extensive questionnaire requiring disclosure and performance in the following categories: Business strategy  Financial planning & scenario analysis  Emissions reduction initiatives  Energy  Governance  Opportunity disclosure  Risk disclosure  Risk management processes  Scope 1 & 2 emissions  Scope 3 emissions  Targets and Value chain engagement.This comprehensive assessment and the resulting score is known across the investor and customer communities as a credible third-party view on companies' approaches to climate change. The score ranges from A (leadership level) to D- (disclosure level). SKF received an A in 2023 which is in the leadership band. This is higher than the Europe regional average of B  and higher than the metal product manufacturing sector average of C. The score is set annually and the bar is raised every year  reflecting increasing stakeholder expectations. SKF's performance achievement and CDP score will therefore require continuous improvements.The overall performance achievement for the CDP Climate Change score is the weighted average of the annual performance achievement  based on the following criteria:SKF's CDP Climate Change score Performance achievement A 100 % A- 75 % B 50 % <B 0 %For example  if SKF's CDP score is B year 1  A- year 2 and A year 3  the overall performance achievement for the full programme period is 75% (50%+75%+100% / 3).Provided that the performance measures of the programme are fully met  the participants of the programme may be allotted up to the following maximum number of shares per person within the various key groups:CEO and President -shares corresponding to a value of 75% of the fixed base salary-shares corresponding to a value of 75% of the fixed base salary Other members of Group Management - shares corresponding to 55% of the fixed base salary or 13 000 shares  whichever is higher- shares corresponding to 55% of the fixed base salary or 13 000 shares  whichever is higher Managers of large business units and similar - 4 500 shares- 4 500 shares Other senior managers - 3 000 shares- 3 000 shares Other key persons - 1 250 sharesIf the total outcome of the programme exceeds the threshold level for allotment of shares but the final allotment is below 5% of the target level  payment will be made in cash instead of shares  whereupon the amount of the cash payment shall correspond to the value of the shares calculated on the basis of the closing price for SKF's B share the day before settlement.If all the conditions included in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024 are met  allotment of shares shall be made free of charge following the expiry of the three-year calculation period  i.e. during 2027.Before the number of shares to be allotted is finally determined  the Board shall examine whether the allotment is reasonable considering SKF's financial results and position  the conditions on the stock market as well as other circumstances  and if not  as determined by the Board  reduce the number of shares to be awarded to the lower number of shares deemed appropriate by the Board.The Board is furthermore entitled to introduce an alternative incentive solution for employees in countries where participation in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024 is not appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall  as far as practicable  be formulated employing the same conditions as SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024.The company has 455 351 068 shares in issue when this notice is issued. In order to comply with the obligations of SKF's Performance Share Programme 2024  a maximum number of 1 000 000 B shares are required  corresponding to approximately 0.2% of the total number of outstanding shares.Assuming maximum allocation under the Performance Share Programme 2024 and a share price of SEK 210   the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 252. On the basis of a share price of SEK 290 the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 348. In addition  the administrative costs are estimated at approximately MSEK 2.The Board does not propose for the time being to take any action to hedge SKF's obligations under the programme. Delivery of shares under the programme shall not take place until 2027.Number of shares and votes  and documentationWhen this notice is issued  the total number of shares in the company are 455 351 068  represented by 29 306 933 series A shares and 426 044 135 series B shares  with a total number of votes of 71 911 346.5. The company holds no own shares.The annual report  the audit report  the remuneration report  statements of the auditor  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and complete proposal according to item 17 of the agenda together with the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement will be available at the company's headquarters at Sven Wingquists gata 2  415 50 Gothenburg  and at the company's website  www.skf.com   no later than from 5 March 2024 and will be sent to shareholders who request this and state their address. Such request shall be made to Computershare AB by phone  email  or letter as set out under section B) above.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc .The Board of Directors and the President shall  upon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the company  provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's financial position and the company's relationship to other group companies. Anyone who wishes to dispatch questions in advance may do so to AB SKF  Att. General Counsel  SE-415 50 Gothenburg  Sweden   or by e-mail: chair@skf.com .SKF's web-based financial report in English will be made public on 4 March 2024 .Proxy forms will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com   and may also be requested by letter to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2024 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 31-337 25 50.Gothenburg   February 2024Aktiebolaget SKF(publ)Reg. no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsVisit to SKF's factory in Gamlestaden  GothenburgShareholders are welcome to visit SKF's factory in Gamlestaden  Gothenburg   in connection with the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday 26 March 2024 at 10.00. Shareholders that wish to participate shall notify his/her name and contact details (preferably email address alternatively a cell phone number) to: SKF Sverige AB  Att: Lars Werner   415 50 Gothenburg alternatively via email to: Lars.Werner@skf.com . Please note that the number of participants is limited.Processing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting. The personal data is processed in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council. For complete information on the company's processing of your personal data in connection with the Annual General Meeting and your rights  see SKF's website www.skf.com under the heading ""About AGM"" (which is located under the section ""Investors"" and ""Corporate Governance"").For further information  please contact:PRESS: Carl Bjernstam  Head of Media Relationstel: 46 31-337 2517; mobile: 46 722-201 893; e-mail: carl.bjernstam@skf.comINVESTOR RELATIONS: Patrik Stenberg   Head of Investor Relationstel: 46 31-337 2104; mobile: 46 705-472 104; patrik.stenberg@skf.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/637/3931500/2613913.pdf 20240220 Notice of Annual General MeetingView original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-302065781.htmlSOURCE SKF",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Radisson Blu Scandinavia Hotel', 'Södra Hamngatan', 'Swedish BankID verification', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'voting right registration', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'postal voting form', 'participation A. Shareholders', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'meeting room', 'Such registration', 'right registrations', 'voting list', 'postal votes', 'Light refreshments', 'registered shareholding', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'audit report', 'record date', 'Board members', 'deputy members', 'deputy Board', 'Computershare AB', 'special form', 'computershare.se', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'B. Shareholders', 'AB SKF', 'latest Wednesday', 'Aktiebolaget SKF', 'proxy holder', 'proxy form', ""shareholders' register"", 'telephone number', 'Wednesday 20 March', '26 March', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'Notice', 'Tuesday', 'doors', 'summary', 'President', 'address', 'company', 'website', 'Preconditions', 'Monday', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'person', 'weekdays', 'mail', 'AGM', 'subject', 'letter', 'Box 5267', 'SE-102', 'Stockholm', 'writing', 'details', 'name', 'advisors', 'shares', 'nominee', 'addition', 'notification', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'representation', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'entirety', 'questions', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chair', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Consideration', 'Group', 'Matter', 'adoption', 'Resolution', 'distribution', 'profits', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Determination', 'remuneration', '13.', '46', '9.', '11.']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,investorsobserver.com
36434,Euroclear,Bing API,https://news.europawire.eu/skanska-ab-sets-agenda-for-upcoming-annual-general-meeting/eu-press-release/2024/02/21/12/47/25/130417/,Skanska AB Sets Agenda for Upcoming Annual General Meeting,Skanska AB (publ)  a leading construction and development company  has announced its Annual General Meeting (AGM) scheduled for March 27  2024  in,(IN BRIEF) Skanska AB (publ)  a leading construction and development company  has announced its Annual General Meeting (AGM) scheduled for March 27  2024  in Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders are invited to attend or vote by proxy  with key agenda items including the election of Board members and auditors  approval of financial reports  and resolutions on dividend distribution and amendments to the Articles of Association. Detailed information and proposals are available on the company’s website for shareholder review.(PRESS RELEASE) STOCKHOLM  21-Feb-2024 — /EuropaWire/ — Shareholders in Skanska AB (STO: SKA-B)  a leading global project development and construction group  Reg. No 556000-4615 (the “Company”)  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting (the “Meeting”) to be held on Wednesday March 27  2024 at 10.00 am CET at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm  Sweden. Registration will begin at 9.00 am CET. Shareholders will also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by postal voting prior to the Meeting.The presentations by the Chairman of the Board of Directors (“Board”)  Hans Biörck  and the CEO  Anders Danielsson  will be available on the Company’s website www.group.skanska.com under the heading “Corporate Governance/Shareholders’ Meeting/AGM 2024” after the Meeting.Right to participate and notice of participationShareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB (“Euroclear”) concerning the circumstances on Tuesday March 19  2024.In addition  shareholders must notify of its intention to participate in the Meeting:A) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice of intent to participate to the Company no later than on Thursday March 21  2024  via Euroclear’s website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by writing to Skanska AB (publ)  “Årsstämman”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE–101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 81 on weekdays between 9.00 am and 4.00 pm CET. When giving notice of participation  please state name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and  if applicable  the number of attending counsels (no more than two).B) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting by postal voting must give notice of intent to participate to the Company no later than on Thursday March 21  2024  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear no later than that day.In order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting  in person  by proxy or by postal voting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the share register as of Tuesday March 19  2024. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee’s routines  at such a time in advance as required by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday March 21  2024  will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.For Skanska employees  who have invested in Skanska shares under the Skanska employee ownership programs Seop 1–6 (2008–2025) and who wish to participate in the Meeting and exercise the voting rights of their shares  the Company may assist with the registration of the shares in the employee’s own name. Employees wishing the Company’s assistance with such voting rights registration should inform the Company about this no later than on Wednesday March 6  2024  by telephone +46 (0)10 449 63 85 on weekdays between 9.00 am and 4.00 pm CET or by e-mail via arsstamma@skanska.se  stating full name  personal identification number  address and so-called global ID  received for the Skanska employee ownership programs. Such a request for voting-rights registration will be regarded as a notice to participate at the meeting venue in accordance with A) above. To participate by postal voting  Skanska employees must give notice of participation by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below.Postal votingA special form must be used for postal voting  which is available on the Company’s website www.group.skanska.com  under the heading “Corporate Governance/Shareholders’ Meeting/AGM 2024”. In the case of postal voting only  no separate notification is required for the Meeting. The completed and signed postal voting form must be received by Euroclear no later than Thursday March 21  2024. Shareholders may sign the form electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear’s website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. The completed form may also be sent by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or be posted to the address Skanska AB (publ)  “Årsstämman”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may not assign specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. The postal voting form will be deemed to be invalid in its entirety in such case. Additional instructions and conditions are provided in the postal voting form.Shareholders wishing to attend the Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must notify their participation in accordance with the instructions under A) under the heading Right to participate and notice of participation above. This means that notification of participation by postal vote only is not sufficient for those who wish to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy.If a shareholder has voted by post and thereafter participates in the meeting venue in person or by proxy  the postal vote is still valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting procedure at the Meeting or otherwise withdraws the postal vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting at the Meeting  the vote cast will replace the previously submitted postal vote with regard to the relevant item on the agenda.Voting by proxyShareholders who are represented by a proxy must issue a written and dated power of attorney for the proxy signed by the shareholder. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a copy of a valid registration certificate or equivalent authorization documents must also be attached. The power of attorney with registration certificate or equivalent authorization documents (if applicable) should be sent to the address Skanska AB (publ)  “Årsstämman”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or via e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  well in advance of the Meeting. If a postal vote takes place with the support of a power of attorney  the power of attorney with registration certificate or equivalent authorization documents (if applicable) must be attached to the postal voting form and should be sent in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting above.Proxy forms can be found on the Company’s website www.group.skanska.com under the heading “Corporate Governance/Shareholders’ Meeting/AGM 2024”. The power of attorney is valid for a maximum of one year from the date of issue  unless the power of attorney states a longer period of validity  however  for a maximum of five years from the time of issue.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the Chairman of the Meeting.6. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened.7. Report by the Chairman of the Board and by the CEO.8. Presentation of the annual report and auditors’ report for 2023 and the consolidated accounts and the auditors’ report on the consolidated accounts for 2023  as well as the auditor’s statement regarding the application of guidelines for salary and other remuneration to senior executives which have applied since the previous Annual General Meeting.9. Resolution on adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.10. Resolution on the dispositions of the Company’s results pursuant to the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for dividend.11. Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the Board and the CEO for the administration of the Company in 2023.12. Determination of the number of members of the Board to be elected by the Meeting and the number of auditors and deputy auditors.13. Determination of the fees payable to members of the Board elected by the Meeting and to the auditor.14. Election of members of the Board and of the Chairman of the Board.A. election of board member: Hans Biörck (re-election)B. election of board member: Pär Boman (re-election)C. election of board member: Jan Gurander (re-election)D. election of board member: Mats Hederos (re-election)E. election of board member: Fredrik Lundberg (re-election)F. election of board member: Catherine Marcus (re-election)G. election of board member: Åsa Söderström Winberg (re-election)H. election of board member: Jayne McGivern (new election)I. election of board member: Henrik Sjölund (new election)J. election of the Chairman of the Board: Hans Biörck (re-election)15. Election of auditor.16. Presentation of the Board’s remuneration report for 2023 for approval.17. Decision to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisition of own Class B shares to secure delivery of Class B shares to participants in the long-term employee ownership program for the financial years 2023  2024 and 2025 (Seop 6).18. Decision to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisition of own Class B shares to give the Board increased freedom of action to be able to adapt the Company’s capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value.19. Resolution on amendments to the Articles of Association.20. Closing of the Meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2 – Chairman of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee  appointed in accordance with the instruction for the Nomination Committee resolved by the Annual General Meeting 2018  consists prior to the Meeting of the Chairman of the Nomination Committee  Helena Stjernholm (AB Industrivärden)  Katarina Martinson (Lundberg Group)  Dick Bergqvist (AMF Tjänstepension & AMF Fonder)  Malin Björkmo (Handelsbanken Funds) and Hans Biörck (Chairman of the Board).The Nomination Committee proposes that attorney Patrik Marcelius is elected Chairman of the Meeting.Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear on behalf of the Company  based on the Meeting’s register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Item 10 – Dividend and record dateThe Board proposes a dividend for 2023 of SEK 5.50 per share. The Board proposes Tuesday April 2  2024  as the record date for receiving dividend. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear on Friday April 5  2024.Item 12 – Number of members of the Board to be elected by the Meeting and number of auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board elected by the Meeting shall be nine  and that one registered accounting firm be elected as auditor with no deputy auditors.Item 13 – Fees payable to members of the Board elected by the Meeting and to the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that fees to non-employee members of the Board elected by the Meeting and non-employee members of the committees of the Board elected by the Meeting be paid as follows until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2025:• SEK 2 400 000 (2023: SEK 2 325 000) to the Chairman of the Board;• SEK 800 000 (2023: SEK 775 000) each to the other board members;• SEK 310 000 (2023: SEK 280 000) to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 210 000 (2023: SEK 195 000) each to the other members of the committee;• SEK 115 000 (2023: SEK 115 000) to the Chairman of the Compensation Committee and SEK 110 000 (2023: SEK 110 000) each to the other members of the committee; and• SEK 235 000 (2023: SEK 225 000) each to the Chairman of the Project Review Committee and the other members of the committee.This implies a proposed increase of the total remuneration of 3.7% (2023: 3.0%) on an unchanged number of board and committee members.The Nomination Committee also proposes  like previous years  that the auditor fees shall be paid against approved account.Item 14 – Election of members of the Board and of the Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2025:• Re-election of Hans Biörck  Pär Boman  Jan Gurander  Mats Hederos  Fredrik Lundberg  Catherine Marcus and Åsa Söderström Winberg as members of the Board.• Election of Jayne McGivern and Henrik Sjölund as new members of the Board.• Re-election of Hans Biörck as Chairman of the Board.Jayne McGivern was born in 1960 in the UK. Jayne McGivern was a member of Skanska’s Board from the Annual General Meeting 2015 until August 31  2021  when she  at her own request  resigned from the Board for her current operational role in Riyadh  Saudi Arabia  as CEO of Sport Boulevard Foundation. Jayne McGivern has many years of international experience from senior operational roles in the property and construction industry  including within Madison Square Garden Company (2017–2021)  Multiplex Europe (2005–2010) and AEG Company (2001–2005). Currently Jayne McGivern serves as non-executive board member of the investment vehicle NEOM (Oxagon). Jayne McGivern has attended Harrogate Ladies College in the UK  and her qualification is FRICS (Fellow of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors).Henrik Sjölund was born in 1966 in Sweden. Henrik Sjölund is since 2014 President and CEO of Holmen AB. Henrik Sjölund has previously (during 1995–2014) held several senior positions within Holmen Paper  such as CEO during 2011–2014 and Marketing and Sales Manager during 2001–2011. Currently he serves as board member of Cepi (the Confederation of European Paper Industries) and Svenskt Näringsliv (the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise). Henrik Sjölund has a B. Sc. Economics from Linköping University  Sweden.The Nomination Committee’s motivated statement and information about the proposed members of the Board are available on the Company’s website www.group.skanska.com under the heading “Corporate Governance/Shareholders’ Meeting/AGM 2024”.Item 15 – Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB as the Company’s external auditor for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2025.Item 17 – Decision to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisitions of own Class B shares to secure delivery of own Class B shares to participants in the long-term employee ownership program for the financial years 2023  2024 and 2025 (Seop 6)BackgroundThe Annual General Meeting 2022  resolved in accordance with the Board’s proposal on a long-term employee ownership program for the financial years 2023  2024 and 2025  respectively (each an “Annual Program”) for permanent employees in the Skanska Group (Skanska Employee Ownership Program  “Seop 6”); that a maximum of 12 000 000 own Class B shares may be transferred free of charge to participants in Seop 6 at the time and on the other terms that participants in Seop 6 are entitled to acquire shares; that each Annual Program may comprise no more than 4 000 000 Class B shares; and that transfers may be made of Class B shares (i) which have previously been acquired to secure Skanska’s obligations under earlier Skanska Employee Ownership Programs but which are no longer required for such purpose  (ii) which have been acquired in accordance with the authorization given by the Annual General Meeting 2022  and (iii) which are acquired under future authorizations to acquire Class B shares.Information on Seop 6  including the conditions which the outcome depends on  is available on the Company’s website www.group.skanska.com/ under the heading “Corporate Governance/Remuneration/Incentive programs”. Information on costs of the Skanska Employee Ownership Programs  etc. is available in note 37 in the annual and sustainability report for the financial year 2023.ProposalFor the purpose of securing deliveries of Class B shares to participants in Seop 6 on the terms and conditions adopted by the Annual General Meeting 2022  the Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisitions of own Class B shares on the following terms and conditions.a) Acquisitions of Class B shares may only be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm.b) The authorization may be exercised on one or several occasions  however at the latest until the Annual General Meeting 2025.c) No more than 2 400 000 Class B shares may be acquired to secure delivery of shares to participants in Seop 6.d) Acquisitions of Class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only be made at a price within the from time to time applicable range of prices (spread) on Nasdaq Stockholm  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price.The Board has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 18 – Decision to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisitions of own Class B shares to give the Board increased freedom of action to be able to adapt the Company’s capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder valueFor the purpose of giving the Board increased freedom of action to be able to adapt the Company’s capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  the Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisitions of own Class B shares on the following terms and conditions.a) Acquisitions of Class B shares may only be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm.b) The authorization may be exercised on one or several occasions  however at the latest until the Annual General Meeting 2025.c) Acquisitions may be made of such amount of Class B shares that the Company’s holding of own shares after each acquisition amounts to a maximum of one-tenth of the total number of shares in the Company.d) Acquisitions of Class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only be made at a price within the from time to time applicable range of prices (spread) on Nasdaq Stockholm  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price.The Board has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 19 – Amendments to the Articles of AssociationThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to amend the Articles of Association as set out below.Current wording§ 9A General Meeting shall be held in Malmö  Stockholm or Gothenburg.Notice of a General Meeting shall be provided in the form of announcements in the Swedish Official Gazette (Post- och Inrikes Tidningar) and on the Company’s website. Notice that this has been done shall be made in a separate notice in Dagens Nyheter and  in addition  in not less than one other daily newspaper.To be entitled to participate in the business of a General Meeting  shareholders shall notify their intention to the Company not later than on the day stipulated in the notice convening the General Meeting. The latter mentioned day must not be a Sunday  any other public holiday  a Saturday  Midsummer’s Eve  Christmas Eve or New Year’s Eve and must not be more than the five weekdays before the Meeting.A shareholder may be accompanied by advisors at a General Meeting only where the shareholder has given the Company notice of the number of advisors (not more than two) in the manner stated in the previous paragraph.Proposed wording§ 9A General Meeting shall be held in Malmö  Stockholm or Gothenburg.Notice of a General Meeting shall be provided in the form of announcements in the Swedish Official Gazette (Post- och Inrikes Tidningar) and on the Company’s website. Notice that this has been done shall be made in a separate notice in Dagens Nyheter or  should the publication of Dagens Nyheter cease  in Svenska Dagbladet.To be entitled to participate in the business of a General Meeting  shareholders shall notify their intention to the Company not later than on the day stipulated in the notice convening the General Meeting. The latter mentioned day must not be a Sunday  any other public holiday  a Saturday  Midsummer’s Eve  Christmas Eve or New Year’s Eve and must not be more than the five weekdays before the Meeting.A shareholder may be accompanied by advisors at a General Meeting only where the shareholder has given the Company notice of the number of advisors (not more than two) in the manner stated in the previous paragraph.The Board further proposes that the Meeting resolves to authorize the Board  or the person the Board appoints instead  to make such minor adjustments to the above resolution that may prove to be necessary in connection with the registration of the Articles of Association with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and otherwise take the measures required for execution of the resolution.Majority requirementsThe Meeting’s resolutions according to the Board’s motions under item 17  18 and 19 on the agenda requires that shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting approve the resolutions.Complete proposals  etc.Complete proposals for resolutions on item 2–3  12–15 and 17–19 on the agenda are set forth above. The following documents will be available at the Company’s offices  Warfvinges väg 25  SE-112 74 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the Company’s website www.group.skanska.com  under the heading “Corporate Governance/Shareholders’ Meeting/AGM 2024”  as of Wednesday February 21  2024:• the Nomination Committee’s motivated statement including a description of the work of the Nomination Committee before the Meeting • information on the proposed board members • the Board’s statement according to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act (regarding item 17 and 18 on the agenda)  and• the complete Articles of Association  as proposed (regarding item 19 on the agenda).The following documents will be available in accordance with the above  as of Wednesday March 6  2024:• annual and sustainability report including auditor’s report for the financial year 2023 and the Board’s complete proposal on disposition of earnings (regarding item 10 on the agenda) and the Board’s statement according to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act • the Board’s remuneration report for 2023 (regarding item 16 on the agenda)  and• auditor’s statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the application of guidelines for salary and other remuneration to senior executives.The documents will also be sent to shareholders who so request and state their address.Information at the MeetingIf requested by a shareholder and the Board deems that it can take place without causing significant damage to the Company  the Board and the CEO shall provide information at the Meeting about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ financial position and the Company’s relation to other companies within the Group.Shares and votesAt the time of issuance of this notice  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 419 903 072 of which 19 603 982 are Class A shares (ten votes per share) and 400 299 090 are Class B shares (one vote per share). As per the same date  the Company’s own shares amounted to 9 496 493 Class B shares  amounting to 9 496 493 votes in the Company. The Company may not vote for its own shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the privacy notice available on the Company’s website www.group.skanska.com under the heading “Corporate Governance/Shareholders’ Meeting/AGM 2024”._____________________Stockholm  February 2024Skanska AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information please contact:Caroline Fellenius Omnell  Executive Vice President  General Counsel  Skanska ABTelephone +46 (0) 104492923Antonia Junelind  Senior Vice President Investor Relations  Skanska ABTelephone +46 (0) 104486261Jacob Birkeland  Head of Media Relations and Public Affairs  Skanska ABTelephone +46 (0) 104491957Direct line for media  tel +46 (0)104488899Skanska Group uses knowledge and foresight to shape the way people live  work  and connect. We are one of the world’s largest project development and construction companies  with 2023 revenue totaling SEK 157 billion. We operate across select markets in the Nordics  Europe and USA. Together with our customers and the collective expertise of our approximately 27 000 teammates  we create innovative and sustainable solutions that support healthy living beyond our lifetime.SOURCE: Skanska ABMORE ON SKANSKA  ETC.:,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'Skanska AB', 'Agenda', 'Skanska employee ownership programs Seop', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'leading global project development', 'key agenda items', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'Hans Biörck', 'personal identification number', 'Voting rights registrations', 'corporate registration number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Corporate Governance/Shareholders’ Meeting', 'postal voting form', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'leading construction', 'global ID', 'Skanska AB', 'voting-rights registration', 'skanska.se', 'development company', 'IN BRIEF', 'financial reports', 'dividend distribution', 'Detailed information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'construction group', 'Anders Danielsson', 'share register', 'Årsstämman', 'attending counsels', 'postal vote', 'Such re-registration', 'special form', 'separate notification', 'completed form', 'Skanska employees', 'telephone number', 'meeting venue', 'Skanska shares', 'state name', 'full name', 'Board members', 'shareholder review', 'anmalan.vpc', 'Thursday March', 'Wednesday March', 'publ', 'AGM', 'proxy', 'election', 'auditors', 'approval', 'resolutions', 'amendments', 'Articles', 'Association', 'proposals', 'website', 'SKA-B', 'Reg.', 'notice', 'opportunity', 'presentations', 'Chairman', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'heading', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'addition', 'intention', 'Box', 'weekdays', 'address', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'order', 'nominee', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'assistance', 'mail', 'arsstamma', 'case', 'BankID', '10.00', '46', '8', '9.00', '4.00']",2024-02-21,2024-02-21,news.europawire.eu
36435,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/euroclear-expands-its-offering-with-eurex-clearing/,Euroclear expands its offering with Eurex Clearing,With the expansion  Euroclear Bank will be able to boost operational efficiencies for market users and streamline collateral management.,Euroclear Bank has expanded its services with Eurex Clearing  now becoming an eligible securities collateral location of the main global clearing organisation.Clients of both the Brussels-based Euroclear Bank and Eurex Clearing will now be able to post collateral directly to Eurex Clearing  with the ability to further optimise the pool of collateral held in Euroclear’s International Central Securities Depository (ICSD).“We are excited to have Eurex Clearing joining the group of CCPs using our services to support their critical margining activity.” said Olivier Grimonpont  managing director  head of product management  market liquidity  Euroclear. “As an open financial market infrastructure we continuously strive to benefit our ecosystem by creating efficiencies which contribute to a more stable  secure financial marketplace  providing the best in class service to clients.”According to Euroclear  the service offering will increase operational efficiency for market users and streamline the collateral management process.Matthias Graulich  chief strategy officer  member of the executive board of Eurex Clearing said: “We are pleased to offer Euroclear Bank as an additional securities collateral location for provision of margin and default fund contributions. With this service we jointly create added value for our clients by facilitating a smooth access to the CCP and by enabling efficiencies across the clearing community.”Graulich further added: “Euroclear Bank strengths our offering for the buy-side clients and complements our existing services such as ISA Direct and ISA Direct Indemnified clearing models.”The agreement builds on the existing partnership which sees Eurex Clearing already use Euroclear Bank as an eligible securities settlement location.,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,positive,0.6,0.38,0.02,True,English,"['Eurex Clearing', 'Euroclear', 'offering', 'ISA Direct Indemnified clearing models', 'International Central Securities Depository', 'stable, secure financial marketplace', 'eligible securities settlement location', 'open financial market infrastructure', 'eligible securities collateral location', 'additional securities collateral location', 'main global clearing organisation', 'critical margining activity', 'chief strategy officer', 'default fund contributions', 'collateral management process', 'Brussels-based Euroclear Bank', 'market liquidity', 'market users', 'Eurex Clearing', 'clearing community', 'product management', 'Olivier Grimonpont', 'managing director', 'operational efficiency', 'executive board', 'smooth access', 'existing partnership', 'class service', 'Matthias Graulich', 'existing services', 'side clients', 'service offering', 'ability', 'pool', 'ICSD', 'group', 'CCPs', 'head', 'ecosystem', 'efficiencies', 'member', 'provision', 'added', 'value', 'buy', 'agreement']",2024-02-21,2024-02-21,thetradenews.com
36436,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/clearingandsettlementarticle.php?article_id=15325&navigationaction=clearingandsettlementnews&newssection=Clearing%20and%20Settlement,Euroclear Bank and Eurex Clearing further partnership,International central securities depository (ICSD) Euroclear Bank has become an eligible securities collateral location of Eurex Clearing. The announcement builds on the existing partnership between the organisations  with the central counterparty already ...,Euroclear Bank and Eurex Clearing further partnershipInternational central securities depository (ICSD) Euroclear Bank has become an eligible securities collateral location of Eurex Clearing.The announcement builds on the existing partnership between the organisations  with the central counterparty already using Euroclear Bank as an eligible securities settlement location.Mutual clients are now able to post collateral directly to Eurex Clearing and optimise Euroclear Bank’s collateral pool  which the companies state will improve operational efficiency and streamline the collateral management process.Matthias Graulich  chief strategy officer and member of the executive board at Eurex Clearing  comments: “We are pleased to offer Euroclear Bank as an additional securities collateral location for provision of margin and default fund contributions.“With this service we jointly create added value for our clients by facilitating a smooth access to the CCP and by enabling efficiencies across the clearing community. Euroclear Bank strengthens our offering for the buy-side clients and complements our existing services.”Olivier Grimonpont  managing director and head of product management for market liquidity at Euroclear  says: “As an open financial market infrastructure we continuously strive to benefit our ecosystem by creating efficiencies which contribute to a more stable  secure financial marketplace  providing the best-in-class service to clients.”,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.65,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear Bank', 'Eurex Clearing', 'partnership', 'eligible securities settlement location', 'stable, secure financial marketplace', 'International central securities depository', 'open financial market infrastructure', 'eligible securities collateral location', 'additional securities collateral location', 'chief strategy officer', 'default fund contributions', 'collateral management process', 'central counterparty', 'market liquidity', 'collateral pool', 'product management', 'Eurex Clearing', 'operational efficiency', 'Matthias Graulich', 'executive board', 'added value', 'smooth access', 'clearing community', 'existing services', 'Olivier Grimonpont', 'managing director', 'Euroclear Bank', 'existing partnership', 'Mutual clients', 'buy-side clients', 'class service', 'ICSD', 'announcement', 'organisations', 'companies', 'state', 'member', 'provision', 'margin', 'CCP', 'efficiencies', 'offering', 'head', 'ecosystem']",2024-02-21,2024-02-21,assetservicingtimes.com
36437,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://thefly.com/permalinks/entry.php/id3866427/DBOEY-Deutsche-Boerse-price-target-raised-by-EUR--at-RBC-Capital,Deutsche Boerse price target raised by EUR 11 at RBC Capital DBOEY,See the rest of the story here.thefly.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors  professional money managers  active traders  and corpor…,Earnings Alamos Gold sees FY24 gold production 485K-525K ounces » Alamos Gold $11.77 / -0.005 (-0.04%) AGI Sees FY24 total CapEx… Available to The Fly Members Only Breaking content available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Create FREE AccountEarnings Alamos Gold reports Q4 adjusted EPS 12c  consensus 11c » Alamos Gold $11.77 / -0.005 (-0.04%) AGI Reports Q4 revenue… Available to The Fly Members Only Breaking content available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Create FREE AccountHot Stocks Thermo Fisher increases quarterly dividend 1% to 39c per share » Thermo Fisher $552.80 / +4.48 (+0.82%) TMO Thermo Fisher authorized… Available to The Fly Members Only Breaking content available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Create FREE AccountHot Stocks FLJ Group discloses NASDAQ Deficiency Notice » FLJ Group / + FLJ FLJ Group Limited… Available to The Fly Members Only Breaking content available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Create FREE AccountPeriodicals United Airlines to resume service between New York/Newark and Tel Aviv » United Airlines $44.06 / +0.58 (+1.33%) UAL United plans to resume a… Available to The Fly Members Only Breaking content available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Create FREE AccountSyndicate Parsons offers to sell $700M in convertible senior notes due 2029 Parsons $75.22 / +0.25 (+0.33%) PSNHot Stocks Sunrun falls 10% to $13.95 after convertible debt offering Sunrun $15.57 / -0.325 (-2.04%) RUNEarnings Chesapeake Utilities sees 2025 EPS $6.15-$6.35 » Chesapeake Utilities $105.50 / +0.37 (+0.35%) CPK Continues to support… Available to The Fly Members Only Breaking content available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Create FREE AccountHot Stocks Clearwater Paper sees FY24 CapEx $90M-$100M » Clearwater Paper $36.00 / +1.215 (+3.49%) CLW Sees FY24: Interest… Available to The Fly Members Only Breaking content available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Create FREE Account,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.54,0.44,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse price target', 'RBC Capital DBOEY', 'EUR', 'FY24 gold production 485K-525K ounces', 'FLJ FLJ Group Limited', 'NASDAQ Deficiency Notice', 'convertible senior notes', 'convertible debt offering', 'Earnings Alamos Gold', 'The Fly Members', 'Earnings Chesapeake Utilities', 'TMO Thermo Fisher', 'Hot Stocks Sunrun', 'FREE Account', 'quarterly dividend', 'United Airlines', 'New York/Newark', 'Tel Aviv', 'UAL United', 'Clearwater Paper', 'FY24 CapEx', 'AGI Reports', 'Q4 revenue', 'Syndicate Parsons', 'content', 'access', 'EPS', 'Breaking', 'share', 'Periodicals', 'service', 'PSN', 'CPK', 'CLW', 'Interest']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,thefly.com
36438,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/1869089/brexit-city-london-france-germany,UK scores major Brexit victory – and it is all thanks to France,"EXCLUSIVE: David Buik believes moving business to the continent would have been a ""totally unnecessary indulgence"".","Rishi Sunak and French President Emmanuel MacronFrance has defied Germany with a deal enabling its banks to continue using clearing houses in the City of London  in another massive blow for Project Fear. And City expert David Buik has said the decision eloquently demonstrates that such institutions were “a jewel in the crown” of Britain’s financial services sector. When Britain took the decision to quit the bloc in 2016  doom-laden predictions suggested thousands of jobs would relocate from Square Mile to financial centres on the continent including Paris and Frankfurt. However  the exodus has never materialised  despite ECB staff reportedly lobbying governments to require EU banks to move between 30 to 40 percent of their trade from London. The final deal is likely to see a vastly smaller percentage moving over in what is seen as a big win for both the City and banks in the European Union.Germany's Chancellor Olaf ScholzClearing houses are financial institutions formed to facilitate the exchange of payments  securities  and derivatives transactions  effectively acting as an intermediary. The decision - reported today by Politico - stems from the fact that UK clearing houses - particularly the London Clearing House (LCH) - remain popular choices for banks the world over  for whom it is cheaper to have all their business in one place. Mr Buik said: ""You know what they say  ‘if it’s not broken  don’t try and mend it. ""The London Clearing House is a massive success story.The City of London is one of the world's most important financial centres“It works for the financial world  regardless of political persuasion.” Mr Buik  who has in the past worked for RP Martin  Kirkland Whitaker and London Deposit Agencies and who is a regular commentator on BBC continued: ""It would have been a totally unnecessary indulgence to have moved Euro-denominated securities to Paris  Brussels  Frankfurt or wherever. ""Above all else the financial community is pragmatic. “It would have been insane to move 40 percent of the clearing to someone like Deutsche Boerse out of spite.Become an Express Premium member Support fearless journalismSupport fearless journalism Read The Daily Express online  advert freeRead The Daily Express online  advert free Get super-fast page loading Start 30-dayFREE trialDavid Buik: EU would rather hurt own growth than see UK thrive""It has always been a jewel in our very considerable financial crown."" Generally speaking Paris is keen on boosting European at the expense of the UK - but France  led by Emmanuel Macron  is widely understood to have been the driving force in maintaining the status quo. Specifically  Mr Macron’s government is understood to have conclude its banks stood to lose international business and would face higher costs if euro-clearing relocated across the English Channel. Perrine Herrenschmidt  head of Brussels office  European public policy at the International Swaps and Derivatives Association  explained: “There is a cost to moving clearing to the EU. Reducing European banks’ access to UK clearinghouses decreases the strategic autonomy of banks and their clients.Frankfurt is home to the European Central Bank - and  in effect  the euroTrending",positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.27,0.49,True,English,"['major Brexit victory', 'UK', 'France', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'The London Clearing House', 'Chancellor Olaf Scholz', 'Express Premium member', 'The Daily Express', 'super-fast page loading', 'massive success story', 'financial services sector', 'European public policy', 'European Central Bank', 'London Deposit Agencies', 'Support fearless journalism', 'important financial centres', 'considerable financial crown', 'European banks’ access', 'UK clearing houses', 'Mr Macron', 'massive blow', 'The City', 'financial community', 'European Union', 'Rishi Sunak', 'Project Fear', 'David Buik', 'doom-laden predictions', 'Square Mile', 'smaller percentage', 'big win', 'derivatives transactions', 'popular choices', 'one place', 'Mr Buik', 'political persuasion', 'RP Martin', 'Kirkland Whitaker', 'regular commentator', 'unnecessary indulgence', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'FREE trial', 'driving force', 'status quo', 'higher costs', 'English Channel', 'Perrine Herrenschmidt', 'International Swaps', 'Derivatives Association', 'strategic autonomy', 'financial institutions', 'financial world', 'UK clearinghouses', 'City expert', '30 to 40 percent', 'final deal', 'Euro-denominated securities', 'international business', 'Brussels office', 'EU banks', 'France', 'Germany', 'decision', 'jewel', 'Britain', 'bloc', 'thousands', 'jobs', 'continent', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', 'exodus', 'ECB', 'governments', 'trade', 'exchange', 'payments', 'intermediary', 'Politico', 'fact', 'LCH', 'past', 'BBC', 'someone', 'spite', '30-day', 'growth', 'expense', 'euro-clearing', 'head', 'clients', 'effect', 'Trending']",2024-02-21,2024-02-21,express.co.uk
36439,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://realmoney.thestreet.com/recommendations/dboey-deutsche-boerse-price-target-raised-by-eur-at-rbc-capital-1,Deutsche Boerse price target raised by EUR 11 at RBC Capital,See the rest of the story here. Theflyonthewall.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors ,See the rest of the story here. Theflyonthewall.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors ,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse price target', 'RBC Capital', 'EUR', 'real-time, streaming news feed', 'latest financial news', 'market intelligence', 'The Fly', 'individual investors', 'rest', 'story', 'Theflyonthewall', 'com', 'leader']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,realmoney.thestreet.com
36440,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/20/2831551/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-15-19-2024.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 15 – 19  2024,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 15 – 19  2024  February 20  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert......,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 15 – 19  2024February 20  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 65 122 its own ordinary shares in the period from February 15  2024  up to and including February 19  2024  for €9.3 million and at an average share price of €143.52.The previously disclosed third-party agreement to repurchase €100 million in shares starting January 2  2024  up to and including February 19  2024  has hereby been fulfilled.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 732 722 100.0 136.48Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'third-party agreement', 'Total consideration', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Further information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'January', 'date', 'obligations', 'website', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Regulation', 'Attachment', '31']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,globenewswire.com
36441,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/20/2831508/0/en/KBC-Group-Update-regarding-the-KBC-Group-share-buyback-programme.html,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 12 February 2024 and 16 February 2024 …,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 12 February 2024 and 16 February 2024  included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 12-02-2024 75 000 € 4 700 595 € 62.67 € 61.06 € 62.98 13-02-2024 80 000 € 5 021 408 € 62.77 € 62.40 € 63.12 14-02-2024 75 000 € 4 736 588 € 63.15 € 62.80 € 63.52 15-02-2024 78 000 € 4 894 133 € 62.75 € 62.08 € 63.32 16-02-2024 75 000 € 4 748 115 € 63.31 € 63.10 € 63.82Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 11 749 378 on 16 February 2024  for a total consideration of € 674 100 769.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Total price Average price', 'share buyback programme', 'KBC Group NV', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'trading hours', 'Date No.', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '12 February', '16 February', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,globenewswire.com
36442,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DON-T-NOD-ENTERTAINMENT-43444427/news/Don-t-Nod-Entertainment-INFORMATION-ON-2023-REVENUE-AND-RESULTS-45990218/,Don't Nod Entertainment : INFORMATION ON 2023 REVENUE AND RESULTS -February 20  2024 at 12:05 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  February 20  2024 – DON'T NOD Entertainment  an independent studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games. announces its publication agenda for 2023 consolidated results. These publications will be an opportunity to r…,"Paris  February 20  2024 – DON'T NOD Entertainment  an independent studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games. announces its publication agenda for 2023 consolidated results. These publications will be an opportunity to review the news of the studio  its strategy  and its development prospects.Events Dates 2023 revenue Wednesday 27 March 2024 – after Euronext market closing 2023 consolidated results Wednesday 17 April 2024 – after Euronext market closing SFAF meeting Thursday 18 April 2024 – 08:30 amThis calendar of publication dates is for reference only  it is subject to change if necessary.About DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  such as Harmony: The Fall of ReverieTM and JusantTM   as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth ParisDON'T NODOskar GUILBERTChief Executive OfficerBenoît GISBERT MORADeputy General Managerinvest@dont-nod.com ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne PUISSANTAnalyst/Investor relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - dontnod@actus.frAmaury DUGASTPress relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 74 - adugast@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yZqeYJiXZ22blmlxl55taZSYmW5jlGOVm2mYm2NuZZmUZ59ix5til8bIZnFll2xt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84277-20022024_cp_dne_calendrier_communication_ra2023_vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Entertainment', 'INFORMATION', '2023 REVENUE', 'RESULTS', 'February', '12:05', 'Oskar GUILBERT Chief Executive Officer', 'Benoît GISBERT MORA', 'TELL ME WHYTM', 'unique narrative experiences', 'industry leading publishers', 'Deputy General Manager', 'Bandai Namco Entertainment', 'original press release', 'Events Dates 2023 revenue', 'independent French publisher', 'original narrative games', 'next press releases', 'T NOD Entertainment', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', ""DON'T NOD"", 'Focus Entertainment', 'Press relations', 'video games', 'other releases', 'Euronext market', 'publication dates', 'development prospects', 'SFAF meeting', 'TWIN MIRRORTM', 'REMEMBER METM', 'engaging stories', 'Square Enix', 'third-party developers', 'editorial visions', 'innovative universe', 'ISIN code', 'Investor relations', 'Amaury DUGAST', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'independent studio', 'publication agenda', '2023 consolidated results', 'ACTUS finance', 'February', 'publications', 'opportunity', 'strategy', 'April', 'calendar', 'reference', 'change', 'Montreal', 'adventure', 'LIFE', 'STRANGETM', 'RPG', 'VAMPYRTM', 'action', 'genres', 'characters', 'Microsoft', 'Capcom', 'IPs', 'house', 'Harmony', 'Fall', 'ReverieTM', 'JusantTM', 'knowledge', 'company', 'immersive', 'ALDNE', 'communication', 'Tel.', 'adugast', 'yZqeYJiXZ22blmlxl55taZSYmW5jlGOVm2mYm2NuZZmUZ59ix5til8bIZnFll2xt', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '08:30', '1', '2024']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36443,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-15-19-2024-45985665/,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 15 – 19  2024,(marketscreener.com)    Share Buyback Transaction Details February 15 – 19  2024 February 20  2024 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 65 122 its own …,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 15 – 19  2024February 20  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 65 122 its own ordinary shares in the period from February 15  2024  up to and including February 19  2024  for €9.3 million and at an average share price of €143.52.The previously disclosed third-party agreement to repurchase €100 million in shares starting January 2  2024  up to and including February 19  2024  has hereby been fulfilled.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 732 722 100.0 136.48Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share repurchases', 'new information', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'Further information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'third-party agreement', 'Total consideration', 'Weekly reports', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'January', 'date', 'obligations', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Regulation', 'Attachment', '31']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36444,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KBC-GROUPE-NV-5967/news/KBC-Group-Update-regarding-the-KBC-Group-share-buyback-programme-45984702/,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme -February 20  2024 at 02:01 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 12 February 2024 …,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 12 February 2024 and 16 February 2024  included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 12-02-2024 75 000 € 4 700 595 € 62.67 € 61.06 € 62.98 13-02-2024 80 000 € 5 021 408 € 62.77 € 62.40 € 63.12 14-02-2024 75 000 € 4 736 588 € 63.15 € 62.80 € 63.52 15-02-2024 78 000 € 4 894 133 € 62.75 € 62.08 € 63.32 16-02-2024 75 000 € 4 748 115 € 63.31 € 63.10 € 63.82Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 11 749 378 on 16 February 2024  for a total consideration of € 674 100 769.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'February', '02', '01', 'Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Total price Average price', 'share buyback programme', 'KBC Group NV', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'trading hours', 'Date No.', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '12 February', '16 February', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36445,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FREELANCE-COM-32706/news/Freelance-com-Financial-Communication-Agenda-2024-2025-45990032/,Freelance.com: Financial Communication Agenda 2024-2025 -February 20  2024 at 11:47 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Freelance.comFreelance.com: Financial Communication Agenda 2024-2025 20-Feb-2024 / 17:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this an…,"Press Release – February 20  2024Financial Communication Agenda 2024-2025Freelance.com (Euronext Growth - FR0004187367 – ALFRE)  is a leader in intermediation between companies and freelancers/SMEs  a leader in intermediation between companies and freelancers/SMEs  presents its financial communication calendar for the year 2024-2025.Publication Date 2023 Revenue Monday  February 26  2024 2023 Annual Results Monday  April 22  2024 Q1 2024 Revenue Monday  May 20  2024 2024 Annual General Meeting Friday  June 14  2024 H1 2024 Revenue Monday  August 26  2024 H1 2024 Results Monday  October 21  2024 Q3 2024 Revenue Monday  November 18  2024 2024 Annual Revenue Monday  February 24  2025All the announced dates regarding press releases are to be understood as after the closure of the Euronext markets in Paris. This calendar is communicated for informational purposes and may be subject to change.Next appointment:Publication du chiffre d’affaires annuel 2023 le lundi 26 février 2024  après clôture des marchés d’EuronextAbout Freelance.com GroupPositioned at the heart of the labor market transformation  Freelance.com is a European leader in Talent as a Service (TAAS) solutions  aimed at connecting large enterprises with their external talents. The group offers a comprehensive range of services: expertise sourcing  project management  commercial umbrella services  payroll umbrella services  and compliance management. Freelance.com relies on a community of over 150 000 (106 000 in France) qualified consultants and experts  working as freelancers or within highly specialized SMEs  having delivered a total of more than 12 500 services in 2022. With 350 employees and a revenue of €800.2 million in 2022 (€820.7 million in GMV)  and a presence in France and internationally (Germany  England  Morocco  Switzerland)  Freelance.com is a leading player in the ""Future of Work "" recognized as one of the ""Growth Champions 2023"" by Les Echos.Label: FREELANCE.COMISIN Code: FR0004187367Mnemonic Code: ALFRENumber of shares comprising the share capital: 56 535 254",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Communication Agenda', 'Freelance', 'February', '11:47', 'Financial Communication Agenda', 'lundi 26 février', 'labor market transformation', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'financial communication calendar', 'commercial umbrella services', 'payroll umbrella services', 'Freelance.com Group', '2023 Annual Results', 'Press Release', 'H1 2024 Results', '2024 Annual Revenue', 'informational purposes', 'Next appointment', 'clôture', 'marchés', 'TAAS) solutions', 'large enterprises', 'external talents', 'comprehensive range', 'expertise sourcing', 'project management', 'compliance management', 'qualified consultants', 'specialized SMEs', 'leading player', 'Growth Champions', 'Les Echos', 'ISIN Code', 'Mnemonic Code', 'share capital', 'Euronext Growth', 'Q1 2024 Revenue', 'H1 2024 Revenue', 'Q3 2024 Revenue', 'Euronext markets', 'Publication Date', 'European leader', '12,500 services', 'February', 'ALFRE', 'intermediation', 'companies', 'freelancers/SMEs', 'year', 'April', 'May', 'June', 'August', 'October', 'November', 'dates', 'closure', 'Paris', 'change', 'chiffre', 'affaires', 'heart', 'community', 'France', 'experts', 'total', '350 employees', 'GMV', 'presence', 'Germany', 'England', 'Morocco', 'Switzerland', 'Future', 'Work', 'Label', 'Number', 'shares']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36446,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/20/2832264/0/en/PHAXIAM-Therapeutics-announces-intention-to-voluntary-delist-American-Depositary-Shares-from-The-Nasdaq-Capital-Market.html,PHAXIAM Therapeutics announces intention to voluntary delist American Depositary Shares from The Nasdaq Capital Market,PHAXIAM Therapeutics announces intention to voluntary delist American Depositary Shares from The Nasdaq Capital Market   PHAXIAM remains listed on...,PHAXIAM Therapeutics announces intention to voluntary delist American Depositary Shares from The Nasdaq Capital MarketPHAXIAM remains listed on Euronext Paris as its primary trading marketNasdaq delisting will significantly reduce PHAXIAM’s cash utilization and enable the Company to focus its financial resources on key development and value milestonesLyon (France) and Cambridge (MA  US)  February 20  2024  at 10:05pm CET – PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Nasdaq & Euronext: PHXM)  a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for severe and resistant bacterial infections  today announced it has given formal notice to the Nasdaq Stock Market of the Company’s intention to voluntary delist its American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) representing its ordinary shares  which delisting is anticipated to be effective prior to the opening of trading on March 11  2024  at which time the ADSs will no longer trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market.Ordinary shares of PHAXIAM Therapeutics have been listed on Euronext Paris since May 2013  originally under the name ERYTECH Pharma and the ticker ERYP before changing its corporate name to PHAXIAM Therapeutics and ticker symbol to PHXM in June 2023 following the merger with Pherecydes Pharma. The Company listed the ADSs on The Nasdaq Global Select Market in November 2017 under the ticker ERYP  and subsequently transferred the listing of its ADSs to The Nasdaq Capital Market in April 2023. The ADSs trade in U.S. dollars.“Given PHAXIAM’s current stage of development  we have determined that delisting from the Nasdaq market was the wisest business and financial decision for the company. Being listed on the Nasdaq market requires significant financial and human resources to maintain proper compliance and reporting standards  which is not appropriate anymore for a company of our size. The delisting will save valuable resources and allow us to focus our optimized organization on key development programs  while maintaining our primary market presence on Euronext Paris”  said Eric Soyer  Chief Financial Officer of PHAXIAM Therapeutics.PHAXIAM Therapeutics remains listed on Euronext Paris as its primary trading market and intends to continue its disclosures in compliance with applicable French financial market regulations. PHAXIAM Therapeutics intends to file a Form 25 and  thereafter  a Form 15F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) to initiate the removal of the ADS listing and deregistration of the ADSs and underlying ordinary shares under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (“Exchange Act”)  at which time the Company’s ADSs will no longer trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market and the Company’s reporting obligations with the SEC will be suspended. The ADS delisting will have no impact on the Company’s accounting standards. The documents filed with the SEC will be available on the Company’s website: https://phaxiam.com/en/investors/.Information for ADS HoldersThe Bank of New York Mellon serves as depositary (the “Depositary”) for the Company’s ADS facility. Each ADS represents one ordinary share. PHAXIAM intends to terminate the Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement  dated May 14  2018  among the Company  the Depositary and owners and holders of ADSs (the “Deposit Agreement”) on or about May 20  2024.Under the terms of the Deposit Agreement  ADS holders will have until at least May 20  2024 to surrender ADSs for delivery of the underlying ordinary shares. If you surrender ADSs for delivery of the underlying ordinary shares  you must pay a cable fee of $17.50. To exchange ADSs for the Company’s ordinary shares  ADS holders should instruct their brokers to surrender ADSs to The Bank of New York Mellon (DTC No. 2504). In connection with this surrender  brokers should include ongoing ordinary share delivery instructions in the comments field within DTC  including information such as the name and BIC of the appropriate local bank/broker and/or appropriate delivery code  beneficiary name and account number. U.S. brokers holding ADSs on behalf of their clients  can reach out to DRSettlements@BNYMellon.com for questions regarding the conversion and settlement process.On or about May 20  2024  the Depositary may elect to sell the underlying ordinary shares. If the Depositary has sold such shares  holders of ADSs must surrender such securities in order to obtain payment of the sale proceeds of the underlying ordinary shares  net of the expenses of sale  any applicable U.S. or local taxes or government charges and a cancellation fee of up to $0.05 per ADS.To surrender American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”)  the address of the Depositary is: The Bank of New York Mellon  250 Greenwich Street  New York  New York 10286  Attention: Depositary Receipt Administration. Registered or overnight mail is the suggested method of delivering ADRs to the Depositary. For Settlement specific inquiries  please contact DRsettlements@bnymellon.com.Investors may still present ADSs to The Bank of New York Mellon. Investors will receive either the underlying ordinary shares (if those have not yet been sold by the Depositary) or the cash received by the Depositary received upon sale of underlying ordinary shares  net of fees  if those underlying ordinary shares were sold. For more information  investors should contact DRsettlements@bnymellon.com.About PHAXIAM TherapeuticsPHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacterial-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market in the United States (ticker: PHXM) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.phaxiam.comContactsPHAXIAMEric SoyerCOO & CFO+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@phaxiam.comNewCapMathilde Bohin / Dušan OrešanskýInvestor RelationsArthur RouilléMedia Relations+33 1 44 71 94 94phaxiam@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical programs  development plans  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of PHAXIAM and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond PHAXIAM's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) the inability to maintain the listing of PHAXIAM’s shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Euronext regulated market; (2) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (3) the possibility that PHAXIAM may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; and (4) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in PHAXIAM’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on March 28  2023 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28  2023 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. PHAXIAM disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in PHAXIAM’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.PHAXIAM remains listed on Euronext Paris as its primary trading marketNasdaq delisting will significantly reduce PHAXIAM’s cash utilization and enable the Company to focus its financial resources on key development and value milestonesLyon (France) and Cambridge (MA  US)  February 20  2024  at 10:05pm CET – PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Nasdaq & Euronext: PHXM)  a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for severe and resistant bacterial infections  today announced it has given formal notice to the Nasdaq Stock Market of the Company’s intention to voluntary delist its American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) representing its ordinary shares  which delisting is anticipated to be effective prior to the opening of trading on March 11  2024  at which time the ADSs will no longer trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market.Ordinary shares of PHAXIAM Therapeutics have been listed on Euronext Paris since May 2013  originally under the name ERYTECH Pharma and the ticker ERYP before changing its corporate name to PHAXIAM Therapeutics and ticker symbol to PHXM in June 2023 following the merger with Pherecydes Pharma. The Company listed the ADSs on The Nasdaq Global Select Market in November 2017 under the ticker ERYP  and subsequently transferred the listing of its ADSs to The Nasdaq Capital Market in April 2023. The ADSs trade in U.S. dollars.“Given PHAXIAM’s current stage of development  we have determined that delisting from the Nasdaq market was the wisest business and financial decision for the company. Being listed on the Nasdaq market requires significant financial and human resources to maintain proper compliance and reporting standards  which is not appropriate anymore for a company of our size. The delisting will save valuable resources and allow us to focus our optimized organization on key development programs  while maintaining our primary market presence on Euronext Paris”  said Eric Soyer  Chief Financial Officer of PHAXIAM Therapeutics.PHAXIAM Therapeutics remains listed on Euronext Paris as its primary trading market and intends to continue its disclosures in compliance with applicable French financial market regulations. PHAXIAM Therapeutics intends to file a Form 25 and  thereafter  a Form 15F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) to initiate the removal of the ADS listing and deregistration of the ADSs and underlying ordinary shares under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (“Exchange Act”)  at which time the Company’s ADSs will no longer trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market and the Company’s reporting obligations with the SEC will be suspended. The ADS delisting will have no impact on the Company’s accounting standards. The documents filed with the SEC will be available on the Company’s website: https://phaxiam.com/en/investors/.Information for ADS HoldersThe Bank of New York Mellon serves as depositary (the “Depositary”) for the Company’s ADS facility. Each ADS represents one ordinary share. PHAXIAM intends to terminate the Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement  dated May 14  2018  among the Company  the Depositary and owners and holders of ADSs (the “Deposit Agreement”) on or about May 20  2024.Under the terms of the Deposit Agreement  ADS holders will have until at least May 20  2024 to surrender ADSs for delivery of the underlying ordinary shares. If you surrender ADSs for delivery of the underlying ordinary shares  you must pay a cable fee of $17.50. To exchange ADSs for the Company’s ordinary shares  ADS holders should instruct their brokers to surrender ADSs to The Bank of New York Mellon (DTC No. 2504). In connection with this surrender  brokers should include ongoing ordinary share delivery instructions in the comments field within DTC  including information such as the name and BIC of the appropriate local bank/broker and/or appropriate delivery code  beneficiary name and account number. U.S. brokers holding ADSs on behalf of their clients  can reach out to DRSettlements@BNYMellon.com for questions regarding the conversion and settlement process.On or about May 20  2024  the Depositary may elect to sell the underlying ordinary shares. If the Depositary has sold such shares  holders of ADSs must surrender such securities in order to obtain payment of the sale proceeds of the underlying ordinary shares  net of the expenses of sale  any applicable U.S. or local taxes or government charges and a cancellation fee of up to $0.05 per ADS.To surrender American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”)  the address of the Depositary is: The Bank of New York Mellon  250 Greenwich Street  New York  New York 10286  Attention: Depositary Receipt Administration. Registered or overnight mail is the suggested method of delivering ADRs to the Depositary. For Settlement specific inquiries  please contact DRsettlements@bnymellon.com.Investors may still present ADSs to The Bank of New York Mellon. Investors will receive either the underlying ordinary shares (if those have not yet been sold by the Depositary) or the cash received by the Depositary received upon sale of underlying ordinary shares  net of fees  if those underlying ordinary shares were sold. For more information  investors should contact DRsettlements@bnymellon.com.About PHAXIAM TherapeuticsPHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacterial-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market in the United States (ticker: PHXM) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.phaxiam.comContactsPHAXIAMEric SoyerCOO & CFO+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@phaxiam.comNewCapMathilde Bohin / Dušan OrešanskýInvestor RelationsArthur RouilléMedia Relations+33 1 44 71 94 94phaxiam@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical programs  development plans  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of PHAXIAM and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond PHAXIAM's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) the inability to maintain the listing of PHAXIAM’s shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Euronext regulated market; (2) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (3) the possibility that PHAXIAM may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; and (4) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in PHAXIAM’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on March 28  2023 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28  2023 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. PHAXIAM disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in PHAXIAM’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.34,0.37,True,English,"['The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'American Depositary Shares', 'PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'intention', 'applicable French financial market regulations', 'The Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'ongoing ordinary share delivery instructions', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'applicable U.S.', 'one ordinary share', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'primary market presence', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'U.S. dollars', 'primary trading market', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'appropriate local bank/broker', 'appropriate delivery code', 'Settlement specific inquiries', 'underlying ordinary shares', 'U.S. Securities', 'New York Mellon', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Depositary Receipt Administration', 'U.S. brokers', 'key development programs', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'Nasdaq market', 'The ADS delisting', 'The Bank', 'financial resources', 'financial decision', 'significant financial', 'Nasdaq delisting', 'settlement process', 'local taxes', 'Exchange Commission', 'The ADSs', 'cash utilization', 'value milestones', '10:05pm CET', 'innovative treatments', 'formal notice', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'Pherecydes Pharma', 'current stage', 'wisest business', 'human resources', 'reporting standards', 'valuable resources', 'Eric Soyer', 'reporting obligations', 'accounting standards', 'Deposit Agreement', 'cable fee', 'comments field', 'account number', 'government charges', 'cancellation fee', '250 Greenwich Street', 'overnight mail', 'ADS facility', 'Euronext Paris', 'PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'corporate name', 'proper compliance', 'DTC No.', 'beneficiary name', 'sale proceeds', 'ADS Holders', 'ADS listing', 'ticker symbol', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'intention', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'February', 'PHXM', 'severe', 'opening', 'March', 'time', 'May', 'ERYP', 'June', 'merger', 'November', 'April', 'size', 'organization', 'disclosures', 'removal', 'deregistration', 'impact', 'documents', 'website', 'investors', 'Information', 'owners', 'terms', 'connection', 'surrender', 'BIC', 'behalf', 'clients', 'DRSettlements', 'BNYMellon', 'questions', 'conversion', 'order', 'payment', 'expenses', 'ADRs', 'address', 'Attention', 'Registered', 'method']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,globenewswire.com
36447,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIFIEDPOST-GROUP-SA-112637613/news/Unifiedpost-Group-announces-details-for-its-FY-2023-Financial-Results-Webcast-45990495/,Unifiedpost Group announces details for its FY 2023 Financial Results Webcast,(marketscreener.com) Unifiedpost Group announces details for its FY 2023 Financial Results Webcast February 20  2024. La Hulpe  Belgium – February 20  2024 - Unifiedpost Group will publish its FY 2023 Financial Results at 7:00 a.m. CET on Thursday  February 2…,Unifiedpost Group announces details for its FY 2023 Financial Results WebcastFebruary 20  2024.La Hulpe  Belgium – February 20  2024 - Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) will publish its FY 2023 Financial Results at 7:00 a.m. CET on Thursday  February 29th  2024. Management will host a webcast accessible for analysts  investors  and press on Thursday  February 29th  2024 at 10:00 a.m. CET. Please register and attend this call by clicking the link below.Link: https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=798552DF-257F-4554-B0C7-8D61CC1DB6B8Participants should use this link to register for the live webcast. A registration confirmation email containing a link to access the webcast will be sent to participants upon successful registration.A replay of the webcast will be available immediately via this link. It will also be accessible on our website: https://www.unifiedpost.com/en/investor-relations/ .ContactLaurent Marcelis+32 477 61 81 37laurent.marcelis@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. Since its founding in 2001  Unifiedpost has grown significantly  expanding to offices in 32 countries  with more than 500 million documents processed yearly  reaching over 2.000.000 SMEs and more than 2.500 Corporates across its platform today.Noteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record2022 turnover €191 million1300+ employeesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG(*) Warning about future statements: The statements contained herein may contain forecasts  future expectations  opinions and other future-oriented statements concerning the expected further performance of Unifiedpost Group on the markets in which it is active. Such future-oriented statements are based on the current insights and assumptions of management concerning future events. They naturally include known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which seem justified at the time that the statements are made but may possibly turn out to be inaccurate. The actual results  performance or events may differ essentially from the results  performance or events which are expressed or implied in such future-oriented statements. Except where required by the applicable legislation  Unifiedpost Group shall assume no obligation to update  elucidate or improve future-oriented statements in this press release in the light of new information  future events or other elements and shall not be held liable on that account. The reader is warned not to rely unduly on future-oriented statements.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.18,0.23,0.59,True,English,"['FY 2023 Financial Results Webcast', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'details', 'International M&A track record', 'social security service providers', 'Belgium Certified Swift partner', 'proven track record', 'FY 2023 Financial Results Webcast', 'financial value chain', 'registration confirmation email', 'SME business services', 'leading cloud-based platform', 'Such future-oriented statements', 'other future-oriented statements', 'financial services', 'financial processes', 'successful registration', '100% cloud-based platform', 'actual results', 'other parties', 'other factors', 'other elements', 'La Hulpe', 'seamless connections', 'one-stop-shop solutions', 'Noteworthy facts', '1300+ employees', 'Diverse portfolio', 'wide variety', 'public organisations', 'large internationals', 'payment institution', 'National Bank', 'regulated market', 'future statements', 'future expectations', 'current insights', 'unknown risks', 'applicable legislation', 'new information', 'live webcast', '500 million documents', 'Euronext Brussels', 'future events', 'press release', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'February 29th', 'Laurent Marcelis', 'Unifiedpost Payments', '7:00 a', '10:00 a', 'details', 'UPG', 'Thursday', 'Management', 'analysts', 'investors', 'call', 'link', 'onlinexperiences', 'Launch/QReg/ShowUUID', 'Participants', 'replay', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'Contact', 'Identity', 'administrative', 'real-time', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'mission', 'founding', 'offices', '32 countries', '2.000.000 SMEs', '2.500 Corporates', 'figures', '2022 turnover', 'clients', 'industries', 'banking', 'leasing', 'utilities', 'media', 'telecommunications', 'travel', 'subsidiary', 'symbol', 'Warning', 'forecasts', 'opinions', 'performance', 'markets', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'light', 'account', 'reader', 'Attachment']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36448,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CGG-4653/news/CGG-Adds-New-Southeast-Asia-Carbon-Storage-Study-to-Growing-CCUS-Library-45984506/,CGG Adds New Southeast Asia Carbon Storage Study to Growing CCUS Library,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  France – February 20  2024         CGG has announced the release of a Southeast Asia Carbon Storage Study to support and accelerate the screening process for all players in the region’s fast-growing CCUS market. This study ranks a…,Paris  France – February 20  2024CGG has announced the release of a Southeast Asia Carbon Storage Study to support and accelerate the screening process for all players in the region’s fast-growing CCUS market. This study ranks and prioritizes opportunities at large scale across 58 basins in Indonesia  Malaysia  Thailand and Vietnam  covering a total surface area of over 6 million km2  to help streamline the process for identifying the best basins and plays for potential carbon storage. The study and its associated data are available to license now.The Southeast Asia Carbon Storage Study is a new addition to CGG’s continually growing GeoVerse™ Carbon Storage portfolio which already includes studies for the North Sea and US Gulf of Mexico. Developed by experts from CGG’s Carbon Storage  Geology and Data Hub teams  the data-rich studies provide a clear and reliable assessment of storage potential based on a proprietary quantitative and qualitative criteria-based screening methodology which assesses deep subsurface features and the above-ground context.Dechun Lin  EVP Earth Data  CGG  said: “The release of this carbon storage screening study comes at a time of accelerated growth in the Southeast Asia CCUS market and will provide operators with accurate and critical subsurface information for rapid insight and decision-making. With this strategic addition to our growing portfolio of carbon storage screening studies  CGG is expanding its footprint and experience in all active CCUS hubs around the globe.”Download a brochure about CGG’s Southeast Asia Carbon Storage Study here.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['New Southeast Asia Carbon Storage Study', 'CCUS Library', 'CGG', 'Growing', 'The Southeast Asia Carbon Storage Study', 'growing GeoVerse™ Carbon Storage portfolio', 'Southeast Asia CCUS market', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'qualitative criteria-based screening methodology', 'carbon storage screening study', 'carbon storage screening studies', 'potential carbon storage', 'growing CCUS market', 'active CCUS hubs', 'total surface area', 'deep subsurface features', 'critical subsurface information', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Data Hub teams', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'EVP Earth Data', 'storage potential', 'growing portfolio', 'screening process', 'unique portfolio', 'Earth science', 'data-rich studies', 'associated data', 'data science', 'large scale', '6 million km', 'new addition', 'North Sea', 'US Gulf', 'reliable assessment', 'proprietary quantitative', 'ground context', 'Dechun Lin', 'accelerated growth', 'rapid insight', 'strategic addition', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'best basins', 'Christophe Barnini', '58 basins', 'France', 'February', 'CGG', 'release', 'players', 'region', 'opportunities', 'Indonesia', 'Malaysia', 'Thailand', 'Vietnam', 'Mexico', 'experts', 'Geology', 'clear', 'time', 'operators', 'accurate', 'decision-making', 'footprint', 'experience', 'globe', 'brochure', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'ISIN', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36449,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Lleida-net-extends-its-contract-with-LaLiga-EA-Sports-until-2027-and-hires-three-more-services-45984603/,Lleida.net extends its contract with LaLiga EA Sports until 2027 and hires three more services,(marketscreener.com) Madrid  February 20. - Listed technology services company Lleidanet has renewed its contract with LALIGA GROUP INTERNATIONAL for an additional three-year period.With the renewal  the contract is extended to three new digital identity serv…,"Madrid  February 20. - Listed technology services company Lleidanet (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has renewed its contract with LALIGA GROUP INTERNATIONAL for an additional three-year period.With the renewal  the contract is extended to three new digital identity services.Under the agreement  Lleida.net will issue Legal Representative Qualified Digital Certificates through video-identification.It will also manage signature certificates thanks to the PKI TOOLS CS tool  owned by the listed company  and will be integrated with LaLiga's management and auditing systems.Lleida.net and LaLiga signed their first contract in 2020  when they agreed on the provision  by the technology company  of the registered email service to certify the communications of the sports entity in terms of audiovisual rights  worldwide.Sisco Sapena  Lleida.net's CEO  explained that ""the fact that the world's leading soccer institution continues to trust us is a clear example that demonstrates the reliability of our technology  but even more so is its expansion of digital identity services"".""We have once again demonstrated our ability to meet the requirements of customers with top-level technological needs "" he added.Lleida.net is one of the leading European companies in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting sector.It has received more than 300 patents from more than 60 countries internationally  and has one of the strongest intellectual property portfolios in the industry.The company  whose technology is marketed in more than 50 countries  provides services to credit institutions  telecommunications companies and insurance companies  among others.Lleida.net  founded in 1995  first went public in Madrid in 2015. It subsequently executed a dual listing on Euronext Growth Paris in 2018 and on OTC Markets in New York in 2020. Its securities are also listed on the Frankfurt and Stuttgart stock exchanges.SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTThis press release contains statements regarding the future of the company and its innovations. Statements regarding the future may be accompanied by words such as ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""wait""  ""anticipate""  ""pretend""  ""power""  ""plan""  ""potential""  the use of future time and other terms of similar meaning. No undue reliance should be placed on these claims. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements  including uncertainty of the company's commercial success  ability to protect our intellectual property rights  and other risks. These statements are based on current beliefs and forecasts and refer only to the date of this press release. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update its forward-looking statements  regardless of whether new information  future events or any other circumstance arise.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['LaLiga EA Sports', 'Lleida.net', 'contract', 'three', 'services', 'Legal Representative Qualified Digital Certificates', 'three new digital identity services', 'PKI TOOLS CS tool', 'strongest intellectual property portfolios', 'Listed technology services company', 'intellectual property rights', 'additional three-year period', 'leading soccer institution', 'top-level technological needs', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Stuttgart stock exchanges', 'SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT', 'leading European companies', 'LALIGA GROUP INTERNATIONAL', 'signature certificates', 'New York', 'new information', 'audiovisual rights', 'telecommunications companies', 'insurance companies', 'Lleida.net', 'auditing systems', 'email service', 'sports entity', 'Sisco Sapena', 'clear example', 'contracting sector', 'credit institutions', 'dual listing', 'OTC Markets', 'press release', 'similar meaning', 'undue reliance', 'actual results', 'commercial success', 'current beliefs', 'other circumstance', 'technology company', 'future time', 'other terms', 'other risks', 'future events', 'first contract', 'forward-looking statements', 'Madrid', 'February', 'Lleidanet', 'BME', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'OTCQX', 'LLEIF', 'renewal', 'agreement', 'video-identification', 'management', 'provision', 'CEO', 'fact', 'world', 'reliability', 'expansion', 'requirements', 'customers', 'notification', '300 patents', '60 countries', 'industry', '50 countries', 'others', 'securities', 'Frankfurt', 'innovations', 'words', 'power', 'plan', 'use', 'claims', 'uncertainties', 'uncertainty', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation']",2027-02-21,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36450,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ION-BEAM-APPLICATIONS-SA-6002/news/IBA-Transparency-Notification-45990135/,IBA – Transparency Notification,(marketscreener.com)   Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  February 20  2024 06:00 Summary of the notification IBA   the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  announces that it has to issue a transparency notification  in ac…,(Article 14  paragraph 1 of the law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major holdings)Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  February 20  2024 06:00Summary of the notificationIBA (Ion Beam Applications)  the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  announces that it has to issue a transparency notification  in accordance with Article 14  al. 1 of the Transparency Law of May 2  2007 on disclosure of major holdings  further to the notification received on February 14  2024.In its notification  NORGES BANK indicated that following an acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rights  its total participation in IBA SA crossed the statutory threshold of 1% downwards on 13/02/2024.Content of the notificationReason for the notification: Acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rightsDownward crossing of the lowest thresholdNotification by: A person notifying alonePersons subject to the notification requirement:Date on which the threshold is crossed: 13/02/2024Threshold crossed (in %) : 1%Denominator : 40.595.290Notified details: (extract of the received notification form)Additional informationNorges Bank is the central bank of Norway. As part of its central bank activities  Norges Bank manages Norway's foreign exchange reservesand is responsible for management of the Norwegian Government Pension Fund Global (GPFG). The formal responsibility for managementof the GPFG is placed with the Ministry of Finance  but is delegated to Norges Bank. All investments are executed by Norges Bank acting asprincipal and all holdings are registered in the name of Norges Bank.About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2.000 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comFor further information  please contact:Valérie Van ImpeParalegal+32479267809legal@iba-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.46,0.52,True,English,"['Transparency Notification', 'IBA', 'Norwegian Government Pension Fund Global', 'Valérie Van Impe Paralegal', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'foreign exchange reservesand', 'particle accelerator technology', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'proton therapy solutions', 'central bank activities', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'radiation therapy', 'NORGES BANK', 'leading provider', 'voting securities', 'voting rights', 'total participation', 'Downward crossing', 'Notified details', 'formal responsibility', 'leading supplier', 'advanced form', 'leading player', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'major holdings', 'Additional information', 'More information', 'Transparency Law', 'statutory threshold', 'lowest threshold', 'world leader', 'transparency notification', 'notification Reason', 'notification requirement', 'notification form', 'IBA SA', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'February', 'Summary', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'accordance', 'al.', 'acquisition', 'disposal', '1% downwards', '13/02', 'Content', 'person', 'Date', 'Denominator', 'extract', 'Norway', 'management', 'GPFG', 'Ministry', 'Finance', 'investments', 'asprincipal', 'name', 'company', 'equipment', 'services', 'field', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2.000 people', 'social', 'EURONEXT', 'BB', 'group', 'Attachment']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36451,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DBV-TECHNOLOGIES-10189744/news/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-AAAAI-2024-Congress-45991452/,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2024 Congress,(marketscreener.com) Montrouge  France  February 20 2024 DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2024 Congress DBV Technologies   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on treatments for food allergies  today announced two presentations …,Montrouge  France  February 20 2024DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI 2024 CongressDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 –NASDAQ: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on treatments for food allergies  today announced two presentations at the American Academy of Allergy  Asthma  and Immunology (AAAAI) Annual Meeting  February 23-26 in Washington  D.C.A poster presentation by David Fleischer  M.D. of Children’s Hospital Colorado will describe the long-term (five-year) safety results of epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT) with Viaskin™ Peanut in peanut-allergic children aged 4-11 years in the PEOPLE (PEPITES Open-Label Extension) Phase 3 study.An oral presentation  in collaboration with Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and Beckman Coulter Life Sciences  will describe how the immune modifying effects of Viaskin Peanut treatment over time were characterized in toddlers using a streamlined  novel approach to basophil activation testing (BAT) during the multicenter Phase 3 EPITOPE trial of in children aged 1-3 years.DBV is sponsoring a non-CME Product Theater titled “Importance of Early Intervention for Peanut Allergy.” Professors Hugh Sampson  M.D. and Julie Wang  M.D.  of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai  and David Fleischer  M.D.  of Children’s Hospital Colorado  will discuss the clinical benefits of early treatment initiation for peanut allergy through case-based learning. The panelists will also address how they navigate the shared decision-making process with families soon after a peanut allergy diagnosis  including factors related to clinical trial participation  such as eligibility and understanding barriers to enrollment. The Product Theater is scheduled for Saturday  February 24  from 10:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. EST in the Walter E. Washington Convention Center  Level 2  Hall D.DBV is proud to sponsor the AAAAI Fellows-in-Training (FIT) Program reception on Friday  February 23. The private reception welcomes current allergy/immunology Fellows-in-Training.DBV will host a booth (#567) in the AAAAI exhibit hall where attendees can learn more about epicutaneous immunotherapy with Viaskin  including our ongoing clinical trials in peanut-allergic children.“The five-year safety data from our PEOPLE open-label extension study of Viaskin Peanut in children aged 4-11 years demonstrate that the long-term safety profile of Viaskin Peanut 250 μg is consistent with safety results observed in shorter (one-year  three-years) treatment periods ” said Pharis Mohideen  M.D. Chief Medical Officer at DBV Technologies.“At DBV  we look forward to a day when allergists and families of children with peanut allergy have multiple approved treatment options and together decide on the best therapy for each child’s situation ” continued Dr. Mohideen. “DBV  is committed to generating robust  long-term safety data with Viaskin Peanut to aid in future shared decision-making. To that end  our ongoing clinical programs evaluating Viaskin Peanut in children ages 4-7 and toddlers ages 1-3 will each comprise approximately 600 patients in the active treatment arms.”“As part of a collaboration with Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and Beckman Coulter Life Sciences  basophil activation testing  a blood test also known as BAT  was conducted on over 100 Viaskin Peanut participants aged 1-3 years  who were enrolled in DBV’s Phase 3 EPITOPE trial ” continued Dr. Mohideen. “This novel form of BAT  streamlined by Beckman Coulter to be more easily implemented at clinical sites  was used to help understand the immune modifying effects of epicutaneous immunotherapy over time. This could help advance our understanding of BAT as a potential treatment monitoring tool.”DBV Abstract Details:Oral Abstract Presentation“A Streamlined Approach to Basophil Activation Testing for Longitudinal Characterization of Toddlers with Peanut Allergy During a Multi-Site Phase 3 Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Trial of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy (EPIT)” will be presented by Dr. Jean-Marc Busnel (Beckman Coulter)Presentation date: Saturday  February 24  2024Presentation time: 2:15 p.m. – 2:25 p.m. ETPresentation location: Convention Center  Level 3  Ballroom BPoster Presentation“Long-term Safety Results of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy (EPIT) with Viaskin Peanut in Peanut-Allergic Children Aged 4-11 Years in the Phase 3 PEOPLE Study” will be presented by Dr. David Fleischer  Associate Professor of Pediatrics at Children’s Hospital Colorado.Poster number: 379Session title: Treatment and Management of IgE-mediated Food AllergyPresentation date: Saturday  February 24  2024Presentation time: 9:45 a.m. – 10:45 a.m. ETPresentation location: Convention Center  Level 2  Hall DAbout DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut and EPIT™ and DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  and the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or project herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth herein can be found in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologieskatie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAurora KrauseDBV Technologiesaurora.krause-ext@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,positive,0.62,0.37,0.01,True,English,"['Upcoming AAAAI 2024 Congress', 'DBV Technologies', 'shorter (one-year, three-years) treatment periods', 'Multi-Site Phase 3 Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Trial', 'M.D. Chief Medical Officer', 'Walter E. Washington Convention Center', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'multiple approved treatment options', 'potential treatment monitoring tool', 'multicenter Phase 3 EPITOPE trial', 'robust, long-term safety data', 'Beckman Coulter Life Sciences', 'long-term (five-year) safety results', 'PEOPLE open-label extension study', 'five-year safety data', 'PEPITES Open-Label Extension', 'long-term safety profile', 'Long-term Safety Results', 'broad potential applications', 'clinical trial participation', 'Phase 3 PEOPLE Study', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'immune modifying effects', 'basophil activation testing', 'CME Product Theater', 'Professors Hugh Sampson', 'The Product Theater', 'early treatment initiation', 'active treatment arms', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'ongoing clinical programs', 'streamlined, novel approach', 'FIT) Program reception', 'current allergy/immunology Fellows', 'future shared decision-making', 'Dr. Jean-Marc Busnel', 'Upcoming AAAAI 2024 Congress', 'DBV Abstract Details', 'IgE-mediated Food Allergy', 'Oral Abstract Presentation', 'Viaskin Peanut treatment', 'AAAAI exhibit hall', 'A Streamlined Approach', 'peanut allergy diagnosis', 'Viaskin Peanut 250 μg', '100 Viaskin Peanut participants', 'Dr. David Fleischer', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'Phase 3 study', 'AAAAI Fellows', 'Hall D.', 'oral presentation', 'clinical benefits', 'clinical sites', 'food allergies', 'Early Intervention', 'decision-making process', 'private reception', 'Dr. Mohideen', 'novel form', 'active compounds', 'D.C.', 'Viaskin™ Peanut', 'poster presentation', 'Presentation date', 'Presentation location', 'two presentations', 'American Academy', 'Annual Meeting', '4-11 years', 'Icahn School', 'Mount Sinai', '1-3 years', 'Julie Wang', 'case-based learning', 'Pharis Mohideen', 'best therapy', 'blood test', 'Longitudinal Characterization', 'Ballroom B', 'Associate Professor', 'Poster number', 'Session title', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'DBV Technologies.', 'Presentation time', 'peanut-allergic children', 'children ages', 'toddlers ages', '10:00 a', '9:45 a', '10:45 a', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'February', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'NASDAQ', 'DBVT', 'treatments', 'Asthma', 'Hospital', 'Colorado', 'collaboration', 'Medicine', 'BAT', 'Importance', 'panelists', 'families', 'factors', 'eligibility', 'barriers', 'enrollment', 'Saturday', 'Level', 'Training', 'Friday', 'booth', 'attendees', 'allergists', 'situation', '600 patients', 'understanding', 'Pediatrics', 'Management', 'EPIT™', '10:30', '2:15', '2:25']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36452,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/20/deutsche-bank-ag-sells-2456-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Deutsche Bank AG Sells 2 456 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Deutsche Bank AG reduced its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.1% during the third quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 117 347 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2…,Deutsche Bank AG reduced its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.1% during the third quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 117 347 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2 456 shares during the period. Deutsche Bank AG’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $16 627 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in RSP. Morgan Stanley increased its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 11.1% during the fourth quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 14 772 231 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2 086 578 000 after buying an additional 1 474 149 shares during the period. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC increased its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 104 839.6% in the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 7 956 524 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 123 859 000 after purchasing an additional 7 948 942 shares during the period. Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter worth $1 070 525 000. UBS Group AG grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 17.4% in the third quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 5 948 672 shares of the company’s stock worth $842 867 000 after purchasing an additional 880 506 shares during the last quarter. Finally  JPMorgan Chase & Co. grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 276.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3 980 639 shares of the company’s stock worth $595 663 000 after purchasing an additional 2 923 907 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceNYSEARCA RSP opened at $160.03 on Tuesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $45.24 billion  a PE ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 1 year low of $133.34 and a 1 year high of $161.09. The business’s 50-day moving average is $157.08 and its 200 day moving average is $149.09.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Deutsche Bank AG', '2,456 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'UBS Group AG', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'recent 13F filing', 'other hedge funds', 'other institutional investors', '50-day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'latest 13F filings', 'recent SEC filing', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'third quarter', 'Morgan Stanley', 'fourth quarter', 'second quarter', 'last quarter', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Stories', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'NYSEARCA RSP', '1 year low', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'new position', 'additional 1,474,149 shares', 'additional 7,948,942 shares', 'additional 880,506 shares', 'additional 2,923,907 shares', '117,347 shares', '2,456 shares', '14,772,231 shares', '7,956,524 shares', '5,948,672 shares', '3,980,639 shares', 'firm', 'stock', 'period', 'number', 'stakes', 'Co.', 'Tuesday', 'beta', 'business', 'transportation', 'HoldingsChannel']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,etfdailynews.com
36453,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/20/2831501/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5052 £ 24.5708 Estimated MTD return -0.81 % -0.75 % Estimated YTD return -0.16 % 0.00 % Estimated ITD return 175.05 % 145.71 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.65 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.50 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.0411 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.7466The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,globenewswire.com
36454,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Press-release-European-Commission-green-lights-Orange-and-MASMOVIL-Joint-Venture-paving-the-way-fo-45990717/,Press release: European Commission green lights Orange and MASMOVIL Joint Venture  paving the way for a single  stronger operator in Spain -February 20  2024 at 01:58 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)         Press ReleaseParis and Madrid  20 February 2024 European Commission green lights Orange and MASMOVIL Joint Venture  paving the way for a single  stronger operator in Spain This favourable decision takes into account the specificit…,"Press ReleaseParis and Madrid  20 February 2024European Commission green lights Orange and MASMOVIL Joint Venture  paving the way for a single  stronger operator in SpainThis favourable decision takes into account the specificities of the highly competitive Spanish market  with balanced remedies in favour of an already existing player.Orange and MASMOVIL plan to complete the transaction by end Q1 2024.This deal paves the way for the creation of a joint company that combines the forces of Orange and MASMOVIL into a single  stronger operator focussed on customer satisfaction and positive impact  with the scale to invest in 5G and fiber  benefiting the market  consumers and businesses across Spain.Orange and MASMOVIL have today received clearance from the European Commission to combine their operations in Spain1. As previously stated on July 23rd 2022  the combined activities of Orange Spain and MASMOVIL will take the form of a 50-50 joint venture  co-controlled by Orange and MASMOVIL (LORCA JVCO)  with equal governance rights in the combined entity.This Joint Venture between MASMOVIL and Orange will create a leading operator of the Spanish market in terms of customers  user experience  talent  fiber and mobile coverage and a sustainable player with the financial capacity to continue investing in the development of a leading telecom infrastructure in Spain.Both parties would convert into a leading operator  bringing together the assets  capabilities and teams of the two companies in Spain to serve +7.3M fixed customers  +30M mobile services and +2.2M TV customers2. The Joint Venture would manage important network and IT assets to assure a nationwide coverage both in FTTH as well as 4G/5G. In financial terms  the combined entity would become a stronger and solid market player with estimated revenues of above €7.4 billion and EBITDAaL of over €2.3 billion  with an enterprise value of €18.6 billion and expected synergies of more than €450m per year (from year four post-closing).As part of its proposed package of remedies  the parties have agreed to divest to Digi as remedy taker 60MHz of spectrum assets (pending approval from the Spanish Government) and to propose an optional national roaming agreement at market conditions.Christel Heydemann  CEO of Orange  commented: “Today’s announcement is a crucial moment for the future development of the Group in Europe. Our proposed Joint Venture with MASMOVIL will create a single  stronger  and more sustainable player in Spain. By joining forces  we can scale  we can innovate  and we can drive investment in Spain for the benefit of consumers and businesses.”Meinrad Spenger  CEO of MASMOVIL  commented: “All good things are worth waiting for! We are thrilled to assume a relevant role in the Spanish telecommunication sector. Our exceptional team is committed to forming a unified and distinctive company capable of delivering positive impact and providing a trustful service to the most satisfied clients in Spain.”Until all closing conditions are satisfied  which is expected by the end of this first quarter in 2024  the two companies will continue to operate independently.About MASMOVIL GroupMASMOVIL Group is one of the most outstanding operators in Spain in terms of growth over the last few years and offers fiber  mobile  TV  and other new services such as energy  health  alarms  or financial services  for residential customers  businesses  and operators.The Group offers its customers access to the largest FTTH coverage in Spain with more than 29 million marketable households and 3G  4G and 5G mobile networks to 98.5% of the Spanish population thanks to its hybrid strategy combining its own and third parties infrastructures.MASMOVIL has also launched its 5G services  which are already available in more than 2 200 cities in Spain. The Group has close to 16M customers by the end of the first nine months of 2023.Grupo MASMOVIL has been awarded on several occasions as the best broadband and fibre optic operator.MASMOVIL has achieved net zero carbon emissions for scopes 1 and 2 in 2020 and in 2021 -including the Euskaltel Group in the calculation-  positioning it as the first telecommunications operator in Europe to achieve such an achievement and the one with the lowest absolute residual level of emissions. It is the first telecommunications operator in Europe to become a B Corp company and has a strong commitment to creating a positive environmental and social impact.MASMOVIL Group is also leading sustainability and ESG in Spain achieving 5 ESG ratings in a short period of time with very high standings from prestigious organizations as S&P  Morning Star Sustainalytics  Sustainable Fitch  CDP and Clarity.MASMOVIL is participated by Cinven  KKR and Providence Equity Partners since November 2020.Follow us:MASMOVIL Group website: https://www.grupomasmovil.com/Twitter: https://twitter.com/grupomasmovilAbout OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 44.1 billion euros in 2023 and 137 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 73 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 298 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 254 million mobile customers and 25 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Orange press contacts:Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.comVanessa Clarke; vanessa.clarke@orange.com1 The contemplated transaction does not include notably TOTEM Spain and MASMOVIL Portugal2 Mobile services in Spain includes prepaid  contract and mobile broadband voice and data packagesAttachment",neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['European Commission green lights', 'MASMOVIL Joint Venture', 'single, stronger operator', 'Press release', 'Orange', 'way', 'Spain', 'February', '01:58', 'optional national roaming agreement', 'net zero carbon emissions', 'European Commission green lights', 'equal governance rights', '29 million marketable households', 'absolute residual level', 'Morning Star Sustainalytics', 'Providence Equity Partners', 'first nine months', 'fibre optic operator', 'leading telecom infrastructure', 'other new services', 'first telecommunications operator', 'Spanish telecommunication sector', 'B Corp company', '50-50 joint venture', 'single, stronger operator', '+7.3M fixed customers', '+30M mobile services', 'third parties infrastructures', 'competitive Spanish market', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'solid market player', 'The Joint Venture', 'largest FTTH coverage', '5G mobile networks', '+2.2M TV customers', 'MASMOVIL Joint Venture', 'MASMOVIL Group website', 'leading operator', 'joint company', 'first quarter', 'mobile coverage', 'financial services', '5G services', 'Spanish Government', 'Spanish population', 'nationwide coverage', 'distinctive company', 'The Group', 'existing player', 'sustainable player', 'market conditions', 'Press Release', 'favourable decision', 'customer satisfaction', 'positive impact', 'July 23rd', 'combined activities', 'LORCA JVCO', 'combined entity', 'user experience', 'financial capacity', 'two companies', 'important network', 'enterprise value', 'Christel Heydemann', 'crucial moment', 'Meinrad Spenger', 'good things', 'relevant role', 'exceptional team', 'trustful service', 'satisfied clients', 'closing conditions', 'outstanding operators', 'residential customers', '3G, 4G', 'hybrid strategy', '16M customers', 'several occasions', 'best broadband', 'Euskaltel Group', 'strong commitment', 'positive environmental', 'social impact', 'short period', 'high standings', 'prestigious organizations', 'S&P', 'Sustainable Fitch', '44.1 billion euros', 'IT assets', 'spectrum assets', 'MASMOVIL plan', 'Grupo MASMOVIL', 'balanced remedies', 'future development', '5 ESG ratings', 'financial terms', 'Orange Spain', 'Paris', 'Madrid', 'way', 'account', 'specificities', 'transaction', 'end', 'Q1', 'deal', 'creation', 'forces', 'scale', 'fiber', 'consumers', 'businesses', 'clearance', 'operations', 'form', 'talent', 'capabilities', 'teams', '4G/5G', 'revenues', 'EBITDAaL', 'synergies', 'year', 'package', 'Digi', 'remedy', 'taker', '60MHz', 'approval', 'CEO', 'announcement', 'investment', 'benefit', 'unified', 'growth', 'last', 'energy', 'health', 'alarms', 'access', '2,200 cities', 'scopes', 'calculation', 'achievement', 'lowest', 'sustainability', 'time', 'CDP', 'Clarity', 'Cinven', 'KKR', 'November', 'grupomasmovil', 'Twitter', 'world', '137,000 employees', '2023']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36455,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/20/2832197/0/en/Press-release-European-Commission-green-lights-Orange-and-MASMOVIL-Joint-Venture-paving-the-way-for-a-single-stronger-operator-in-Spain.html,Press release: European Commission green lights Orange and MASMOVIL Joint Venture  paving the way for a single  stronger operator in Spain,Press ReleaseParis and Madrid  20 February 2024  European Commission green lights Orange and MASMOVIL Joint Venture  paving the way for a...,"Press ReleaseParis and Madrid  20 February 2024European Commission green lights Orange and MASMOVIL Joint Venture  paving the way for a single  stronger operator in SpainThis favourable decision takes into account the specificities of the highly competitive Spanish market  with balanced remedies in favour of an already existing player.Orange and MASMOVIL plan to complete the transaction by end Q1 2024.This deal paves the way for the creation of a joint company that combines the forces of Orange and MASMOVIL into a single  stronger operator focussed on customer satisfaction and positive impact  with the scale to invest in 5G and fiber  benefiting the market  consumers and businesses across Spain.Orange and MASMOVIL have today received clearance from the European Commission to combine their operations in Spain1. As previously stated on July 23rd 2022  the combined activities of Orange Spain and MASMOVIL will take the form of a 50-50 joint venture  co-controlled by Orange and MASMOVIL (LORCA JVCO)  with equal governance rights in the combined entity.This Joint Venture between MASMOVIL and Orange will create a leading operator of the Spanish market in terms of customers  user experience  talent  fiber and mobile coverage and a sustainable player with the financial capacity to continue investing in the development of a leading telecom infrastructure in Spain.Both parties would convert into a leading operator  bringing together the assets  capabilities and teams of the two companies in Spain to serve +7.3M fixed customers  +30M mobile services and +2.2M TV customers2. The Joint Venture would manage important network and IT assets to assure a nationwide coverage both in FTTH as well as 4G/5G. In financial terms  the combined entity would become a stronger and solid market player with estimated revenues of above €7.4 billion and EBITDAaL of over €2.3 billion  with an enterprise value of €18.6 billion and expected synergies of more than €450m per year (from year four post-closing).As part of its proposed package of remedies  the parties have agreed to divest to Digi as remedy taker 60MHz of spectrum assets (pending approval from the Spanish Government) and to propose an optional national roaming agreement at market conditions.Christel Heydemann  CEO of Orange  commented: “Today’s announcement is a crucial moment for the future development of the Group in Europe. Our proposed Joint Venture with MASMOVIL will create a single  stronger  and more sustainable player in Spain. By joining forces  we can scale  we can innovate  and we can drive investment in Spain for the benefit of consumers and businesses.”Meinrad Spenger  CEO of MASMOVIL  commented: “All good things are worth waiting for! We are thrilled to assume a relevant role in the Spanish telecommunication sector. Our exceptional team is committed to forming a unified and distinctive company capable of delivering positive impact and providing a trustful service to the most satisfied clients in Spain.”Until all closing conditions are satisfied  which is expected by the end of this first quarter in 2024  the two companies will continue to operate independently.About MASMOVIL GroupMASMOVIL Group is one of the most outstanding operators in Spain in terms of growth over the last few years and offers fiber  mobile  TV  and other new services such as energy  health  alarms  or financial services  for residential customers  businesses  and operators.The Group offers its customers access to the largest FTTH coverage in Spain with more than 29 million marketable households and 3G  4G and 5G mobile networks to 98.5% of the Spanish population thanks to its hybrid strategy combining its own and third parties infrastructures.MASMOVIL has also launched its 5G services  which are already available in more than 2 200 cities in Spain. The Group has close to 16M customers by the end of the first nine months of 2023.Grupo MASMOVIL has been awarded on several occasions as the best broadband and fibre optic operator.MASMOVIL has achieved net zero carbon emissions for scopes 1 and 2 in 2020 and in 2021 -including the Euskaltel Group in the calculation-  positioning it as the first telecommunications operator in Europe to achieve such an achievement and the one with the lowest absolute residual level of emissions. It is the first telecommunications operator in Europe to become a B Corp company and has a strong commitment to creating a positive environmental and social impact.MASMOVIL Group is also leading sustainability and ESG in Spain achieving 5 ESG ratings in a short period of time with very high standings from prestigious organizations as S&P  Morning Star Sustainalytics  Sustainable Fitch  CDP and Clarity.MASMOVIL is participated by Cinven  KKR and Providence Equity Partners since November 2020.Follow us:MASMOVIL Group website: https://www.grupomasmovil.com/Twitter: https://twitter.com/grupomasmovilAbout OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 44.1 billion euros in 2023 and 137 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 73 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 298 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 254 million mobile customers and 25 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Orange press contacts:Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.comVanessa Clarke; vanessa.clarke@orange.com1 The contemplated transaction does not include notably TOTEM Spain and MASMOVIL Portugal2 Mobile services in Spain includes prepaid  contract and mobile broadband voice and data packagesAttachment",neutral,0.18,0.8,0.02,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['European Commission green lights', 'MASMOVIL Joint Venture', 'single, stronger operator', 'Press release', 'Orange', 'way', 'Spain', 'optional national roaming agreement', 'net zero carbon emissions', 'European Commission green lights', 'equal governance rights', '29 million marketable households', 'absolute residual level', 'Morning Star Sustainalytics', 'Providence Equity Partners', 'first nine months', 'fibre optic operator', 'leading telecom infrastructure', 'other new services', 'first telecommunications operator', 'Spanish telecommunication sector', 'B Corp company', '50-50 joint venture', 'single, stronger operator', '+7.3M fixed customers', '+30M mobile services', 'third parties infrastructures', 'competitive Spanish market', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'solid market player', 'The Joint Venture', 'largest FTTH coverage', '5G mobile networks', '+2.2M TV customers', 'MASMOVIL Joint Venture', 'MASMOVIL Group website', 'leading operator', 'joint company', 'first quarter', 'mobile coverage', 'financial services', '5G services', 'Spanish Government', 'Spanish population', 'nationwide coverage', 'distinctive company', 'The Group', 'existing player', 'sustainable player', 'market conditions', 'Press Release', 'favourable decision', 'customer satisfaction', 'positive impact', 'July 23rd', 'combined activities', 'LORCA JVCO', 'combined entity', 'user experience', 'financial capacity', 'two companies', 'important network', 'enterprise value', 'Christel Heydemann', 'crucial moment', 'Meinrad Spenger', 'good things', 'relevant role', 'exceptional team', 'trustful service', 'satisfied clients', 'closing conditions', 'outstanding operators', 'residential customers', '3G, 4G', 'hybrid strategy', '16M customers', 'several occasions', 'best broadband', 'Euskaltel Group', 'strong commitment', 'positive environmental', 'social impact', 'short period', 'high standings', 'prestigious organizations', 'S&P', 'Sustainable Fitch', '44.1 billion euros', 'IT assets', 'spectrum assets', 'MASMOVIL plan', 'Grupo MASMOVIL', 'balanced remedies', 'future development', '5 ESG ratings', 'financial terms', 'Orange Spain', 'Paris', 'Madrid', 'way', 'account', 'specificities', 'transaction', 'end', 'Q1', 'deal', 'creation', 'forces', 'scale', 'fiber', 'consumers', 'businesses', 'clearance', 'operations', 'form', 'talent', 'capabilities', 'teams', '4G/5G', 'revenues', 'EBITDAaL', 'synergies', 'year', 'package', 'Digi', 'remedy', 'taker', '60MHz', 'approval', 'CEO', 'announcement', 'investment', 'benefit', 'unified', 'growth', 'last', 'energy', 'health', 'alarms', 'access', '2,200 cities', 'scopes', 'calculation', 'achievement', 'lowest', 'sustainability', 'time', 'CDP', 'Clarity', 'Cinven', 'KKR', 'November', 'grupomasmovil', 'Twitter', 'world', '137,000 employees', '2023']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,globenewswire.com
36456,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45984512/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -February 20  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5052 £ 24.5708 Estimated MTD return -0.81 % -0.75 % Estimated YTD return -0.16 % 0.00 % Estimated ITD return 175.05 % 145.71 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.65 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.50 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.0411 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.7466The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'February', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36457,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/20/2831502/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5052 £ 24.5708 Estimated MTD return -0.81 % -0.75 % Estimated YTD return -0.16 % 0.00 % Estimated ITD return 175.05 % 145.71 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.65 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.50 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.0411 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.7466The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,globenewswire.com
36458,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45984511/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -February 20  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5052 £ 24.5708 Estimated MTD return -0.81 % -0.75 % Estimated YTD return -0.16 % 0.00 % Estimated ITD return 175.05 % 145.71 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.65 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.50 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.0411 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.7466The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'February', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36459,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOOSTHEAT-67010417/news/Boostheat-FINAL-NEGOTIATIONS-ON-THE-DEVELOPMENT-OF-A-NEW-GENERATION-HYDROGEN-COMPRESSOR-45984776/,Boostheat : FINAL NEGOTIATIONS ON THE DEVELOPMENT OF A NEW-GENERATION HYDROGEN COMPRESSOR -February 20  2024 at 02:05 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  Vénissieux  February 20  2024 BOOSTHEAT   a French industrial and software player in the field of energy efficiency  announces that it has entered into negotiations with a French manufacturer with a view to an ambitious strategic col…,"Vénissieux  February 20  2024BOOSTHEAT (FR001400IAM7 / ALBOO)  a French industrial and software player in the field of energy efficiency  announces that it has entered into negotiations with a French manufacturer with a view to an ambitious strategic collaboration in the field of hydrogen compression.I ENHANCING THE VALUE OF COMPRESSION KNOW-HOW AND THE DESIGN OFFICEToday  BOOSTHEAT is recognized as a key player in the energy efficiency sector  whose mission is to accelerate the ecological transition by offering technologically advanced hardware and software solutions to help manufacturers design energy-efficient  environmentally-friendly products. Within its ""Thermal Compression Solutions (TCS)"" department  BOOSTHEAT combines in-house compression know-how with third-party engineering capabilities.It is against this backdrop that BOOSTHEAT has been identified to develop an innovative ionic fluid compressor  designed to meet the specific needs of the decentralized hydrogen storage market and the hydrogen refueling stations for carbon-free mobility. This development would draw on BOOSTHEAT's expertise in piston compression under extreme operating conditions.Depending on the results obtained by BOOSTHEAT in a preliminary proof-of-concept phase  the future partners are already planning to set up a joint venture to market this brand-new generation of hydrogen compressor.Under the terms of the agreement currently under final negotiation  business development initiatives will be launched in parallel with the development of the compressor pilot  whether with potential technological or industrial partnerships  or with end customers.I A TARGET MARKET OF €1.2 BILLION DRIVEN BY THE DEPLOYMENT OF HYDROGEN REFUELLING STATIONSThe aim is to establish itself on the market as a new industrial player in ionic fluid compressors. The main application is hydrogen compression  particularly at hydrogen refueling stations.The European Union  notably through its Alternative Fuels Infrastructure Regulation (AFIR)  aims to support the deployment of alternative fuel infrastructures  including hydrogen. AFIR's ambition is to reach at least 1 000 hydrogen stations on the Trans-European Road Network (TEN-T) and in major urban areas by 2030  up from around 200 in 2023.Driven by this very strong growth in the installed base  the European market for hydrogen compressors is set to follow that of storage backed by hydrogen stations  forecast to rise from 0.1 billion euros in 2022 to 1.2 billion euros in 2030  worldwide according to a study published in December 2023 by the consulting firm Roland Berger[1] .I COMPRESSION AT THE HEART OF ECONOMIC AND ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCEThe deployment of hydrogen filling stations is a major challenge  and one of the key levers is the ability of manufacturers to offer more efficient  more robust and less expensive stations. At the heart of these stations  the compressor faces the same challenges.The main technical challenges are as follows:Identify corrosion-resistant materials to prevent leaks and accidents.to prevent leaks and accidents. Develop more efficient compression technologies to reduce hydrogen compression and distribution costs.to reduce hydrogen compression and distribution costs. Develop more reliable compression technologies to limit hydrogen refueling interruptions and reduce maintenance costs.to limit hydrogen refueling interruptions and reduce maintenance costs. Reduce the cost of hydrogen compressors to accelerate their adoption.BOOSTHEAT plans to finalize the partnership agreement in the next few weeks  and to communicate regularly on the main progress of this ambitious program.* * *Find out more about BOOSTHEAT atwww.boostheat-group.comABOUT BOOSTHEATFounded in 2011  BOOSTHEAT is a player in the energy efficiency sector. The company's mission is to accelerate the energy transition by integrating its technology into energy-intensive applications. BOOSTHEAT has designed and developed a thermal compressor protected by 7 families of patents  enabling significant optimization of energy consumption to move towards a reasonable and appropriate use of resources.BOOSTHEAT is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (ISIN: FR001400IAM7).I CONTACTSACTUS finance & communication – Jérôme FABREGUETTES LEIBInvestor RelationsTel.: +33 1 53 67 36 78 / boostheat@actus.frACTUS finance & communication – Serena BONIPress RelationsTel.: +33 4 72 18 04 92 / sboni@actus.frWarning:BOOSTHEAT has set up an NRS financing arrangement with Impact Tech Turnaround Opportunities (ITTO)  which  after receiving the shares resulting from the redemption or exercise of these instruments  will not remain a shareholder in the company.The shares resulting from the redemption or exercise of the above-mentioned securities will generally be sold on the market at very short notice  which may create strong downward pressure on the share price.Shareholders may suffer a loss of their invested capital due to a significant decrease in the company's share value  as well as significant dilution due to the large number of securities issued to Impact Tech Turnaround Opportunities (ITTO).Investors are urged to exercise extreme caution before deciding to invest in the securities of a listed company that carries out such dilutive financing operations  particularly when they are carried out in succession. The company wishes to point out that this is not the first dilutive financing transaction it has undertaken.[1] Roland Berger views on H2 market development- Opportunities for Hydrogen Storage Systems in Mobility & Infrastructure-Paris December 2023This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: x3BrlpqYYpubxmtrlZubnGhqapqTlJPHmGWZnGZpaMzJb2uUnWpjm8iZZnFll2tu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84268-alboo_cp_compresseur_h_eng_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['NEW-GENERATION HYDROGEN COMPRESSOR', 'FINAL NEGOTIATIONS', 'Boostheat', 'DEVELOPMENT', 'February', '02:05', 'Jérôme FABREGUETTES LEIB', 'Impact Tech Turnaround Opportunities', 'Alternative Fuels Infrastructure Regulation', 'Serena BONI Press Relations', 'innovative ionic fluid compressor', 'decentralized hydrogen storage market', 'alternative fuel infrastructures', 'ionic fluid compressors', 'energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly products', 'third-party engineering capabilities', 'extreme operating conditions', 'Trans-European Road Network', 'efficient, more robust', 'NRS financing arrangement', 'ambitious strategic collaboration', 'major urban areas', 'less expensive stations', 'strong downward pressure', 'hydrogen refueling interruptions', 'efficient compression technologies', 'reliable compression technologies', 'energy efficiency sector', 'hydrogen refueling stations', 'HYDROGEN REFUELLING STATIONS', 'hydrogen filling stations', 'main technical challenges', 'house compression know-how', 'business development initiatives', 'new industrial player', 'Thermal Compression Solutions', 'The European Union', 'Investor Relations', '1,000 hydrogen stations', 'hydrogen compressors', 'thermal compressor', 'hydrogen compression', 'software solutions', 'strong growth', 'European market', 'major challenge', 'same challenges', 'ambitious program', 'energy transition', 'energy consumption', 'French industrial', 'industrial partnerships', 'main application', 'main progress', 'piston compression', 'compressor pilot', 'Vénissieux', 'software player', 'French manufacturer', 'DESIGN OFFICE', 'key player', 'ecological transition', 'advanced hardware', 'TCS)"" department', 'specific needs', 'carbon-free mobility', 'preliminary proof', 'concept phase', 'future partners', 'joint venture', 'brand-new generation', 'final negotiation', 'potential technological', 'end customers', 'TARGET MARKET', 'consulting firm', 'Roland Berger', 'ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE', 'key levers', 'corrosion-resistant materials', 'distribution costs', 'maintenance costs', 'energy-intensive applications', 'significant optimization', 'appropriate use', 'Euronext Growth', 'I CONTACTS', 'fr Warning', 'short notice', 'share price', 'significant decrease', 'significant dilutio', '0.1 billion euros', '1.2 billion euros', 'partnership agreement', 'ACTUS finance', 'share value', '€1.2 BILLION', 'February', 'BOOSTHEAT', 'FR001400IAM7', 'ALBOO', 'field', 'negotiations', 'view', 'mission', 'manufacturers', 'backdrop', 'expertise', 'results', 'terms', 'parallel', 'DEPLOYMENT', 'aim', 'AFIR', 'ambition', 'TEN-T', 'base', 'study', 'December', 'HEART', 'ECONOMIC', 'ability', 'leaks', 'accidents', 'adoption', 'weeks', 'group', 'ABOUT', 'company', 'technology', '7 families', 'patents', 'reasonable', 'resources', 'Paris', 'ISIN', 'communication', 'Tel.', 'sboni', 'ITTO', 'shares', 'redemption', 'exercise', 'instruments', 'shareholder', 'securities', 'loss', 'capital', '2022']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36460,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/20/qtron-investments-llc-sells-1795-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Qtron Investments LLC Sells 1 795 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Qtron Investments LLC trimmed its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 69.3% in the 3rd quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 797 shares of the real estate invest…,Qtron Investments LLC trimmed its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 69.3% in the 3rd quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 797 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 1 795 shares during the quarter. Qtron Investments LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $210 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.Other institutional investors and hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Sunbelt Securities Inc. bought a new position in Public Storage in the first quarter worth about $26 000. Focused Wealth Management Inc purchased a new position in Public Storage in the 2nd quarter valued at $29 000. ICA Group Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at $29 000. Live Oak Investment Partners acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter worth $34 000. Finally  Avior Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Public Storage by 49.5% in the 3rd quarter. Avior Wealth Management LLC now owns 145 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $38 000 after acquiring an additional 48 shares during the last quarter. 78.75% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Stock Down 1.7 %Shares of Public Storage stock opened at $281.52 on Tuesday. Public Storage has a 12-month low of $233.18 and a 12-month high of $316.48. The stock has a market capitalization of $49.50 billion  a P/E ratio of 25.80  a PEG ratio of 3.87 and a beta of 0.55. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $291.23 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $274.26. The company has a quick ratio of 0.98  a current ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54.Insider Activity at Public StorageAnalysts Set New Price TargetsIn other Public Storage news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday  December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total value of $74 775.05. Following the transaction  the insider now owns 13 021 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $3 674 135.57. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available at this link . In related news  Director John Reyes sold 50 000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday  December 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $275.98  for a total transaction of $13 799 000.00. Following the transaction  the director now directly owns 174 192 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $48 073 508.16. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which can be accessed through this hyperlink . Also  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday  December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total value of $74 775.05. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now directly owns 13 021 shares in the company  valued at $3 674 135.57. The disclosure for this sale can be found here . 10.90% of the stock is owned by company insiders.PSA has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Scotiabank started coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  February 13th. They set a “sector perform” rating and a $267.00 price objective for the company. Evercore ISI boosted their price objective on Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a research note on Monday  November 27th. Truist Financial boosted their target price on Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday  December 28th. Wells Fargo & Company lowered Public Storage from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $270.00 to $280.00 in a report on Tuesday  December 12th. Finally  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  January 30th. They set a “sell” rating and a $250.00 target price on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  five have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat  the stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $293.00.View Our Latest Analysis on Public StoragePublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Qtron Investments LLC', 'Public Storage', '1,795 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '217 million net rentable square feet', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'Avior Wealth Management LLC', 'Focused Wealth Management Inc', 'real estate investment trust', 'Live Oak Investment Partners', '50 day moving average price', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'other Public Storage news', 'Qtron Investments LLC', 'One investment analyst', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Other institutional investors', '35% common equity interest', 'recent analyst reports', 'sector perform” rating', 'equal weight” rating', 'Director John Reyes', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'New Price Targets', 'average target price', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Profile', 'Public Storage Stock', 'related news', 'average rating', '$250.00 target price', '$267.00 price objective', 'equity ratio', 'Insider Activity', 'recent filing', 'buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'total value', 'legal filing', 'Evercore ISI', 'research note', 'Truist Financial', 'Wells Fargo', 'Latest Analysis', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'new position', '3rd quarter', 'first quarter', '2nd quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'recent disclosure', 'new stake', 'Free Report', 'research report', 'hold rating', 'NYSE:PSA', '12-month low', 'United States', 'December 12th', 'total transaction', 'company insiders', 'additional 48 shares', '40 states', '797 shares', '1,795 shares', '145 shares', '265 shares', '13,021 shares', '50,000 shares', '174,192 shares', 'firm', 'holdings', 'changes', 'positions', 'Tuesday', 'beta', 'debt', 'Analysts', 'link', 'business', 'Monday', 'Wednesday', 'completion', 'sale', 'subject', 'number', 'Scotiabank', 'coverage', 'February', 'line', 'November', 'Thursday', '30th', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', 'September', 'interests']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,etfdailynews.com
36461,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/teva-reports-positive-trial-results-for-ibd-antibody-treatment-93CH-3308652,Teva reports positive trial results for IBD antibody treatment By Investing.com,Teva reports positive trial results for IBD antibody treatment,Published Feb 20  2024 09:26AM ETTEVA -0.54% Add to/Remove from WatchlistTEL AVIV  Israel & PARSIPPANY  N.J. - Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NYSE: ) Ltd. (NYSE and TASE: TEVA) has revealed encouraging safety and pharmacokinetic data from its first-in-human trials of the investigational drug anti-TL1A (TEV-™574). The drug  a human monoclonal antibody  targets TL1A  a factor involved in immune system response  and has potential uses in treating inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD)  including ulcerative colitis (UC) and Crohn's disease (CD).According to the data  anti-TL1A (TEV-™574) demonstrated rapid and sustained suppression of free TL1A  indicating effective target engagement. It also showed a favorable safety profile and was well-tolerated in patients with asthma  which supports the continuation of clinical trials for moderate-to-severe IBD. These findings are set to be presented at the European Crohn's and Colitis Organisation (ECCO) Congress in Stockholm  Sweden.Dr. Eric Hughes  Teva's Executive Vice President of Global R&D and Chief Medical Officer  stated that the results align with extensive pre-clinical evidence and support ongoing clinical investigations. Teva is currently conducting the RELIEVE UCCD Phase 2 trial  which utilizes a basket study design to include patients with either UC or CD.The Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers and patients with mild asthma  along with a Phase 2 study in patients with severe asthma  showed dose-proportional increases in drug exposure and minimal accumulation after multiple doses every two weeks. Furthermore  a prolonged decrease in free TL1A levels was observed  lasting up to two months after the last dose.On November 30  2023  Teva and Sanofi (NASDAQ: ) (EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY) announced a collaboration deal to co-develop and co-commercialize anti-TL1A (TEV-˜574) for the treatment of UC and CD. Under the agreement  Teva received an upfront payment of $500 million and is eligible for up to $1 billion in development and launch milestones  with shared development costs and profits between the companies.Inflammatory bowel diseases  which include CD and UC  affect millions worldwide and are characterized by chronic inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract. The RELIEVE UCCD trial is a 14-week study evaluating the efficacy  safety  and tolerability of anti-TL1A (TEV-™574) in adults with UC or CD  with an option for participants to enter a long-term extension phase.This report is based on a press release statement.InvestingPro InsightsIn light of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.'s (NYSE and TASE: TEVA) recent advancements in its clinical trials  investors are closely monitoring the company's performance metrics. According to real-time data from InvestingPro  Teva boasts a substantial market capitalization of 14.94B USD  reflecting its significant presence in the pharmaceutical industry. While the company has faced challenges with profitability  as indicated by a negative P/E ratio of -26.62 for the last twelve months as of Q4 2023  analysts are optimistic about Teva's future. They predict the company will be profitable this year  which is corroborated by a more favorable forward P/E ratio of 9.49.InvestingPro Tips highlight that Teva has a high shareholder yield and net income is expected to grow this year. These insights are particularly relevant as the company progresses with its anti-TL1A (TEV-™574) drug trials  potentially boosting investor confidence. Moreover  3 analysts have revised their earnings upwards for the upcoming period  signaling positive sentiment around Teva's financial prospects.Investors may also find encouragement in Teva's recent stock performance. The company has seen a strong return over the last month  with a 16.46% price total return  and an even more impressive 37.78% over the last three months. This momentum may reflect market optimism about Teva's strategic moves  including the collaboration deal with Sanofi and the potential of its investigational drug to treat IBD.For those looking to delve deeper into Teva's financial health and stock performance  additional insights are available on InvestingPro. There are currently 10 more InvestingPro Tips listed  which can provide a more comprehensive analysis of the company's investment potential. Interested readers can use the coupon code PRONEWS24 to get an additional 10% off a yearly or biyearly Pro and Pro+ subscription  unlocking access to these valuable insights.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.32,0.66,0.02,positive,0.64,0.34,0.02,True,English,"['positive trial results', 'IBD antibody treatment', 'Teva', 'Investing', 'favorable forward P/E ratio', 'RELIEVE UCCD Phase 2 trial', 'RELIEVE UCCD trial', 'Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd', 'negative P/E ratio', 'immune system response', 'inflammatory bowel diseases', 'effective target engagement', 'Dr. Eric Hughes', 'Executive Vice President', 'Global R&D', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'extensive pre-clinical evidence', 'press release statement', 'high shareholder yield', 'long-term extension phase', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'favorable safety profile', 'substantial market capitalization', 'last twelve months', '16.46% price total return', 'last three months', 'ongoing clinical investigations', 'basket study design', 'free TL1A levels', 'recent stock performance', 'TEV-™574) drug trials', 'investigational drug anti-TL1A', 'Phase 1 study', 'Phase 2 study', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'human trials', 'clinical trials', 'last dose', 'recent advancements', 'strong return', 'last month', 'market optimism', 'performance metrics', '14-week study', 'drug exposure', 'TEL AVIV', 'N.J.', 'encouraging safety', 'ulcerative colitis', 'sustained suppression', 'Colitis Organisation', 'ECCO) Congress', 'healthy volunteers', 'dose-proportional increases', 'minimal accumulation', 'multiple doses', 'prolonged decrease', 'collaboration deal', 'upfront payment', 'chronic inflammation', 'gastrointestinal tract', 'significant presence', 'net income', 'investor confidence', 'upcoming period', 'positive sentiment', 'financial prospects', 'strategic moves', 'financial health', 'comprehensive analysis', 'Interested readers', 'coupon code', 'Pro+ subscription', 'T&C.', 'valuable insights', 'pharmacokinetic data', 'potential uses', 'mild asthma', 'severe asthma', 'real-time data', 'investment potential', 'InvestingPro Tips', 'European Crohn', 'development costs', 'InvestingPro Insights', 'severe IBD', 'additional insights', 'Feb', 'Watchlist', 'Israel', 'PARSIPPANY', 'NYSE', 'TASE', 'factor', 'rapid', 'patients', 'continuation', 'moderate', 'findings', 'Stockholm', 'Sweden', 'results', 'November', 'Sanofi', 'NASDAQ', 'EURONEXT', 'SNY', 'treatment', 'agreement', 'milestones', 'profits', 'companies', 'millions', 'The', 'efficacy', 'tolerability', 'adults', 'option', 'participants', 'report', 'light', 'investors', 'company', '14.94B', 'challenges', 'profitability', 'Q4', 'analysts', 'future', 'earnings', 'encouragement', 'momentum', 'PRONEWS24', 'yearly', 'access', 'article', 'support', 'editor', 'information']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,investing.com
36462,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PERNOD-RICARD-4681/news/Leap-Year-STOLE-Our-Saturday-St-Patrick-s-Day-but-Jameson-Irish-Whiskey-Has-a-Plan-Introducing-45988587/,Leap Year STOLE Our Saturday St. Patrick's Day  but Jameson® Irish Whiskey Has a Plan: Introducing St. Patrick's Eve on March 16  hosted by Comedians Colin Jost and Michael Che -February 20  2024 at 0,(marketscreener.com) On the heels of Jameson Irish Whiskey's Must be a Jameson campaign  Jameson has created a new holiday  because a Jameson wouldn't let Leap Year get in the way of a good time.NEW YORK  Feb. 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The world has patient…,"On the heels of Jameson Irish Whiskey's Must be a Jameson campaign  Jameson has created a new holiday  because a Jameson wouldn't let Leap Year get in the way of a good time.NEW YORK  Feb. 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The world has patiently waited since 2018 for St. Patrick's Day to again fall on a Saturday  but Leap Year almost ruined everything. Who wants to wait until 2029 to celebrate properly on a Saturday? Jameson Irish Whiskey doesn't  that's for sure  which is why they've created a very made-up (but very official) new holiday: Jameson St. Patrick's Eve on Saturday  March 16. For the next month  Jameson is helping revelers prepare for the occasion  from limited-edition St. Patrick's Eve jackets to smooth cocktails to a chance to join a Jameson-ified St. Patrick's Eve countdown live in Times Square.St. Patrick's Eve brings the brand's Must be a Jameson campaign to life by creating a world that connects likeminded people who choose to see the green side of things. Nothing brings people together more than a good holiday and because every Eve celebration has top-notch hosts  Jameson has tapped comedians Colin Jost and Michael Che to help everyone ring in St. Patrick's Eve.""Our Must be a Jameson campaign honors a community anchored by their shared lighthearted spirit  so when Leap Year skipped over a Saturday St. Patrick's Day  we did exactly what a Jameson would do: we created a completely new holiday so people can start celebrating St. Patrick's Day a little early "" says Johan Radojewski  Vice President of Marketing  Jameson Irish Whiskey. ""We teamed up with Colin Jost and Michael Che to help us seize this moment and encourage everyone to embrace St. Patrick's Eve  because they're a duo who appreciates a smooth Irish Whiskey  good company and a brand-new holiday – just like any Jameson would.""Jost and Che star in a series of hilarious content depicting just how frustrating it is to have Leap Year steal a Saturday St. Patrick's Day and ultimately agreeing that Jameson St. Patrick's Eve is the perfect (only?) solution.""I don't believe in leap years "" said Jost. ""Which is why I'm several days late for every appointment. But for all you sheep who trust Big Calendar and think February 'sometimes' has an extra day  we've gotten you off the hook by inventing a new holiday  St. Patrick's Eve. And like I keep yelling at my family and therapist  'This isn't just an excuse to party on Saturday as well as Sunday. It's a real holiday.'""Michael Che is also on board  making this Jameson partnership the first joint brand deal for the close pair. ""Colin is also probably a little relieved we're going to spend a Saturday night ringing in St. Patrick's Eve with Jameson  instead of reading the jokes I write for him.""To make St. Patrick's Eve as epic as possible  Jameson is taking over Times Square on Saturday  March 16. Starting today  fans can visit JamesonSPE.com to enter for a chance to score a spot on the guest list for Jameson St. Patrick's Eve celebration in New York City  co-hosted by Jost and Che  featuring a surprise DJ performance and a can't-miss  first-of-its-kind 'rock drop' – a Jameson version of the famous Times Square ball drop – at 8 p.m. ET (aka midnight in Ireland) to mark the occasion.Jameson Irish Whiskey is one of the first brands to ever drop the Times Square Ball to celebrate a new holiday. To further spread the St. Patrick's Eve spirit from coast-to-coast  Jameson will also light up the exterior of Sphere in Las Vegas  known as the Exosphere in Jameson green; wrap the ferries and water taxis in the dyed-green Chicago River and have a complete digital takeover at L.A. Live - all marking the new holiday.Anyone 21+ can tune into the rock drop live streamed on JamesonSPE.com and for those in NYC  Jameson will have a kick-off to St. Patrick's Eve in Times Square Plaza between 43rd and 44th Streets with a live DJ  giveaways and more from 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. ET.Because a special holiday deserves an equally stylish look  Jameson is releasing limited-edition  vintage-inspired jackets at JamesonSPE.com. The design includes a hidden pocket inside the jacket to perfectly hold a Jameson hip flask that comes with the order  as well as luxe patches signature to the iconic Irish Whiskey brand. The Jameson St. Patrick's Eve jacket will retail for $150 plus tax with free shipping in the continental U.S.  and 50-jacket drops will take place weekly starting on February 20 through March 12. All proceeds will benefit the Restaurant Workers' Community Fund (RWCF)  a nonprofit dedicated to advocating for food and beverage service industry workers  continuing the brand's long-standing partnership with the organization to support its bartending community.Once plans are made and outfits are set  fans can also try the new Jameson Orange Spritz ready-to-drink cocktail to raise a toast on St. Patrick's Eve  wherever they may be. Tapping into the insight that Orange is the top-preferred flavor for whiskey drinkers  the newest flavor in the Jameson ready-to-drink cocktail lineup is the first of the reformulation  featuring a higher ABV  now at 7%.For more details about Jameson St. Patrick's Eve festivities or for St. Patrick's Eve cocktail ideas  visit JamesonSPE.com and follow @Jameson_US.TASTE RESPONSIBLY. JAMESON ® Irish Whiskey. 40% Alc./Vol. (80 Proof). Product of Ireland. ©2020 Imported by John Jameson Import Company  New York  NYABOUT PERNOD RICARD USAPernod Ricard USA is the premium spirits and wine company in the U.S.  and the largest subsidiary of Paris  France-based Pernod Ricard SA.  the world's second largest spirits and wine company. Pernod Ricard employs approximately 19 000 people worldwide  is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI) and is part of the CAC 40 index. The company's leading spirits include such prestigious brands as Absolut Vodka  Avión Tequila  Chivas Regal Scotch Whisky  The Glenlivet Single Malt Scotch Whisky  Jameson Irish Whiskey  Kahlúa Liqueur  Malibu  Martell Cognac  Olmeca Altos Tequila  Beefeater Gin  Del Maguey Single Village Mezcal  Código Tequila  Monkey 47 Gin  Seagram's Extra Dry Gin  Malfy Gin  Hiram Walker Liqueurs  Midleton Irish Whiskey  Redbreast Irish Whiskey  Aberlour Single Malt Scotch Whisky  Lillet  Jefferson's Bourbon  TX Whiskey  Skrewball Whiskey  Smooth Ambler Whiskey  Rabbit Hole Whiskey  Pernod and Ricard; such superior wines as Jacob's Creek  Kenwood Vineyards  Campo Viejo  Brancott Estate and Sainte Marguerite en Provence rosé.; and such exquisite champagnes and sparkling wines Perrier-Jouët Champagne  G.H. Mumm Champagne  Mumm Napa.Pernod Ricard USA is headquartered in New York  New York  and has more than 1 000 employees across the country. As ""creators of conviviality "" we are committed to sustainable and responsible business practices in service of our customers  consumers  employees and the planet. Pernod Ricard USA urges all adults to consume its products responsibly and has an active program to promote responsible drinking. For more information  visit: www.pernod-ricard-usa.com .Media contact:Blaine Rueber  blaine.rueber@pernod-ricard.comJennifer Glassey  JGlassey@webershandwick.comView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leap-year-stole-our-saturday-st-patricks-day-but-jameson-irish-whiskey-has-a-plan-introducing-st-patricks-eve-on-march-16-hosted-by-comedians-colin-jost-and-michael-che-302065675.htmlSOURCE Pernod Ricard USA",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.22,0.26,True,English,"['Jameson® Irish Whiskey', 'Comedians Colin Jost', 'Leap Year', 'St. Patrick', 'Michael Che', 'Saturday', 'Plan', 'Eve', 'March', 'February', 'famous Times Square ball drop', 'beverage service industry workers', ""Restaurant Workers' Community Fund"", 'first joint brand deal', 'iconic Irish Whiskey brand', 'The Jameson St. Patrick', 'new Jameson Orange Spritz', 'smooth Irish Whiskey', 'dyed-green Chicago River', 'complete digital takeover', 'Times Square Plaza', 'luxe patches signature', 'continental U.S.', 'surprise DJ performance', 'L.A. Live', 'limited-edition, vintage-inspired jackets', 'Jameson Irish Whiskey', 'Jameson hip flask', 'limited-edition St. Patrick', 'Jameson-ified St. Patrick', 'New York City', 'official) new holiday', 'Saturday St. Patrick', 'rock drop', 'first brands', 'live DJ', 'whiskey drinkers', 'bartending community', 'good holiday', 'brand-new holiday', 'real holiday', 'special holiday', 'Leap Year', 'good time', 'next month', 'green side', 'top-notch hosts', 'lighthearted spirit', 'Johan Radojewski', 'Vice President', 'good company', 'hilarious content', 'Big Calendar', 'close pair', 'guest list', 'Las Vegas', 'water taxis', '44th Streets', 'stylish look', 'hidden pocket', 'free shipping', '50-jacket drops', 'standing partnership', 'top-preferred flavor', 'newest flavor', 'Jameson campaign', 'Jameson partnership', 'Jameson version', 'Eve jackets', 'Saturday night', 'Michael Che', 'cocktail lineup', 'Eve countdown', 'Eve celebration', 'Eve spirit', 'likeminded people', 'extra day', 'Colin Jost', 'JamesonSPE.com', 'heels', 'way', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'world', 'everything', 'March', 'revelers', 'occasion', 'cocktails', 'chance', 'life', 'things', 'Nothing', 'comedians', 'everyone', 'Marketing', 'moment', 'duo', 'series', 'perfect', 'solution', 'appointment', 'sheep', 'February', 'hook', 'family', 'therapist', 'excuse', 'Sunday', 'board', 'jokes', 'fans', 'spot', 'kind', 'midnight', 'Ireland', 'coast', 'exterior', 'Sphere', 'ferries', 'Anyone', 'NYC', 'kick-off', '43rd', 'design', 'order', 'place', 'proceeds', 'RWCF', 'nonprofit', 'food', 'long', 'organization', 'plans', 'outfits', 'toast', 'insight', 'reformulation', 'higher', '8', '6', '10']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36463,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/20/2831497/0/en/argenx-Announces-FDA-Acceptance-of-Supplemental-Biologics-License-Application-with-Priority-Review-for-VYVGART-Hytrulo-in-Chronic-Inflammatory-Demyelinating-Polyneuropathy.html,argenx Announces FDA Acceptance of Supplemental Biologics License Application with Priority Review for VYVGART Hytrulo in Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy,Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date is June 21  2024  If approved  VYVGART® Hytrulo will be the first neonatal Fc receptor...,Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date is June 21  2024If approved  VYVGART® Hytrulo will be the first neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker to treat CIDPFebruary 20  2024  7:00 AM CETAmsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for priority review a supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for VYVGART Hytrulo (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc) for the treatment of chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP). The application has been granted a PDUFA target action date of June 21  2024.“Today’s announcement brings us one step closer to delivering the transformative innovation of VYVGART Hytrulo to CIDP patients ” said Luc Truyen  Chief Medical Officer of argenx. “CIDP is yet another example of an autoimmune disease that has not been well understood  and for which there has been insufficient innovation for patients. We chose to use a priority review voucher to accelerate review of our submission because CIDP patients have long been waiting for new treatment options. FDA’s acceptance of the sBLA represents an important milestone in our continued drive to bring novel treatments for rare  autoimmune diseases  and a significant step forward for people whose lives have been profoundly impacted by this devastating disease.”The sBLA is supported by data from the ADHERE study  the largest clinical trial of CIDP to date  evaluating the safety and efficacy of subcutaneously administered VYVGART Hytrulo in adults with CIDP. The study met its primary endpoint (p=0.000039)  demonstrating a 61% lower risk of relapse (HR: 0.39 95% CI: 0.25; 0.61) with VYVGART Hytrulo compared to placebo. In the open-label Stage A of the study  67% of patients showed evidence of clinical improvement (ECI) following treatment with VYVGART Hytrulo. Given the mechanism of action of VYVGART Hytrulo as an FcRn blocker  the clinical results established that IgG autoantibodies play a significant role in the underlying biology of CIDP.VYVGART Hytrulo was well-tolerated with a safety profile that is consistent with prior clinical trials and the known profile of VYVGART®. After completing ADHERE  99% of eligible patients (226/228) continued to the ADHERE-+ open-label extension study.About Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating PolyneuropathyChronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a rare and serious autoimmune disease of the peripheral nervous system. Although confirmation of disease pathophysiology is still emerging  there is increasing evidence that IgG antibodies play a key role in the damage to the peripheral nerves. People with CIDP experience fatigue  muscle weakness and a loss of feeling in their arms and legs that can get worse over time or may come and go. These symptoms can significantly impair a person's ability to function in their daily lives. Without treatment  one-third of people living with CIDP will need a wheelchair.About VYVGART® Hytrulo (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc)VYVGART Hytrulo is a subcutaneous combination of efgartigimod alfa  a human IgG1 antibody fragment marketed for intravenous use as VYVGART®  and recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme’s ENHANZE® drug delivery technology to facilitate subcutaneous injection delivery of biologics. In binding to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  VYVGART Hytrulo results in the reduction of circulating IgG. It is the first-and-only approved FcRn blocker administered by subcutaneous injection.VYVGART Hytrulo is the proprietary name in the U.S. for subcutaneous efgartigimod alfa and recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20. It may be marketed under different proprietary names following approval in other regions.See FDA-approved Important Safety Information below and full Prescribing Information for VYVGART Hytrulo for additional informationImportant Safety InformationWhat is VYVGART® HYTRULO (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc)?VYVGART HYTRULO is a prescription medicine used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONWhat is the most important information I should know about VYVGART HYTRULO?VYVGART HYTRULO may cause serious side effects  including:Infection. VYVGART HYTRULO may increase the risk of infection. The most common infections for efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on efgartigimod alfa-fcab vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and observed lower white blood cell counts were mild to moderate in severity. Your healthcare provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain. If a serious infection occurs  your doctor will treat your infection and may even stop your VYVGART HYTRULO treatment until the infection has resolved.VYVGART HYTRULO may increase the risk of infection. The most common infections for efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on efgartigimod alfa-fcab vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and observed lower white blood cell counts were mild to moderate in severity. Your healthcare provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain. If a serious infection occurs  your doctor will treat your infection and may even stop your VYVGART HYTRULO treatment until the infection has resolved. Undesirable immune reactions (hypersensitivity reactions). VYVGART HYTRULO and efgartigimod alfa-fcab can cause the immune system to have undesirable reactions such as rashes  swelling under the skin  and shortness of breath. Hives were also observed in patients treated with VYVGART HYTRULO. In clinical studies  the reactions were mild or moderate and occurred within 1 hour to 3 weeks of administration  and the reactions did not lead to VYVGART HYTRULO discontinuation. Your healthcare provider should monitor you during and after treatment and discontinue VYVGART HYTRULO if needed. Tell your healthcare provider immediately about any undesirable reactions to VYVGART HYTRULO.Before taking VYVGART HYTRULO  tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:Have a history of infection or you think you have an infection.Have received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine (immunization). Discuss with your healthcare provider whether you need to receive age-appropriate immunizations before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART HYTRULO. The use of vaccines during VYVGART HYTRULO treatment has not been studied  and the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines is unknown. Administration of live or live-attenuated vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO.Are pregnant or plan to become pregnant and are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.What are the common side effects of VYVGART HYTRULO?The most common side effects of efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients were respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection. Additional common side effects of VYVGART HYTRULO are injection site reactions  including rash  redness of the skin  itching sensation  bruising  pain  and hives.These are not all the possible side effects of VYVGART HYTRULO. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to the US Food and Drug Administration at 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART HYTRULO and talk to your doctor.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  Canada and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.ContactsMedia:Ben PetokBpetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.comForward-Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “plans ” “aims ” “believes ” “continues ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” “should ” or “commitment” and include statements argenx makes concerning our advancement towards the delivery of VYVGART Hytrulo to CIDP patients  our continued drive to bring novel treatments for rare  autoimmune diseases  and our goal of translating immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including but not limited to  the results of our PDUFA review for VYVGART Hytrulo to CIDP patients  expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with development of novel drug therapies  preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements  the acceptance of our products and product candidates by our patients as safe  effective and cost-effective  and the impact of governmental laws and regulations on our business. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.# # #,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['Supplemental Biologics License Application', 'Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy', 'FDA Acceptance', 'Priority Review', 'VYVGART Hytrulo', 'argenx', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'lower white blood cell counts', 'chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy', 'ENHANZE® drug delivery technology', 'first neonatal Fc receptor', 'ADHERE-+ open-label extension study', 'recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'FDA-approved Important Safety Information', 'PDUFA target action date', 'open-label Stage A', 'global immunology company', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'serious side effects', 'human IgG1 antibody', 'full Prescribing Information', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'largest clinical trial', 'prior clinical trials', 'peripheral nervous system', 'subcutaneous injection delivery', 'different proprietary names', 'U.S. Food', 'serious autoimmune disease', 'rare, autoimmune diseases', 'priority review voucher', 'new treatment options', 'respiratory tract infections', 'efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients', 'subcutaneous efgartigimod alfa', 'Drug Administration', 'important information', 'prescription medicine', 'lymphocyte counts', 'neutrophil counts', '61% lower risk', 'additional information', 'important milestone', 'clinical improvement', 'clinical results', 'peripheral nerves', 'subcutaneous combination', 'AChR antibody', 'urinary tract', 'devastating disease', 'disease pathophysiology', 'safety profile', '7:00 AM CET', 'transformative innovation', 'Luc Truyen', 'insufficient innovation', 'continued drive', 'novel treatments', 'significant step', 'primary endpoint', 'significant role', 'underlying biology', 'key role', 'muscle weakness', 'intravenous use', 'other regions', 'normal levels', 'healthcare provider', 'VYVGART® Hytrulo', 'VYVGART Hytrulo', 'eligible patients', 'More patients', 'FcRn) blocker', 'FcRn blocker', 'common infections', 'IgG autoantibodies', 'argenx SE', 'ADHERE study', 'increasing evidence', 'daily lives', 'IgG antibodies', 'CIDP patients', 'IgG.', 'June', 'February', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'people', 'sBLA', 'hyaluronidase-qvfc', 'announcement', 'example', 'submission', 'acceptance', 'data', 'efficacy', 'adults', 'relapse', 'placebo', 'ECI', 'mechanism', 'confirmation', 'damage', 'fatigue', 'loss', 'feeling', 'arms', 'legs', 'time', 'symptoms', 'person', 'ability', 'one-third', 'wheelchair', 'rHuPH', 'Halozyme', 'binding', 'reduction', 'circulating', 'approval', 'condition', 'muscles', 'protein', 'majority', 'severity']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,globenewswire.com
36464,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGENX-SE-16911676/news/Argenx-Announces-FDA-Acceptance-of-Supplemental-Biologics-License-Application-with-Priority-Review-f-45984330/,Argenx Announces FDA Acceptance of Supplemental Biologics License Application with Priority Review for VYVGART Hytrulo in Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy,(marketscreener.com) Prescription Drug User Fee Act target action date is June 21  2024 If approved  VYVGART® Hytrulo will be the first neonatal Fc receptor blocker to treat CIDP February 20  2024  7:00 AM CET Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx SE   a global…,Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date is June 21  2024If approved  VYVGART® Hytrulo will be the first neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker to treat CIDPFebruary 20  2024  7:00 AM CETAmsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for priority review a supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for VYVGART Hytrulo (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc) for the treatment of chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP). The application has been granted a PDUFA target action date of June 21  2024.“Today’s announcement brings us one step closer to delivering the transformative innovation of VYVGART Hytrulo to CIDP patients ” said Luc Truyen  Chief Medical Officer of argenx. “CIDP is yet another example of an autoimmune disease that has not been well understood  and for which there has been insufficient innovation for patients. We chose to use a priority review voucher to accelerate review of our submission because CIDP patients have long been waiting for new treatment options. FDA’s acceptance of the sBLA represents an important milestone in our continued drive to bring novel treatments for rare  autoimmune diseases  and a significant step forward for people whose lives have been profoundly impacted by this devastating disease.”The sBLA is supported by data from the ADHERE study  the largest clinical trial of CIDP to date  evaluating the safety and efficacy of subcutaneously administered VYVGART Hytrulo in adults with CIDP. The study met its primary endpoint (p=0.000039)  demonstrating a 61% lower risk of relapse (HR: 0.39 95% CI: 0.25; 0.61) with VYVGART Hytrulo compared to placebo. In the open-label Stage A of the study  67% of patients showed evidence of clinical improvement (ECI) following treatment with VYVGART Hytrulo. Given the mechanism of action of VYVGART Hytrulo as an FcRn blocker  the clinical results established that IgG autoantibodies play a significant role in the underlying biology of CIDP.VYVGART Hytrulo was well-tolerated with a safety profile that is consistent with prior clinical trials and the known profile of VYVGART®. After completing ADHERE  99% of eligible patients (226/228) continued to the ADHERE-+ open-label extension study.About Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating PolyneuropathyChronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a rare and serious autoimmune disease of the peripheral nervous system. Although confirmation of disease pathophysiology is still emerging  there is increasing evidence that IgG antibodies play a key role in the damage to the peripheral nerves. People with CIDP experience fatigue  muscle weakness and a loss of feeling in their arms and legs that can get worse over time or may come and go. These symptoms can significantly impair a person's ability to function in their daily lives. Without treatment  one-third of people living with CIDP will need a wheelchair.About VYVGART® Hytrulo (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc)VYVGART Hytrulo is a subcutaneous combination of efgartigimod alfa  a human IgG1 antibody fragment marketed for intravenous use as VYVGART®  and recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme’s ENHANZE® drug delivery technology to facilitate subcutaneous injection delivery of biologics. In binding to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  VYVGART Hytrulo results in the reduction of circulating IgG. It is the first-and-only approved FcRn blocker administered by subcutaneous injection.VYVGART Hytrulo is the proprietary name in the U.S. for subcutaneous efgartigimod alfa and recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20. It may be marketed under different proprietary names following approval in other regions.See FDA-approved Important Safety Information below and full Prescribing Information for VYVGART Hytrulo for additional informationImportant Safety InformationWhat is VYVGART® HYTRULO (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc)?VYVGART HYTRULO is a prescription medicine used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONWhat is the most important information I should know about VYVGART HYTRULO?VYVGART HYTRULO may cause serious side effects  including:Infection. VYVGART HYTRULO may increase the risk of infection. The most common infections for efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on efgartigimod alfa-fcab vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and observed lower white blood cell counts were mild to moderate in severity. Your healthcare provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain. If a serious infection occurs  your doctor will treat your infection and may even stop your VYVGART HYTRULO treatment until the infection has resolved.VYVGART HYTRULO may increase the risk of infection. The most common infections for efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on efgartigimod alfa-fcab vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and observed lower white blood cell counts were mild to moderate in severity. Your healthcare provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain. If a serious infection occurs  your doctor will treat your infection and may even stop your VYVGART HYTRULO treatment until the infection has resolved. Undesirable immune reactions (hypersensitivity reactions). VYVGART HYTRULO and efgartigimod alfa-fcab can cause the immune system to have undesirable reactions such as rashes  swelling under the skin  and shortness of breath. Hives were also observed in patients treated with VYVGART HYTRULO. In clinical studies  the reactions were mild or moderate and occurred within 1 hour to 3 weeks of administration  and the reactions did not lead to VYVGART HYTRULO discontinuation. Your healthcare provider should monitor you during and after treatment and discontinue VYVGART HYTRULO if needed. Tell your healthcare provider immediately about any undesirable reactions to VYVGART HYTRULO.Before taking VYVGART HYTRULO  tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:Have a history of infection or you think you have an infection.Have received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine (immunization). Discuss with your healthcare provider whether you need to receive age-appropriate immunizations before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART HYTRULO. The use of vaccines during VYVGART HYTRULO treatment has not been studied  and the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines is unknown. Administration of live or live-attenuated vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO.Are pregnant or plan to become pregnant and are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.What are the common side effects of VYVGART HYTRULO?The most common side effects of efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients were respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection. Additional common side effects of VYVGART HYTRULO are injection site reactions  including rash  redness of the skin  itching sensation  bruising  pain  and hives.These are not all the possible side effects of VYVGART HYTRULO. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to the US Food and Drug Administration at 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART HYTRULO and talk to your doctor.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  Canada and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.ContactsMedia:Ben PetokBpetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.comForward-Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “plans ” “aims ” “believes ” “continues ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” “should ” or “commitment” and include statements argenx makes concerning our advancement towards the delivery of VYVGART Hytrulo to CIDP patients  our continued drive to bring novel treatments for rare  autoimmune diseases  and our goal of translating immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including but not limited to  the results of our PDUFA review for VYVGART Hytrulo to CIDP patients  expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with development of novel drug therapies  preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements  the acceptance of our products and product candidates by our patients as safe  effective and cost-effective  and the impact of governmental laws and regulations on our business. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.# # #,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['Supplemental Biologics License Application', 'Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy', 'FDA Acceptance', 'Priority Review', 'VYVGART Hytrulo', 'Argenx', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'lower white blood cell counts', 'chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy', 'ENHANZE® drug delivery technology', 'first neonatal Fc receptor', 'ADHERE-+ open-label extension study', 'recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'FDA-approved Important Safety Information', 'PDUFA target action date', 'open-label Stage A', 'global immunology company', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'serious side effects', 'human IgG1 antibody', 'full Prescribing Information', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'largest clinical trial', 'prior clinical trials', 'peripheral nervous system', 'subcutaneous injection delivery', 'different proprietary names', 'U.S. Food', 'serious autoimmune disease', 'rare, autoimmune diseases', 'priority review voucher', 'new treatment options', 'respiratory tract infections', 'efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients', 'subcutaneous efgartigimod alfa', 'Drug Administration', 'important information', 'prescription medicine', 'lymphocyte counts', 'neutrophil counts', '61% lower risk', 'additional information', 'important milestone', 'clinical improvement', 'clinical results', 'peripheral nerves', 'subcutaneous combination', 'AChR antibody', 'urinary tract', 'devastating disease', 'disease pathophysiology', 'safety profile', '7:00 AM CET', 'transformative innovation', 'Luc Truyen', 'insufficient innovation', 'continued drive', 'novel treatments', 'significant step', 'primary endpoint', 'significant role', 'underlying biology', 'key role', 'muscle weakness', 'intravenous use', 'other regions', 'normal levels', 'healthcare provider', 'VYVGART® Hytrulo', 'VYVGART Hytrulo', 'eligible patients', 'More patients', 'FcRn) blocker', 'FcRn blocker', 'common infections', 'IgG autoantibodies', 'argenx SE', 'ADHERE study', 'increasing evidence', 'daily lives', 'IgG antibodies', 'CIDP patients', 'IgG.', 'June', 'February', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'people', 'sBLA', 'hyaluronidase-qvfc', 'announcement', 'example', 'submission', 'acceptance', 'data', 'efficacy', 'adults', 'relapse', 'placebo', 'ECI', 'mechanism', 'confirmation', 'damage', 'fatigue', 'loss', 'feeling', 'arms', 'legs', 'time', 'symptoms', 'person', 'ability', 'one-third', 'wheelchair', 'rHuPH', 'Halozyme', 'binding', 'reduction', 'circulating', 'approval', 'condition', 'muscles', 'protein', 'majority', 'severity']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36465,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEXAOM-58808496/news/Hexaom-2023-REVENUE-5-4-TO-EUR-1-016-2-MILLION-IN-LINE-WITH-FORECASTS-45985698/,Hexaom :  2023 REVENUE: +5.4% TO EUR 1 016.2 MILLION IN LINE WITH FORECASTS,(marketscreener.com)  2024: STRONG FUNDAMENTALS - ADAPTABILITY AND PROFITABILITY CONTROLConsolidated unaudited4th quarter12 months20232022% change20232022% changeRevenue260.6266.9-2.4%1 016.2964.0+5.4%Home...https://www.marketscr…,"2024: STRONG FUNDAMENTALS - ADAPTABILITY AND PROFITABILITY CONTROLConsolidated (€M)unaudited 4th quarter 12 months(1st January to 31st December) 2023 2022 % change 2023 2022 % change Revenue 260.6 266.9 -2.4% 1 016.2 964.0 +5.4% Home Building 220.2 220.5 -0.1% 867.4 809.6 +7.1% Renovation 13.5 15.4 -12.3% 54.3 52.9 +2.6% Land Development 5.0 6.8 -26.5% 25.4 33.7 -24.7% Real Estate Development 21.9 24.2 -9.5% 69.1 67.8 +1.9%2023 production up 5.4%. with historic volumes in the core businessOver 12 months  the Hexaom Group's production was up 5.4% to €1 016.2 million  on a like-for-like basis  as per forecast.For the fourth quarter  the Group posted revenue of €260.6 million  down 2.4% compared to the same period last year.The breakdown of annual revenue by business is as follows:Production for the Home Building business remained buoyant. The Group benefited from the strong 2022 sales  especially during the first half of the year. Revenue amounted to €867.4 million  up 7.1% compared to last year.The Renovation business is experiencing positive market trends but has faced setbacks due to inflation and the rising prices of building materials. Revenue increased by 2.6% to €54.3 million  driven by an expanding sales network.Intermediated business  brought in by the franchise network  is experiencing the strongest growth. Its revenue increased by +22.9% to €8.4 million. The “general contractor” business was virtually stable at €45.9 million  compared with €46.1 million last year.Revenue from the Land Development business was down 24.7% to €25.4 million reflecting  as expected  property market trends over the last few months.In a sharply contracting market  with an overall decline of about -40% for the year  Real Estate Development revenue did not hit the group's targets. Nevertheless  there was a slight uptick of 1.9% to €69.1 million.Order intake impacted by a complex and unprecedented market environmentAs expected  the Group's order intake at 31st December 2023 reflects a very difficult property market due to:- the significant tightening of financing conditions - an increase in interest rates - an inflationary environment that penalises household purchasing power - but also regulatory and administrative hurdles (standards  deadlines for issuing building permits  zoning  a surge in the number of appeals  etc.).This unprecedented situation is having an impact on the entire industry  penalising housing production at a time when the demand for housing is outstripping its supply.In this environment  the Hexaom Group is maintaining its course by gaining market shares in its core business  consolidating its position in the more buoyant Renovation and Extension market and preserving its margins in each of its businesses.Home Building Business :Order intake for 2023 amounted to €559.4 million  down 40.6% in value and 44.7% in volume. This figure is in line with the overall annual market decline of around 44% (source Markemetron).While construction costs have begun to stabilise  the average selling price  which had risen sharply in the past two years  only increased slightly in the last months of the year. For the year as a whole  it amounted to €166k excluding VAT.In addition  it should be noted that the average contribution from Hexaom customers  which was €54k in 2020  is now €100k.These two indicators (average price and contribution) illustrate the market context  but also reflect the Group's move upmarket.Renovation Business :The Renovation business is benefiting more favourable market trends as well as momentum from an expanding franchise network and the phased introduction of a general contractor “renovation/extension” offering across all the group's construction salespoints.At 31st December 2023  order intake from the intermediated business was up 22.8% to €103.9 million  and the “general contractor” business posted revenue of €39.7 million.During the first quarter  the Group will also be launching a new franchise network under the Rénovert brand. Its offering will include a full range of services related to energy renovations – from energy audits to full-service project management for customers during the works phase (project ownership support  project management or general contractor). The aim is to have fifteen or so franchisees by the end of 2024.Land and Real Estate Development Businesses :The Real Estate Development's business backlog  at 31st December 2023  is €140.9 million and the total potential inventory to be delivered represents revenue of €349.9 million  i.e. 1 644 housing units. The health of this business remains robust due to the high quality of its programs and land commitments. The Group also continues to favour mixed sales (modest income  institutional investors and social housing).For the Land Development business  the order book (reserved inventory not yet signed) stands at €9.2 million  representing 143 lots  in line with group forecasts and trends in the construction market over the past few months.In an unprecedented context  the Hexaom Group once again demonstrates the strength of its business modelWith 2023 revenue up 5% (on a like-for-like basis) as per forecast  the Group confirms the Improvement of its operating profitability for the full year.In 2024  based on the order intake trend over the last 18 months  the Group expects production to fall by between 25% and 30%.Hexaom will also show its proven ability to adapt to market conditions. Thanks to significant production cost variability (100% of production is subcontracted) and a stringent policy for swift market trend alignment  the company is well positioned to effectively manage its profit margins.In a challenging property market  despite recent indications that access to financing is improving  the Group will continue to leverage its solid fundamentals to emerge stronger from this phase:Its leadership in Home Building enables the Group to gain market shares as the sector continues to consolidate and earn the trust of guarantors to take over construction sites from defaulting builders.Its robust Renovation business continues to grow as its sales network and service offerings expand.It has highly variable costs and a sound financial structure coupled with manageable inventory exposure and low working capital requirements.The Group is confident that it is among the most well-prepared industry leaders to navigate the challenges of this turbulent market  capitalise on emerging opportunities  and strengthen its foothold across its various businesses.Next press release: 2023 Annual Results  22nd March 2024 after market close.Next meeting: 25th March 2024 at 10:00 am at the Edouard 7 Business Centre in ParisABOUT THE GROUPSince 1919  five generations of the same family have successively taken over the helm of HEXAOM  a group that drives and federates an ecosystem of 44 brands and subsidiaries with complementary expertise. A unique story of family entrepreneurship characterized by its stability in a complex market sector. The group  leader in the home building  renovation  and first-time owners' markets in France currently serves more than 10 000 customers a year  has built more than 150 000 houses  has carried out over 90 000 renovations  employs more than 1 500 people  and recorded revenue of €1 016.2 million in 2023.HEXAOM is listed on Euronext Growth Paris.HEXAOM equities are eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plan. ISIN code: FR 0004159473 -Mnemonic ALHEXCONTACTS HEXAOMLoic VandrommeChief Executive Officer - Tel: + 33 2 33 80 66 61E-mail: secretariat.direction@hexaom.frJean-Christophe Godet Chief Financial Officer- Tel: + 33 2 33 80 66 61E-mail: finances@hexaom.frAmalia Naveira - Analyst/Investor/Press Relations - Tel: + 33 6 31 35 99 50E-mail: comfi@hexaom.frGLOSSARY:Gross order intake: a contract is recorded in the gross order intake as soon as it is signed by the customer and accepted by our sales administration department (administrative control of the documents and validity of the financing plan  site inspection  verification  and acceptance of the selling price). The amount recorded corresponds to the revenue excluding taxes to be generated by the contract.Backlog (real estate development): represents the group's already secured future revenue  expressed in euros  for its real estate development business. The backlog includes reservations for which notarial deeds of sale have not yet been signed and the portion of revenue remaining to be generated on units for which notarial deeds of sale have already been signed (portion remaining to be built).Order book (land development): represents recorded land orders that have not been canceled and for which notarial deeds of sale have not yet been signed.Production in progress: all orders for which the conditions precedent to begin work have been met (building permit and client financing obtained  client ownership of the land) and which have not been accepted by the client (delivered)Change in like-for-like revenue: changes in revenue for the periods under comparison  recalculated as follows:- in the event of an acquisition  revenue from the acquired company is deducted from the current period if it was not part of the group during the previous period - in the event of a sale  the revenue of the divested company that is no longer part of the group during the current period is deducted from the comparison period.B2C (business to consumer): refers to transactions conducted between the company and consumers.Net contribution margin: corresponds to the difference between the revenue generated by contracts and the costs directly related to these contracts (construction costs  sales or broker commissions  taxes  insurance  etc.).Current operating income: intended to present the group's operating performance excluding the impact of non-recurring operations and events during the period.Cash position: includes cash on hand and demand deposits.Debt: includes all current and non-current financial liabilities except leases according to the restatement of IFRS 16.Net cash: cash position less debt.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lJmfkZ2YZW7Gx5xuZp2bl2hjbZhkmGfIm5LHk5Kbk5ecapySmZlll8eWZnFll21o- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84282-hexaom-cat4-23_en-gb.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.22,0.27,0.51,True,English,"['Hexaom', '2023 REVENUE', 'EUR', 'LINE', 'FORECASTS', 'The Real Estate Development', 'Real Estate Development Businesses', 'Real Estate Development revenue', 'overall annual market decline', 'household purchasing power', 'Rénovert brand', 'project ownership support', 'difficult property market', 'expanding franchise network', 'new franchise network', 'unaudited 4th quarter', 'full-service project management', 'positive market trends', 'property market trends', 'favourable market trends', 'expanding sales network', 'total potential inventory', 'Land Development business', 'average selling price', 'past two years', 'Home Building business', 'The Renovation business', 'general contractor” business', 'unprecedented market environment', 'overall decline', 'average price', 'contracting market', 'market shares', 'Extension market', 'market context', 'construction market', 'two indicators', 'annual revenue', 'building materials', 'building permits', 'core business', 'Intermediated business', 'business backlog', 'fourth quarter', 'strong 2022 sales', 'unprecedented situation', 'first quarter', 'mixed sales', 'unprecedented context', 'The Group', 'buoyant Renovation', 'land commitments', 'STRONG FUNDAMENTALS', 'PROFITABILITY CONTROL', 'st January', '31st December', 'historic volumes', 'same period', 'first half', 'rising prices', 'strongest growth', 'slight uptick', 'Order intake', 'significant tightening', 'financing conditions', 'interest rates', 'inflationary environment', 'administrative hurdles', 'entire industry', 'source Markemetron', 'construction costs', 'construction salespoints', 'full range', 'energy renovations', 'energy audits', 'works phase', 'high quality', 'modest income', 'institutional investors', 'order book', 'Hexaom Gro', 'average contribution', '1,644 housing units', 'social housing', 'Hexaom customers', 'group forecasts', 'housing production', 'last year', 'last months', '2023 production', '12 months', 'ADAPTABILITY', '2022 % change', 'basis', 'breakdown', 'setbacks', 'targets', 'complex', 'increase', 'regulatory', 'standards', 'deadlines', 'zoning', 'surge', 'number', 'appeals', 'impact', 'time', 'demand', 'supply', 'course', 'position', 'margins', 'value', 'figure', 'addition', 'move', 'upmarket', 'momentum', 'introduction', 'renovation/extension', 'offering', 'services', 'aim', 'fifteen', 'franchisees', 'health', 'programs', 'reserved', '143 lots']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36466,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TEVA-PHARMACEUTICAL-INDUS-40246797/news/Teva-Presents-New-Data-Supporting-Safety-Tolerability-and-Target-Engagement-of-Anti-TL1A-TEV-57-45988214/,Teva Presents New Data Supporting Safety  Tolerability and Target Engagement of Anti-TL1A (TEV-‘574) Antibody at the 2024 ECCO Annual Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Results demonstrate rapid and sustained suppression of free TL1A  confirming target engagement of anti-TL1A 1Anti-TL1A was shown to be safe and well-tolerated  with a low incidence of antidrug antibodies2Data support the ongoing…,"Results demonstrate rapid and sustained suppression of free TL1A  confirming target engagement of anti-TL1A (TEV-’574)1 Anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) was shown to be safe and well-tolerated  with a low incidence of antidrug antibodies2 Data support the ongoing Phase 2b clinical investigation of anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) in inflammatory bowel disease3Teva Pharmaceuticals  a U.S. affiliate of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE and TASE: TEVA)  today announced positive safety  tolerability  and pharmacokinetic data for its anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) asset  a potentially best-in-class human IgG1 monoclonal antibody that targets the tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-like ligand 1A (TL1A) and is designed to offer both anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic effects.1-3The data show the rapid and sustained suppression of free TL1A  confirming the target engagement of anti-TL1A (TEV-’574)  and show a well-tolerated safety profile in patients with asthma  which support continued clinical investigation for moderate-to-severe inflammatory bowel disease (IBD); this includes ulcerative colitis (UC) and Crohn's disease (CD).1-3 These findings will be presented at the 19th Annual Congress of the European Crohn’s and Colitis Organisation (ECCO)  which takes place February 21-24  2024  in Stockholm  Sweden.“These results from the first-in-human trials of anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) are exciting because they show that it effectively engages with the TL1A target  supports its safety profile and is well-tolerated. This aligns with our extensive pre-clinical evidence and further supports ongoing clinical investigations of anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) in IBD  where TL1A plays a prominent role in amplification of immune response leading to burdensome inflammation and fibrosis in the gastrointestinal tract ” said Dr. Eric Hughes  Executive Vice President of Global R&D and Chief Medical Officer at Teva. “We are currently investigating the efficacy and safety of anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) in IBD through the RELIEVE UCCD Phase 2 trial  which features an innovative and efficient basket study design allowing the inclusion of patients with either type of IBD (ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease). These data reinforce the potential for anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) to become a novel treatment option for IBD and solidifies our ongoing commitment to provide innovative medicines to improve the lives of people living with IBD  as quickly as possible.”First-in-human pharmacokinetic and safety data for anti-TL1A (TEV-'574) from a Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers and patients with mild asthma and a Phase 2 study in patients with severe asthma show:Dose-proportional increases in anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) exposure and minimal accumulation after multiple dosing every two weeks. 1A rapid and prolonged decrease in free TL1A levels indicating successful target engagement. This decrease was sustained up to two months after the last dose despite low or undetectable anti-TL1A (TEV-'574) levels. 1A favorable safety profile and well tolerated up to doses of 2300mg.1 2Also to be presented at ECCO 2024 is the study design of the RELIEVE UCCD Phase 2 trial investigating the efficacy and safety of anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) in patients with moderate-to-severe UC or CD.3 This first-ever basket study design for an IBD trial offers an efficient approach to help advance anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) to Phase 3 studies.On November 30  2023  Teva and Sanofi (EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY) announced the closing of their collaboration deal to co-develop and co-commercialize anti-TL1A (TEV-‘574) for the treatment of UC and CD  two types of inflammatory bowel disease.4 Under the terms of the agreement  Teva received an upfront payment of $500 million shortly after closing and will receive up to $1 billion in development and launch milestones. Each company will equally share the development costs globally and net profits and losses in major markets  with other markets subject to a royalty arrangement  and Sanofi will lead the development of the Phase 3 program. Teva will lead commercialization of the product in Europe  Israel and specified other countries  and Sanofi will lead commercialization in North America  Japan  other parts of Asia and the rest of the world.About Inflammatory Bowel DiseaseInflammatory bowel disease (IBD) is the term for two conditions ― Crohn’s disease (CD) and ulcerative colitis (UC) ― characterized by chronic inflammation of the gastrointestinal (GI) tract.5 CD and UC are chronic inflammatory conditions in the GI tract characterized by repetitive cycles of relapses and remission. Prolonged inflammation can lead to damage within the GI tract  including fibrosis  a common complication of IBD characterized by an excessive accumulation of scar tissue in the intestinal wall  which may cause narrowing and obstruction. Common symptoms of both conditions include persistent diarrhea  rectal bleeding  abdominal pain  loss of appetite  and weight loss. No cure exists for IBD – the goal of treatment is to induce and maintain remission and prevent flares.6 Globally  ~4.9 million cases of IBD have been identified  with incidence rising in several regions.7About RELIEVE UCCDRELIEVE UCCD is a 14-week Phase 2b  randomized  double-blind  dose-ranging study to determine the pharmacokinetics  efficacy  safety  and tolerability of anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) in adults with ulcerative colitis (UC) or Crohn's disease (CD). In the trial  patients who meet pre-specified inclusion criteria are randomized to subcutaneously receive either one of two anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) dose regimens or placebo in a 1:1:1 ratio (stratified by diagnosis [UC or CD] and previous exposure to advanced IBD therapy [biologics and small molecules]) for 14 weeks. Participants who complete the 14-week induction period have the option to enter the long-term extension (LTE)  consisting of a 44-week maintenance period for responders and a re-induction period for non-responders. Primary efficacy endpoints for both the 14-week and 44-week LTE study are number of participants with moderate-to-severe UC who show clinical remission (as defined by the modified Mayo score) and the number of participants with moderate-to-severe CD who show an endoscopic response (as defined by the endoscopic score for CD). The trial includes sites in the U.S.  Canada  Europe  and Asia.8 9About Anti-TL1A (TEV-’574)Anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) is a potentially best-in-class human IgG1 monoclonal antibody that targets tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-like ligand 1A (TL1A)  also known as TNF superfamily member 15. TL1A signaling is believed to amplify inflammation and drives fibrosis associated with asthma and inflammatory bowel disease (IBD); thus  targeting TL1A with TEV-’574 may mitigate the over-active immune response in these conditions. Anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) is currently in Phase 2b clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis (UD) and Crohn's disease (CD)  two types of inflammatory bowel disease. The safety and efficacy of anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority.About TevaTeva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE and TASE: TEVA) is a global pharmaceutical leader with a category-defying portfolio  harnessing our generics expertise and stepping up innovation to continue the momentum behind the discovery  delivery  and expanded development of modern medicines. For over 120 years  Teva's commitment to bettering health has never wavered. Today  the company’s global network of capabilities enables its 37 000 employees across 58 markets to push the boundaries of scientific innovation and deliver quality medicines to help improve health outcomes of millions of patients every day. To learn more about how Teva is all in for better health  visit www.tevapharm.com.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  which are based on management’s current beliefs and expectations and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties  both known and unknown  that could cause our future results  performance or achievements to differ significantly from that expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “should ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “target ” “may ” “project ” “guidance ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe” and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. Important factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include risks relating to: our ability to successfully compete in the marketplace  including our ability to achieve expected results from investments in our product pipeline including to successfully develop and commercialize our anti-TL1A (TEV-’574) asset for the treatment of ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease  two types of inflammatory bowel disease; our exclusive collaboration with Sanofi; the risk that we will incur significant costs in connection with the development of anti-TL1A (TEV-’574)  which may exceed any revenue generated by anti-TL1A (TEV-’574); risks that regulatory approvals and other requirements may delay the development and commercialization of our anti-TL1A (TEV-’574); our ability to successfully launch and execute our Pivot to Growth strategy  including to expand our innovative and biosimilar medicines pipeline and profitably commercialize the innovative medicines and biosimilar portfolio  whether organically or through business development; our business and operations in general  including the impact of global economic conditions and other macroeconomic developments and the governmental and societal responses thereto; the impact of the state of war declared in Israel and the military activity in the region  including the risk of disruptions to our operations and facilities  such as our manufacturing and R&D facilities  located in Israel; and other factors discussed in this press release and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023  including in the section captioned ""Risk Factors.” Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements or other information contained herein  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. You are cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.______________________Balyan  R.  Ghibellini  G.  Sunzel  E. M. et al. (2024). P633 First-in-Human Pharmacokinetic and Safety Study of an Anti-TL1A Antibody  TEV-48574  in Healthy Volunteers and Asthma Patients. Journal of Crohn’s and Colitis  18(Supplement_1)  i1215–i1216. https://doi.org/10.1093/ecco-jcc/jjad212.0763 . Raphael  G.  Damera. G.  Angeles  T. et al. (2024). P1061 TEV-48574  an anti-TL1A antibody in development for use in IBD  is safe and well tolerated following 16 weeks of subcutaneous treatment in adults with severe uncontrolled T2-lowithnon T2 asthma. Journal of Crohn’s and Colitis  18(Supplement_1)  i1908–i1908. https://doi.org/10.1093/ecco-jcc/jjad212.1191 . Reinisch  W.  Stoyanov  S.  Raphael  G. et al. (2024). P998 Phase 2 basket design study evaluating the efficacy and safety of an anti-TL1A antibody (TEV-48574) in moderate to severe ulcerative colitis or Crohn’s Disease (RELIEVE UCCD). Journal of Crohn’s and Colitis  18(Supplement_1)  i1811–i1811. https://doi.org/10.1093/ecco-jcc/jjad212.1128 . Teva Completes Closing of Exclusive Collaboration Deal to Deliver Inflammatory Bowel Disease Treatment. https://ir.tevapharm.com/news-and-events/press-releases/press-release-details/2023/Teva-Completes-Closing-of-Exclusive-Collaboration-Deal-to-Deliver-Inflammatory-Bowel-Disease-Treatment/default.aspx . Accessed Feb 2024. What is inflammatory bowel disease (IBD)? Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 2022. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/ibd/what-is-IBD.htm . Accessed Feb 2024. McDowell  C.  Farooq  U.  & Haseeb  M. (2020). Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD). PubMed; StatPearls Publishing. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470312/ . Dharni  K.  Singh  A.  Sharma  S. et al. Trends of inflammatory bowel disease from the Global Burden of Disease Study (1990-2019). Indian Journal of Gastroenterology (2023). https://doi.org/10.1007/s12664-023-01430-z . A Study to Test the Effect of TEV-48574 in Moderate to Severe Ulcerative Colitis or Crohn's Disease (RELIEVE UCCD) https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT05499130?term=TEV-48574&rank=2 . Accessed Feb 2024. A Study to Evaluate the Long-Term Effect of TEV-48574 in Moderate to Severe Ulcerative Colitis or Crohn's Disease. https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT05668013?term=TEV-48574&rank=1 . Accessed Feb 2024.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240220244880/en/",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.46,0.19,0.35,True,English,"['2024 ECCO Annual Meeting', 'Target Engagement', 'Teva', 'Tolerability', 'Anti-TL1A', '4) Antibody', 'ongoing Phase 2b clinical investigation', 'human IgG1 monoclonal antibody', 'RELIEVE UCCD Phase 2 trial', 'ever basket study design', 'Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd', 'efficient basket study design', 'severe inflammatory bowel disease', 'gastrointestinal (GI) tract.5 CD', 'ongoing clinical investigations', 'inflammatory bowel disease3', 'U.S. affiliate', 'tumor necrosis factor', '19th Annual Congress', 'extensive pre-clinical evidence', 'Dr. Eric Hughes', 'Executive Vice President', 'Global R&D', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'severe asthma show', 'novel treatment option', 'successful target engagement', 'favorable safety profile', 'chronic inflammatory conditions', 'free TL1A levels', 'Phase 1 study', 'Phase 2 study', 'gastrointestinal tract', 'ongoing commitment', 'GI tract', 'efficient approach', 'Phase 3 studies', 'Phase 3 program', 'human trials', 'human pharmacokinetic', ""TEV-'574) levels"", 'IBD trial', 'severe UC', 'TL1A target', 'sustained suppression', 'antidrug antibodies2', 'ligand 1A', 'anti-fibrotic effects', 'ulcerative colitis', 'Colitis Organisation', 'prominent role', 'immune response', 'healthy volunteers', 'mild asthma', 'Dose-proportional increases', 'minimal accumulation', 'multiple dosing', 'last dose', 'collaboration deal', 'two types', 'upfront payment', 'net profits', 'major markets', 'other markets', 'royalty arrangement', 'other countries', 'North America', 'other parts', 'two conditions', 'repetitive cycles', 'common complication', 'excessive accumulation', 'scar tissue', 'intestinal wall', 'Common symptoms', 'persistent diarrhea', 'rectal bleeding', 'abdominal pain', '~4.9 million cases', 'burdensome inflammation', 'Prolonged inflammation', 'Teva Pharmaceuticals', 'low incidence', 'innovative medicines', 'prolonged decrease', 'weight loss', 'pharmacokinetic data', 'development costs', 'European Crohn', 'safety data', 'undetectable anti-TL1A', '1 Anti-TL1A', 'Results', 'rapid', 'NYSE', 'TASE', 'tolerability', '574) asset', 'class', 'TNF', 'anti-inflammatory', 'patients', 'moderate', 'findings', 'ECCO', 'place', 'Stockholm', 'Sweden', 'amplification', 'fibrosis', 'efficacy', 'inclusion', 'potential', 'lives', 'people', '574) exposure', 'doses', '2300mg', 'November', 'Sanofi', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'SNY', 'closing', 'terms', 'agreement', 'milestones', 'company', 'losses', 'commercialization', 'product', 'Israel', 'Japan', 'Asia', 'rest', 'world', 'relapses', 'remission', 'damage', 'narrowing', 'obstruction', 'appetite', 'cure', 'goal', 'flares']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36467,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLIC-STORAGE-14115/news/Public-Storage-Reports-Results-for-the-Fourth-Quarter-and-Year-Ended-December-31-2023-45991594/,Public Storage Reports Results for the Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31  2023,(marketscreener.com) Public Storage announced today operating results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31  2023.“Public Storage achieved record revenues and net operating income  quickly acquired and integrated the 90 000-customer Simply Sel…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) announced today operating results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31  2023.“Public Storage achieved record revenues and net operating income  quickly acquired and integrated the 90 000-customer Simply Self Storage portfolio  and reached more than 3 000 owned properties during 2023. I want to thank the entire team for their focus and determination ” said Joe Russell  President and Chief Executive Officer. “We are well positioned in 2024 with our operating model transformation enhancing the industry’s highest margins  our high growth non-same store pool comprising nearly 30% of the portfolio  and our balance sheet positioned to fund significant external growth. Our ability to drive unmatched levels of performance and profitability uniquely positions us for growth and value creation into the future.”Highlights for the Three Months Ended December 31  2023Reported net income allocable to common shareholders of $2.21 per diluted share.Reported core FFO allocable to common shareholders (“Core FFO”) of $4.20 per diluted share  an increase of 1.0% relative to the same period in 2022.Achieved 79.7% Same Store (as defined below) direct net operating income margin.Acquired eleven self-storage facilities (0.8 million net rentable square feet) for $171.9 million.Opened five newly developed facilities and various expansion projects which together added 0.8 million net rentable square feet at a cost of $190.3 million. At December 31  2023  we had various facilities in development and expansion expected to add 3.6 million net rentable square feet at an estimated cost of $766.2 million.Highlights for the Year Ended December 31  2023Reported net income allocable to common shareholders of $11.06 per diluted share.Reported Core FFO of $16.89 per diluted share  an increase of 6.1% from 2022. Core FFO per diluted share increased 8.3% excluding the contribution from our equity investment in PS Business Parks  Inc. (“PSB”)  which we sold in July 2022.Increased Same Store direct net operating income by 4.1%  resulting from a 4.7% increase in Same Store revenues.Closed acquisitions of BREIT Simply Storage LLC  a self-storage company that owns and operates 127 self-storage facilities (9.4 million net rentable square feet) and manages 25 self-storage facilities for third parties for $2.2 billion in cash on September 13  2023 (the “Simply Acquisition”) and 37 self-storage facilities with 2.7 million net rentable square feet for $473.2 million.Opened eleven newly developed facilities and various expansion projects which together added 1.7 million net rentable square feet at a cost of $362.9 million.In connection with the Simply Acquisition  issued $2.2 billion of unsecured senior notes in 2-  5.5-  10-  and 30-year tranches bearing annual rates of Compounded SOFR + 0.60%  5.125%  5.100%  and 5.350%  respectively.Operating Results for the Three Months Ended December 31  2023For the three months ended December 31  2023  net income allocable to our common shareholders was $389.7 million or $2.21 per diluted common share  compared to $362.6 million or $2.06 per diluted common share for the same period in 2022  representing an increase of $27.1 million or $0.15 per diluted common share. The increase is due primarily to (i) a $37.6 million increase in self-storage net operating income  (ii) a $67.8 million decrease in foreign currency exchange losses primarily associated with our Euro denominated notes payable  and (iii) a $17.1 million increase in gain on sale of real estate  partially offset by (iv) a $61.0 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense and (v) a $32.5 million increase in interest expense.The $37.6 million increase in self-storage net operating income in the three months ended December 31  2023 as compared to the same period in 2022 is a result of a $40.8 million increase attributable to our Non-Same Store Facilities (as defined below)  partially offset by a $3.2 million decrease attributable to our Same Store Facilities. Revenues for the Same Store Facilities increased 0.8% or $6.4 million in the three months ended December 31  2023 as compared to the same period in 2022  due primarily to higher realized annual rent per occupied square foot  partially offset by a decline in occupancy. Cost of operations for the Same Store Facilities increased by 5.1% or $9.7 million in the three months ended December 31  2023 as compared to the same period in 2022  due primarily to increased marketing expense. The increase in net operating income of $40.8 million for the Non-Same Store Facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2023.Operating Results for the Year Ended December 31  2023In 2023  net income allocable to our common shareholders was $1.9 billion or $11.06 per diluted common share  compared to $4.1 billion or $23.50 per diluted common share in 2022  representing a decrease of $2.2 billion or $12.44 per diluted common share. The decrease is due primarily to (i) a $2.1 billion gain on sale of our equity investment in PSB in July 2022  (ii) a $149.5 million increase in foreign currency exchange losses primarily associated with our Euro denominated notes payable  (iii) a $79.1 million decrease in equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities due to our sale of PSB in July 2022  and (iv) a $64.8 million increase in interest expense  partially offset by (v) a $231.8 million increase in self-storage net operating income and (vi) a $45.0 million increase in interest and other income.The $231.8 million increase in self-storage net operating income in 2023 as compared to 2022 is a result of a $118.2 million increase attributable to our Same Store Facilities and a $113.6 million increase attributable to our Non-Same Store Facilities. Revenues for the Same Store Facilities increased 4.7% or $154.0 million in 2023 as compared to 2022  due primarily to higher realized annual rent per occupied square foot  partially offset by a decline in occupancy. Cost of operations for the Same Store Facilities increased by 4.7% or $35.9 million in 2023 as compared to 2022  due primarily to increased property tax expense  marketing expense  and other direct property costs. The increase in net operating income of $113.6 million for the Non-Same Store Facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2021  2022  and 2023 and the fill-up of recently developed and expanded facilities.Funds from OperationsFunds from Operations (“FFO”) and FFO per share are non-GAAP measures defined by Nareit. We believe that FFO and FFO per share are useful to REIT investors and analysts in measuring our performance because Nareit’s definition of FFO excludes items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating and financial performance. FFO represents net income before real estate-related depreciation and amortization  which is excluded because it is based upon historical costs and assumes that building values diminish ratably over time  while we believe that real estate values fluctuate due to market conditions. FFO also excludes gains or losses on sale of real estate assets and real estate impairment charges  which are also based upon historical costs and are impacted by historical depreciation. FFO and FFO per share are not a substitute for net income or earnings per share. FFO is not a substitute for net cash flow in evaluating our liquidity or ability to pay dividends  because it excludes investing and financing activities presented on our consolidated statements of cash flows. In addition  other REITs may compute these measures differently  so comparisons among REITs may not be helpful.For the three months ended December 31  2023  FFO was $3.78 per diluted common share as compared to $3.38 for the same period in 2022  representing an increase of 11.8%.For the year ended December 31  2023  FFO was $16.60 per diluted common share  as compared to $16.46 in 2022  representing an increase of 0.9%.We also present “Core FFO” and “Core FFO per share ” non-GAAP measures that represent FFO and FFO per share excluding the impact of (i) foreign currency exchange gains and losses  (ii) charges related to the redemption of preferred securities  and (iii) certain other non-cash and/or nonrecurring income or expense items primarily representing  with respect to the periods presented below  the impact of contingency resolution  casualties  due diligence costs incurred in pursuit of strategic transactions  unrealized gain on private equity investments  UPREIT reorganization costs  Simply integration costs  amortization of acquired non real estate-related intangibles from the Simply Acquisition  and our equity share of deferred tax benefits of a change in tax status  merger transaction costs  lease termination income  and severance of a senior executive from our equity investees. We review Core FFO and Core FFO per share to evaluate our ongoing operating performance  and we believe they are used by investors and REIT analysts in a similar manner. However  Core FFO and Core FFO per share are not substitutes for net income and net income per share. Because other REITs may not compute Core FFO or Core FFO per share in the same manner as we do  may not use the same terminology  or may not present such measures  Core FFO and Core FFO per share may not be comparable among REITs.The following table reconciles net income to FFO and Core FFO and reconciles diluted earnings per share to FFO per share and Core FFO per share (unaudited):Three Months Ended December 31  Year Ended December 31  2023 2022 Percentage Change 2023 2022 Percentage Change (Amounts in thousands  except per share data) Reconciliation of Net Income to FFO and Core FFO: Net income allocable to common shareholders $ 389 657 $ 362 622 7.5 % $ 1 948 741 $ 4 142 288 (53.0 )% Eliminate items excluded from FFO: Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 284 847 224 438 962 703 881 569 Real estate-related depreciation from unconsolidated real estate investments 10 628 9 837 36 769 54 822 Real estate-related depreciation allocated to noncontrolling interests and restricted share unitholders (1 818 ) (1 781 ) (6 635 ) (6 622 ) Gains on sale of real estate investments  including our equity share from investments (17 051 ) — (17 290 ) (54 403 ) Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks  Inc. — — — (2 116 839 ) FFO allocable to common shares $ 666 263 $ 595 116 12.0 % $ 2 924 288 $ 2 900 815 0.8 % Eliminate the impact of items excluded from Core FFO  including our equity share from investments: Foreign currency exchange loss (gain) 71 121 138 956 51 197 (98 314 ) Property losses and tenant claims due to casualties — (1 301 ) — 4 817 Other items 2 869 (760 ) 447 (338 ) Core FFO allocable to common shares $ 740 253 $ 732 011 1.1 % $ 2 975 932 $ 2 806 980 6.0 % Reconciliation of Diluted Earnings per Share to FFO per Share and Core FFO per Share: Diluted earnings per share $ 2.21 $ 2.06 7.3 % $ 11.06 $ 23.50 (52.9 )% Eliminate amounts per share excluded from FFO: Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 1.67 1.32 5.64 5.27 Gains on sale of real estate investments  including our equity share from investments (0.10 ) — (0.10 ) (0.31 ) Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks  Inc. — — — (12.00 ) FFO per share $ 3.78 $ 3.38 11.8 % $ 16.60 $ 16.46 0.9 % Eliminate the per share impact of items excluded from Core FFO  including our equity share from investments: Foreign currency exchange loss (gain) 0.40 0.79 0.29 (0.57 ) Property losses and tenant claims due to casualties — (0.01 ) — 0.03 Other items 0.02 — — — Core FFO per share $ 4.20 $ 4.16 1.0 % $ 16.89 $ 15.92 6.1 % Exclude the contribution from our equity investment in PS Business Parks  Inc. to Core FFO per share — — — (0.33 ) Core FFO per share  excluding the impact of PS Business Parks  Inc. $ 4.20 $ 4.16 1.0 % $ 16.89 $ 15.59 8.3 % Diluted weighted average common shares 176 060 176 144 176 143 176 280Property Operations – Same Store FacilitiesThe Same Store Facilities consist of facilities that have been owned and operated on a stabilized level of occupancy  revenues  and cost of operations since January 1  2021. The composition of our Same Store Facilities allows us to more effectively evaluate the ongoing performance of our self-storage portfolio in 2021  2022  and 2023 and exclude the impact of fill-up of unstabilized facilities  which can significantly affect operating trends. We believe the Same Store Facilities information is used by investors and analysts in a similar manner. However  because other REITs may not compute Same Store Facilities in the same manner as we do  may not use the same terminology  or may not present such a measure  Same Store Facilities may not be comparable among REITs. The following table summarizes the historical operating results (for all periods presented) of these 2 339 facilities (154.9 million net rentable square feet) that represent approximately 71% of the aggregate net rentable square feet of our U.S. consolidated self-storage portfolio at December 31  2023 (unaudited):Three Months Ended December 31  Year Ended December 31  2023 2022 Percentage Change 2023 2022 Percentage Change (Dollar amounts in thousands  except for per square foot data) Revenues (a): Rental income $ 822 269 $ 817 327 0.6 % $ 3 312 597 $ 3 169 132 4.5 % Late charges and administrative fees 29 164 27 658 5.4 % 115 270 104 691 10.1 % Total revenues 851 433 844 985 0.8 % 3 427 867 3 273 823 4.7 % Direct cost of operations (a): Property taxes 69 222 68 140 1.6 % 300 505 290 605 3.4 % On-site property manager payroll 31 645 30 654 3.2 % 126 830 123 372 2.8 % Repairs and maintenance 17 181 15 714 9.3 % 64 565 60 317 7.0 % Utilities 10 194 10 417 (2.1 )% 44 775 45 578 (1.8 )% Marketing 21 202 14 142 49.9 % 69 158 47 863 44.5 % Other direct property costs 23 257 20 554 13.2 % 90 990 83 615 8.8 % Total direct cost of operations 172 701 159 621 8.2 % 696 823 651 350 7.0 % Direct net operating income (b) 678 732 685 364 (1.0 )% 2 731 044 2 622 473 4.1 % Indirect cost of operations (a): Supervisory payroll (8 100 ) (8 774 ) (7.7 )% (33 846 ) (36 327 ) (6.8 )% Centralized management costs (14 605 ) (16 433 ) (11.1 )% (60 861 ) (64 053 ) (5.0 )% Share-based compensation (2 525 ) (3 411 ) (26.0 )% (10 739 ) (14 675 ) (26.8 )% Net operating income (c) $ 653 502 $ 656 746 (0.5 )% $ 2 625 598 $ 2 507 418 4.7 % Gross margin (before indirect costs  depreciation and amortization expense) 79.7 % 81.1 % (1.7 )% 79.7 % 80.1 % (0.5 )% Gross margin (before depreciation and amortization expense) 76.8 % 77.7 % (1.2 )% 76.6 % 76.6 % — % Weighted average for the period: Square foot occupancy 92.7 % 93.4 % (0.7 )% 93.3 % 94.8 % (1.6 )% Realized annual rental income per (d): Occupied square foot $ 22.90 $ 22.60 1.3 % $ 22.93 $ 21.58 6.3 % Available square foot $ 21.23 $ 21.10 0.6 % $ 21.38 $ 20.45 4.5 % At December 31: Square foot occupancy 91.6 % 92.3 % (0.8 )% Annual contract rent per occupied square foot (e) $ 23.04 $ 22.88 0.7 %(a) Revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sales and expenses generated at the facilities. (b) Direct net operating income (“Direct NOI”)  a subtotal within NOI  is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes the impact of supervisory payroll  centralized management costs  and share-based compensation in addition to depreciation and amortization expense. We utilize direct net operating income in evaluating property performance and in evaluating property operating trends as compared to our competitors. (c) See reconciliation of self-storage NOI to net income provided below. (d) Realized annual rent per occupied square foot is computed by dividing annualized rental income  before late charges and administrative fees  by the weighted average occupied square feet for the period. Realized annual rent per available square foot (“REVPAF”) is computed by dividing annualized rental income  before late charges and administrative fees  by the total available rentable square feet for the period. These measures exclude late charges and administrative fees in order to provide a better measure of our ongoing level of revenue. Late charges are dependent upon the level of delinquency  and administrative fees are dependent upon the level of move-ins. In addition  the rates charged for late charges and administrative fees can vary independently from rental rates. These measures take into consideration promotional discounts  which reduce rental income. (e) Annual contract rent represents the agreed upon monthly rate that is paid by our tenants in place at the time of measurement. Contract rates are initially set in the lease agreement upon move-in  and we adjust them from time to time with notice. Contract rent excludes other fees that are charged on a per-item basis  such as late charges and administrative fees  does not reflect the impact of promotional discounts  and does not reflect the impact of rents that are written off as uncollectible.Property Operations – Non-Same Store FacilitiesIn addition to the 2 339 Same Store Facilities  we have 705 facilities that were not stabilized with respect to occupancies  revenues  or cost of operations since January 1  2021 or that we did not own as of January 1  2021  including 470 facilities that were acquired  57 newly developed facilities  88 facilities that have been expanded or are targeted for expansion  and 90 facilities that are unstabilized because they are undergoing fill-up or were damaged in casualty events (collectively  the “Non-Same Store Facilities”). Operating data  metrics  and further commentary with respect to these facilities  including detail by vintage  are included in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” under “Analysis of Net Income – Self-Storage Operations” in our December 31  2023 Form 10-K.Investing and Capital ActivitiesDuring the three months ended December 31  2023  we closed the acquisition of eleven self-storage facilities (four in Arizona and one each in Alabama  Colorado  Hawaii  Missouri  Oregon  South Carolina  and Utah) with 0.8 million net rentable square feet for $171.9 million.During 2023  we added 164 self-storage facilities (12.1 million net rentable square feet) to our self-storage portfolio through acquisitions including 127 self-storage facilities from the Simply Acquisition (38 in Texas  21 in Florida  twelve in Oklahoma  nine each in Michigan  South Carolina  and Tennessee  eight in Indiana  five each in Georgia  New Jersey  and Ohio  four each in Arizona  California  Illinois  Mississippi  and New York  three each in Minnesota  North Carolina  and Washington  two each in Alabama and Virginia  and one each in Colorado  Hawaii  Idaho  Kentucky  Louisiana  Massachusetts  Missouri  Oregon  Pennsylvania  and Utah) for $2.7 billion.The Simply portfolio of 127 properties (9.4 million net rentable square feet) generated self-storage revenues of $44.4 million  NOI of $29.4 million (including Direct NOI of $31.2 million)  and average square footage occupancy of 87.7% for 2023 since the acquisition.During 2021  we acquired a portfolio of 48 properties (4.1 million net rentable square feet) operated under the brand name of ezStorage for $1.8 billion. As of December 31  2023  we have completed the expansion projects on four facilities of this portfolio for $26.5 million  adding 169 000 net rentable square feet of storage space. These facilities generated revenues of $105.1 million  NOI of $82.2 million (including Direct NOI of $84.5 million)  and average square footage occupancy of 86.3% for 2023.During 2021  we acquired a portfolio of 56 properties (7.5 million net rentable square feet) operated under the brand name of All Storage for $1.5 billion. These facilities generated revenues of $89.1 million  NOI of $59.0 million (including Direct NOI of $61.8 million)  and average square footage occupancy of 77.9% for 2023.During the three months ended December 31  2023  we opened five newly developed facilities and various expansion projects which together contributed 0.8 million net rentable square feet (0.4 million in Texas and 0.1 million each in California  Michigan  New Jersey  and Rhode Island) at a cost of $190.3 million. During 2023  we opened eleven newly developed facilities and various expansion projects which together contributed 1.7 million net rentable square feet (0.5 million in Texas  0.2 million each in California and New Jersey  0.1 million each in Florida  Kansas  Maryland  Michigan  Nevada  Pennsylvania  Rhode Island  and Tennessee) at a cost of $362.9 million. At December 31  2023  we had various facilities in development (expected to contribute 2.3 million net rentable square feet) estimated to cost $461.4 million and various expansion projects (expected to contribute 1.3 million net rentable square feet) estimated to cost $304.8 million. Our aggregate 3.6 million net rentable square foot pipeline of development and expansion facilities includes 1.2 million in California  0.8 million in Florida  0.5 million in Texas  0.3 million in Nevada  0.2 million each in Maryland and New York  and 0.4 million in other states. The remaining $420.7 million of development costs for these projects are expected to be incurred primarily in the next 18 to 24 months.Outlook for the Year Ending December 31  2024Set forth below are our current expectations with respect to full year 2024 Core FFO per share and certain underlying assumptions. In reliance on the exception provided by applicable SEC rules  we do not provide guidance for GAAP net income per share  the most comparable GAAP financial measure  or a reconciliation of 2024 Core FFO per share to GAAP net income per share because we are unable to reasonably predict the following items which are included in GAAP net income: (i) gains or losses on sales of real estate investments  (ii) foreign currency exchange gains and losses  (iii) charges related to the redemption of preferred securities  and (iv) certain other significant non-cash and/or nonrecurring income or expense items. The actual amounts for any and all of these items could significantly impact our 2024 GAAP net income and  as disclosed in our historical financial results  have significantly impacted GAAP net income in prior periods. Our expectations on self-storage operations reflect the following updated 2024 Same Store and Non-Same Store pools for properties we owned at December 31  2023: (i) 2 507 Same Store Facilities (170.0 million net rentable square feet) that we have owned and operated on a stabilized level of occupancy  revenues  and cost of operations since January 1  2022  which generated NOI of $2 828.6 million in 2023 and (ii) 537 Non-Same Store Facilities (48.1 million net rentable square feet) that were not stabilized with respect to occupancy  revenues  or cost of operations since January 1  2022 or that we did not own as of January 1  2022  which generated NOI of $369.1 million in 2023.2024 Guidance Low High (Dollar amounts in thousands  except per share data) Same Store: Revenue growth (1.0)% 1.0% Expense growth 2.0% 3.5% Net operating income growth (2.4)% 0.7% Acquisitions $500 000 Development openings $450 000 Non-Same Store net operating income $495 000 $515 000 Ancillary net operating income $183 000 $186 000 General and administrative expense $84 000 $90 000 Interest expense $289 000 Preferred dividends $195 000 Capital expenditures $450 000 Core FFO per share $16.60 $17.20 Core FFO per share growth from 2023 Core FFO per share (1.7)% 1.8% Incremental Non-Same Store NOI to stabilization (2025 and beyond) $95 000Fourth Quarter Conference CallA conference call is scheduled for February 21  2024 at 9:00 a.m. (PT) to discuss the fourth quarter earnings results. The domestic dial-in number is (877) 407-9039  and the international dial-in number is (201) 689-8470. A simultaneous audio webcast may be accessed by using the link at www.publicstorage.com under “About Us  Investor Relations  News and Events  Event Calendar.” A replay of the conference call may be accessed through March 6  2024 by calling (844) 512-2921 (domestic)  (412) 317-6671 (international) (access ID number for either domestic or international is 13744115) or by using the link at www.publicstorage.com under “About Us  Investor Relations  News and Events  Event Calendar.”About Public StoragePublic Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard® brand. Our headquarters are located in Glendale  California.This press release  our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023  a financial supplement  and additional information about Public Storage are available on our website  www.publicstorage.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to our 2024 outlook and all underlying assumptions; our expected acquisition  disposition  development  and redevelopment activity; supply and demand for our self-storage facilities; information relating to operating trends in our markets; expectations regarding operating expenses  including property tax changes; expectations regarding the impacts from inflation and a potential future recession; our strategic priorities; expectations with respect to financing activities  rental rates  cap rates  and yields; leasing expectations; our credit ratings; and all other statements other than statements of historical fact. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs and assumptions made based on information currently available to management and may be identified by the use of the words “outlook ” “guidance ” “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “should ” “estimates ” and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may cause our actual results and performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that may impact future results and performance include  but are not limited to those described in Part 1  Item 1A  “Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K that will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 20  2024 and in our other filings with the SEC. These include changes in demand for our facilities; impacts of natural disasters; adverse changes in laws and regulations including governing property tax  evictions  rental rates  minimum wage levels  and insurance; adverse economic effects from public health emergencies  international military conflicts  or similar events impacting public health and/or economic activity; increases in the costs of our primary customer acquisition channels; adverse impacts to us and our customers from high interest rates  inflation  unfavorable foreign currency rate fluctuations  or changes in federal or state tax laws related to the taxation of REITs; security breaches  including ransomware; or a failure of our networks  systems  or technology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release or as of the dates indicated in the statements. All of our forward-looking statements  including those in this press release  are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  new estimates  or other factors  events  or circumstances after the date of these forward-looking statements  except when expressly required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties  you should not rely on any forward-looking statements in this press release  or which management may make orally or in writing from time to time  neither as predictions of future events nor guarantees of future performance.PUBLIC STORAGE SELECTED CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT DATA (Amounts in thousands  except per share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended December 31  Year Ended December 31  2023 2022 2023 2022 Revenues: Self-storage facilities $ 1 092 588 $ 1 028 353 $ 4 259 613 $ 3 946 028 Ancillary operations 67 280 60 189 258 077 236 135 1 159 868 1 088 542 4 517 690 4 182 163 Expenses: Self-storage cost of operations 267 872 241 256 1 061 950 980 209 Ancillary cost of operations 22 959 18 401 85 996 72 698 Depreciation and amortization 287 525 226 538 970 056 888 146 Real estate acquisition and development expense 12 764 10 397 26 451 28 744 General and administrative 23 172 19 575 80 632 71 672 Interest expense 68 602 36 141 201 132 136 319 682 894 552 308 2 426 217 2 177 788 Other increases (decreases) to net income: Interest and other income 16 209 14 173 85 590 40 567 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 5 110 6 852 27 897 106 981 Foreign currency exchange (loss) gain (71 121 ) (138 956 ) (51 197 ) 98 314 Gain on sale of real estate 17 090 — 17 178 1 503 Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks  Inc. — — — 2 128 860 Income before income tax expense 444 262 418 303 2 170 941 4 380 600 Income tax expense (2 365 ) (3 369 ) (10 821 ) (14 326 ) Net income 441 897 414 934 2 160 120 4 366 274 Allocation to noncontrolling interests (2 605 ) (2 574 ) (11 793 ) (17 127 ) Net income allocable to Public Storage shareholders 439 292 412 360 2 148 327 4 349 147 Allocation of net income to: Preferred shareholders – distributions (48 674 ) (48 674 ) (194 703 ) (194 390 ) Restricted share units (961 ) (1 064 ) (4 883 ) (12 469 ) Net income allocable to common shareholders $ 389 657 $ 362 622 $ 1 948 741 $ 4 142 288 Per common share: Net income per common share – Basic $ 2.22 $ 2.07 $ 11.11 $ 23.64 Net income per common share – Diluted $ 2.21 $ 2.06 $ 11.06 $ 23.50 Weighted average common shares – Basic 175 532 175 345 175 472 175 257 Weighted average common shares – Diluted 176 060 176 144 176 143 176 280PUBLIC STORAGE SELECTED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA (Amounts in thousands  except share and per share data) December 31  2023 December 31  2022 ASSETS (Unaudited) Cash and equivalents $ 370 002 $ 775 253 Real estate facilities  at cost: Land 5 628 488 5 273 073 Buildings 21 836 750 18 946 053 27 465 238 24 219 126 Accumulated depreciation (9 423 974 ) (8 554 155 ) 18 041 264 15 664 971 Construction in process 345 453 372 992 18 386 717 16 037 963 Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities 390 180 275 752 Goodwill and other intangible assets  net 387 267 232 517 Other assets 275 050 230 822 Total assets $ 19 809 216 $ 17 552 307 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Notes payable $ 9 103 277 $ 6 870 826 Accrued and other liabilities 598 993 514 680 Total liabilities 9 702 270 7 385 506 Equity: Public Storage shareholders’ equity: Preferred Shares  $0.01 par value  100 000 000 shares authorized  174 000 shares issued (in series) and outstanding  (174 000 shares at December 31  2022) at liquidation preference 4 350 000 4 350 000 Common Shares  $0.10 par value  650 000 000 shares authorized  175 670 727 shares issued and outstanding (175 265 668 shares at December 31  2022) 17 567 17 527 Paid-in capital 5 980 760 5 896 423 Accumulated deficit (267 910 ) (110 231 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (67 239 ) (80 317 ) Total Public Storage shareholders’ equity 10 013 178 10 073 402 Noncontrolling interests 93 768 93 399 Total equity 10 106 946 10 166 801 Total liabilities and equity $ 19 809 216 $ 17 552 307PUBLIC STORAGE SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Computation of Funds Available for Distribution (“FAD”) (Unaudited – amounts in thousands except per share data) Three Months Ended December 31  Year Ended December 31  2023 2022 2023 2022 FFO allocable to common shares $ 666 263 $ 595 116 $ 2 924 288 $ 2 900 815 Eliminate effect of items included in FFO but not FAD: Share-based compensation expense in excess of cash paid 6 347 8 268 27 616 39 876 Foreign currency exchange loss (gain) 71 121 138 956 51 197 (98 314 ) Less: Capital expenditures in real estate facilities (136 679 ) (123 063 ) (460 454 ) (452 316 ) FAD (a) $ 607 052 $ 619 277 $ 2 542 647 $ 2 390 061 Distributions paid to common shareholders: Regular $ 526 693 $ 350 256 $ 2 106 065 $ 1 400 998 Special (b) — — — 2 302 414 Distributions paid to common shareholders $ 526 693 $ 350 256 $ 2 106 065 $ 3 703 412 Distribution payout ratio 86.8 % 56.6 % 82.8 % 155.0 % Distribution payout ratio (on regular dividends only) (c) 86.8 % 56.6 % 82.8 % 58.6 % Distributions per common share: Regular $ 3.00 $ 2.00 $ 12.00 $ 8.00 Special (b) $ — $ — $ — $ 13.15(a) FAD represents FFO adjusted to exclude certain non-cash charges and to deduct capital expenditures. We utilize FAD in evaluating our ongoing cash flow available for investment  debt repayment  and common distributions. We believe investors and analysts utilize FAD in a similar manner. FAD is not a substitute for GAAP net cash flow in evaluating our liquidity or ability to pay dividends  because it excludes investing and financing activities presented on our statements of cash flows. In addition  other REITs may compute this measure differently  so comparisons among REITs may not be helpful. (b) A special dividend of $13.15 per common share was paid on August 4  2022  in connection with the gain on sale of our equity investment in PSB on July 20  2022. (c) Supplemental payout ratio  excluding the impact of the special dividend  which was due to the gain on sale of our equity investment in PSB. This supplemental measure is presented to portray regular dividends  because FAD excludes the gain on sale of our equity investment in PSB.PUBLIC STORAGE SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Reconciliation of Self-Storage Net Operating Income to Net Income (Unaudited – amounts in thousands) Three Months Ended December 31  Year Ended December 31  2023 2022 2023 2022 Self-storage revenues for: Same Store Facilities $ 851 433 $ 844 985 $ 3 427 867 $ 3 273 823 Acquired facilities 144 355 91 986 450 653 327 245 Newly developed and expanded facilities 67 217 61 788 262 450 230 999 Other non-same store facilities 29 583 29 594 118 643 113 961 Self-storage revenues 1 092 588 1 028 353 4 259 613 3 946 028 Self-storage cost of operations for: Same Store Facilities 197 931 188 239 802 269 766 405 Acquired facilities 44 182 27 652 144 498 109 744 Newly developed and expanded facilities 19 594 16 667 78 531 67 805 Other non-same store facilities 6 165 8 698 36 652 36 255 Self-storage cost of operations 267 872 241 256 1 061 950 980 209 Self-storage NOI for: Same Store Facilities 653 502 656 746 2 625 598 2 507 418 Acquired facilities 100 173 64 334 306 155 217 501 Newly developed and expanded facilities 47 623 45 121 183 919 163 194 Other non-same store facilities 23 418 20 896 81 991 77 706 Self-storage NOI (a) 824 716 787 097 3 197 663 2 965 819 Ancillary revenues 67 280 60 189 258 077 236 135 Ancillary cost of operations (22 959 ) (18 401 ) (85 996 ) (72 698 ) Depreciation and amortization (287 525 ) (226 538 ) (970 056 ) (888 146 ) Real estate acquisition and development expense (12 764 ) (10 397 ) (26 451 ) (28 744 ) General and administrative expense (23 172 ) (19 575 ) (80 632 ) (71 672 ) Interest and other income 16 209 14 173 85 590 40 567 Interest expense (68 602 ) (36 141 ) (201 132 ) (136 319 ) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 5 110 6 852 27 897 106 981 Gain on sale of real estate 17 090 — 17 178 1 503 Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks  Inc. — — — 2 128 860 Foreign currency exchange (loss) gain (71 121 ) (138 956 ) (51 197 ) 98 314 Income tax expense (2 365 ) (3 369 ) (10 821 ) (14 326 ) Net income on our income statement $ 441 897 $ 414 934 $ 2 160 120 $ 4 366 274(a) Net operating income or “NOI” is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes the impact of depreciation and amortization expense  which is based upon historical costs and assumes that building values diminish ratably over time  while we believe that real estate values fluctuate due to market conditions. We utilize NOI in determining current property values  evaluating property performance  and evaluating operating trends. We believe that investors and analysts utilize NOI in a similar manner. NOI is not a substitute for net income  operating cash flow  or other related GAAP financial measures  in evaluating our operating results. This table reconciles from NOI for our self-storage facilities to the net income presented on our income statement.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240220785696/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.71,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['Public Storage Reports Results', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Year', 'Same Store direct net operating income', '0.8 million net rentable square feet', '3.6 million net rentable square feet', '2.7 million net rentable square feet', '1.7 million net rentable square feet', 'direct net operating income margin', '90,000-customer Simply Self Storage portfolio', 'foreign currency exchange losses', 'higher realized annual rent', 'BREIT Simply Storage LLC', 'high growth non-same store', 'self-storage net operating income', 'operating model transformation', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'PS Business Parks', 'unsecured senior notes', 'Euro denominated notes', 'Non-Same Store Facilities', 'significant external growth', 'Same Store revenues', 'various expansion projects', 'net income', 'eleven self-storage facilities', 'square foot', '79.7% Same Store', 'diluted common share', 'operating results', 'Public Storage', 'Simply Acquisition', 'annual rates', '127 self-storage facilities', '25 self-storage facilities', '37 self-storage facilities', 'various facilities', 'same period', 'self-storage company', '$37.6 million increase', '$67.8 million decrease', '$17.1 million increase', '$61.0 million increase', '$32.5 million increase', '$40.8 million increase', '$3.2 million decrease', 'common shareholders', 'fourth quarter', 'record revenues', '3,000 owned properties', 'entire team', 'Joe Russell', 'highest margins', 'balance sheet', 'unmatched levels', 'value creation', 'Three Months', 'core FFO', 'equity investment', 'Closed acquisitions', 'third parties', '30-year tranches', 'Compounded SOFR', 'real estate', 'amortization expense', 'interest expense', 'marketing expense', 'diluted share', '$2.1 billion gain', '4.7% increase', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'focus', 'determination', 'President', 'industry', 'ability', 'performance', 'future', 'Highlights', 'five', 'cost', 'December', 'development', 'contribution', 'PSB', 'July', 'cash', 'September', 'connection', 'sale', 'depreciation', 'decline', 'occupancy', 'operations', 'impact', '5.']",2024-02-20,2024-02-21,marketscreener.com
36468,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/99728/worldline-extends-contract-with-bnp-paribas-fortis,Worldline extends contract with BNP Paribas Fortis,Worldline (Euronext: WLN)  a global leader in payment services  is extending its partnership with BNP Paribas Fortis  the Belgian subsidiary of the French multinational bank and financial services provider  BNP Paribas. The extension is starting from now ...,Source: WorldlineWorldline (Euronext: WLN)  a global leader in payment services  is extending its partnership with BNP Paribas Fortis  the Belgian subsidiary of the French multinational bank and financial services provider  BNP Paribas.The extension is starting from now on  for five years at least  and focuses on the delivery of best-in-class and customer-centric issuing solutions.Worldline delivers a wide range of issuing services to BNP Paribas Fortis  covering amongst others local and international debit and credit payment brands; different payment types as POS  e-commerce  mobile; and customer services such as dispute management  fraud management and card blocking.The relationship between Worldline and BNP Paribas Fortis is built on a foundation of trust and a deep understanding of BNP Paribas Fortis’s infrastructure  client platforms and innovative goals. Through the partnership  Worldline will continue to support BNP Paribas Fortis’s strategic initiatives and the completion of compliance projects to secure both qualitative and quantitative results.Alessandro Baroni  Head of Worldline Financial Services  said: “We are proud that BNP Paribas Fortis agreed to extend our partnership  as it is a clear token of trust. By committing to further enhancement of our service offerings and solidifying our presence at the forefront of innovation in the payments market  Worldline will be able to further support BNP Paribas Fortis through the delivery of high-quality  client-centric services. The extension of this partnership cements Worldline's position as a key partner of banks  not only in Belgium  but across Europe and beyond.”Worldline is committed to long-term partnerships based on innovation  joint strategy developing co-created solutions. This announcement marks a significant milestone  highlighting Worldline’s position as a trusted partner for financial services  and greatly increases its impact and position in the Belgian market.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.34,0.33,0.33,True,English,"['BNP Paribas Fortis', 'Worldline', 'contract', 'French multinational bank', 'BNP Paribas Fortis', 'credit payment brands', 'different payment types', 'high-quality, client-centric services', 'financial services provider', 'customer-centric issuing solutions', 'Worldline Financial Services', 'payment services', 'issuing services', 'customer services', 'global leader', 'Belgian subsidiary', 'five years', 'wide range', 'international debit', 'dispute management', 'fraud management', 'card blocking', 'deep understanding', 'client platforms', 'innovative goals', 'strategic initiatives', 'compliance projects', 'quantitative results', 'Alessandro Baroni', 'clear token', 'service offerings', 'payments market', 'key partner', 'long-term partnerships', 'joint strategy', 'significant milestone', 'trusted partner', 'Belgian market', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'extension', 'delivery', 'class', 'others', 'local', 'POS', 'commerce', 'relationship', 'foundation', 'infrastructure', 'completion', 'qualitative', 'Head', 'enhancement', 'presence', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'banks', 'Belgium', 'Europe', 'announcement', 'impact']",2024-02-21,2024-02-21,finextra.com
36469,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/cairn-homes-plc-notice-of-fy-2023-preliminary-results-1033087241,Cairn Homes Plc: Notice of FY 2023 Preliminary Results,Dublin/London  21 February 2024: Cairn Homes plc (“Cairn”  or the “Company”) (Euronext Dublin: C5H/LSE: CRN) will issue its full year results for the period ended 31 December 2023 on Thursday  29 February 2024. The results will be available on the Company's website  www.cairnhomes.com  from 7:00am (GMT) that morning.,Cairn Homes plcNotice of FY 2023 Preliminary ResultsDublin/London  21 February 2024: Cairn Homes plc (“Cairn”  or the “Company”) (Euronext Dublin: C5H/LSE: CRN) will issue its full year results for the period ended 31 December 2023 on Thursday  29 February 2024.The results will be available on the Company's website  www.cairnhomes.com  from 7:00am (GMT) that morning.On the same morning  an analyst and investor call will be hosted by the Company at 8:30am (GMT). Please use the numbers below  quoting the following access code: 579710Ireland (Local): +353 1 691 7842 United Kingdom (Local): +44 20 3936 2999 United States (Local): +1 646 787 9445 International (Local): +44 20 3936 2999-ENDS-For further information  contact:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Stephen Kane  Director of Corporate Finance & Investor RelationsDeclan Murray  Head of Finance and TreasuryDrury Communications +353 1 260 5000Billy MurphyGavin McLoughlinNotes to EditorsCairn Homes plc (“Cairn”) is an Irish homebuilder committed to building high-quality  competitively priced  sustainable new homes and communities in great locations. At Cairn  the homeowner is at the very centre of the design process. We strive to provide unparalleled customer service throughout each stage of the home-buying journey. A new Cairn home is expertly designed  with a focus on creating shared spaces and environments where communities thrive. Cairn owns a c. 16 300 unit landbank across 34 residential development sites  over 90% of which are located in the Greater Dublin Area (“GDA”) with excellent public transport and infrastructure links.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'FY 2023 Preliminary Results', 'Notice', 'high-quality, competitively priced, sustainable new homes', 'new Cairn home', 'following access code', 'Gavin McLoughlin Notes', 'unparalleled customer service', 'c. 16,300 unit landbank', '34 residential development sites', 'excellent public transport', 'Greater Dublin Area', 'FY 2023 Preliminary Results', 'full year results', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'Euronext Dublin', 'same morning', 'investor call', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Stephen Kane', 'Investor Relations', 'Declan Murray', 'Drury Communications', 'Billy Murphy', 'Irish homebuilder', 'great locations', 'design process', 'home-buying journey', 'shared spaces', 'infrastructure links', 'Corporate Finance', 'Notice', 'London', 'February', 'Company', 'C5H/LSE', 'CRN', 'period', 'Thursday', 'website', 'cairnhomes', '7:00am', 'GMT', 'analyst', '8:30am', 'numbers', 'Ireland', 'Local', 'ENDS', 'information', 'Director', 'Head', 'Treasury', 'Editors', 'communities', 'homeowner', 'centre', 'stage', 'focus', 'environments', 'GDA']",2024-02-21,2024-02-21,markets.businessinsider.com
36470,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/eutelsat-group-advance-maritime-offer-095900956.html,Eutelsat Group’s ADVANCE Maritime Offer Supporting Universal Satcom to Consolidate and Extend Its Service Offering,Eutelsat Group’s ADVANCE Maritime offer supporting Universal Satcom to consolidate and extend its service offering,"PARIS  February 21  2024--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eutelsat Group (ISIN: FR0010221234 - Euronext Paris / London Stock Exchange: ETL) (Paris:ETL) (LSE:ETL)  has extended its partnership with Universal Satcom  the Dubai-based satellite communication system integrator.Eutelsat and Universal Satcom have been collaborating for some time  and this recent multi-year deal will enable Universal Satcom to leverage Eutelsat’s Geostationary ADVANCE maritime packaged solutions in Ku-band to extend its coverage in MENA and globally.Reema El Omari  Chief Executive Officer of Universal Satcom  commented: ""Universal Satcom is well established in the MENA region where we offer support to ships that provide services to large barges or oil rigs. These markets demand the highest level of service that we can provide to our clients  thanks to Eutelsat’s solution. We have been working with them in the past and are glad to have the opportunity to expand this partnership in the future.""Cyril Dujardin  Co-President of Eutelsat Group’s Connectivity Business Unit  added: ""Unrestricted maritime connectivity is essential for oil and gas companies  with vessels transporting these resources around the world. We’ve been working with Universal Satcom for a few years and are honoured by the trust they put in our high-quality service.""Eutelsat ADVANCE offers vital connectivity with reliable high-speed communications to manage critical data and telemetry connectivity across vast coverage areas. ADVANCE Maritime is specially designed to meet the connectivity needs of mobile users in the most remote areas of the world. It offers packaged and wholesale solutions for service providers targeting different maritime markets with multi-regional or global coverage.About Eutelsat GroupEutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of Eutelsat and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 35 geostationary (GEO) satellites and a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites. The Group addresses customers' needs in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services. Eutelsat Group’s unique suite of in-orbit assets and on-ground infrastructure enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 700 people from more than 50 countries. The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL).Story continuesFind out more at www.eutelsat.comDISCLAIMERThe forward-looking statements included herein are for illustrative purposes only and are based on management’s views and assumptions as of the date of this document. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. For illustrative purposes only  such risks include but are not limited to: risks related to the health crisis; operational risks related to satellite failures or impaired satellite performance  or failure to roll out the deployment plan as planned and within the expected timeframe; risks related to the trend in the satellite telecommunications market resulting from increased competition or technological changes affecting the market; risks related to the international dimension of the Group's customers and activities; risks related to the adoption of international rules on frequency coordination and financial risks related  inter alia  to the financial guarantee granted to the Intergovernmental Organization's closed pension fund  and foreign exchange risk. Eutelsat Communications expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any projections  forecasts or estimates contained in this document to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. The information contained in this document is not based on historical fact and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts or data mentioned will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers as reasonable.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240221758897/en/ContactsMedia enquiriesJoanna DarlingtonTel. +33 674 521 531jdarlington@eutelsat.comAnita BaltagiTel. +33 643 930 178abaltagi@eutelsat.comKatie DowdTel. +1 202 271 2209kdowd@oneweb.netInvestorsJoanna DarlingtonTel. +33 674 521 531jdarlington@eutelsat.comHugo Laurens Berge+33 670 80 95 58hlaurensberge@eutelsat.com",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.22,0.49,True,English,"['ADVANCE Maritime Offer', 'Eutelsat Group', 'Universal Satcom', 'Service Offering', 'Dubai-based satellite communication system integrator', 'Geostationary ADVANCE maritime packaged solutions', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'foreign exchange risk', 'recent multi-year deal', 'Reema El Omari', 'Chief Executive Officer', '35 geostationary (GEO) satellites', 'four key verticals', 'closed pension fund', 'Hugo Laurens Berge', 'GEO-LEO satellite operator', 'different maritime markets', 'Unrestricted maritime connectivity', 'Low Earth Orbit', 'reliable high-speed communications', 'environmentally sustainable connectivity', 'satellite telecommunications market', 'Connectivity Business Unit', 'high-growth connectivity markets', 'vast coverage areas', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'satellite communications', 'wholesale solutions', 'integrated solutions', 'satellite failures', 'satellite performance', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'remote areas', 'orbit assets', 'Eutelsat ADVANCE', 'vital connectivity', 'telemetry connectivity', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'Regulatory News', 'Universal Satcom', 'large barges', 'highest level', 'Cyril Dujardin', 'gas companies', 'mobile users', 'global coverage', 'global leader', 'LEO) constellation', '6,500 television channels', 'unique suite', 'ground infrastructure', 'digital divide', 'illustrative purposes', 'health crisis', 'deployment plan', 'technological changes', 'international dimension', 'international rules', 'frequency coordination', 'Intergovernmental Organization', 'applicable law', 'historical fact', 'source version', 'Media enquiries', 'Joanna Darlington', 'Anita Baltagi', 'Katie Dowd', 'connectivity needs', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'high-quality service', 'service providers', 'broadcast services', 'Government Services', 'global customers', 'The Group', 'MENA region', 'oil rigs', 'financial guarantee', 'unknown risks', 'operational risks', 'financial risks', ""customers' needs"", 'critical data', 'The Company', 'Eutelsat Group', '600 satellites', 'February', 'ISIN', 'ETL', 'LSE', 'partnership', 'Ku-band', 'support', 'ships', 'clients', 'past', 'opportunity', 'future', 'Co-President', 'vessels', 'resources', 'world', 'years', 'trust', 'multi-regional', 'combination', 'OneWeb', 'fleet', 'Video', '1,700 people', '50 countries', 'Story', 'DISCLAIMER', 'management', 'views', 'assumptions', 'date', 'document', 'expected', 'timeframe', 'trend', 'competition', 'activities', 'adoption', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'projections', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'events', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'information', 'facts', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'jdarlington', 'abaltagi', 'kdowd', 'Investors', 'hlaurensberge']",2024-02-21,2024-02-21,finance.yahoo.com
36471,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-02/61461115-roctool-issue-of-1-049-290-new-shares-in-connection-with-the-early-redemption-of-ornan-2021-015.htm,ROCTOOL: Issue of 1 049 290 new shares in connection with the early redemption of ORNAN 2021,Issue of 1 049 290 new shares in connection with the early redemption of ORNAN 2021 ROCTOOL ROCTOOL: Issue of 1 049 290 new shares in connection with the early redemption of ORNAN 2021,"DJ ROCTOOL: Issue of 1 049 290 new shares in connection with the early redemption of ORNAN 2021ROCTOOL ROCTOOL: Issue of 1 049 290 new shares in connection with the early redemption of ORNAN 2021 21-Feb-2024 / 08:00 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Press Release Le Bourget-du-Lac  21st of February 2024  8am CET Issue of 1 049 290 new shares in connection with the early redemption of ORNAN 2021 Roctool (Euronext Growth - FR0010523167 - ALROC)  specialists in mold heating and cooling technologies for plastics and composites  announces the issue of 1 049 290 new shares following the early redemption of all the ORNAN 2021 bonds. On February 20  2024  Roctool's Board of Directors noted the issue of 1 049 290 new shares  each with a par value of twenty (20) cents (the ""New Shares"")  following early redemption of the 636 950 ORNAN 2021 bonds outstanding at February 15  2024. Settlement of the New Shares will take place on February 23  2024. will be admitted to trading on Euronext Growth on the same date and will be listed on the same line as existing Roctool shares (Euronext Growth FR0010523167 - ALROC). The company's share capital is now made up of 6 731 186 shares  each with a par value of twenty (20) cents each. Next publication: annual results in April 2024 Contact press / Investor relations Aelyon advisors Valentine Boivin +33 1 75 77 54 65 roctool@aelyonadvisors.com About Roctool: Roctool  specializes in rapid heat and cool technologies for plastic injection and composite molding. The processes developed by Roctool are in production in the following industries: automotive  electronics  consumer products  renewable energy  beauty packaging and medical. Roctool is an induction molding technology  working with plastic and composite including recycled materials. Roctool offers Engineering services  induction generators  tooling hardware and on-site support to manufacturers around the globe. Roctool technologies are well known for removing secondary operations which enable manufacturers to reduce the overall cost of the parts produced  as well as their environmental impact. Headquarters are found in Le Bourget-du-Lac (France)  Roctool is present in the USA  China  Japan and Germany. For more information: www.roctool.com =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Regulatory filing PDF file File: 20240221_PR_Roctool_Conversion_ORNAN_new_shares =---------------------------------------------------- Language: English Company: ROCTOOL Savoie Technolac Modul R 73370 LE BOURGET DU LAC France Internet: www.roctool.com ISIN: FR0010523167 Euronext Ticker: ALROC AMF Category: Inside information / Other releases EQS News ID: 1841323 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1841323 21-Feb-2024 CET/CESTImage link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1841323&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresFebruary 21  2024 02:00 ET (07:00 GMT)",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['1,049,290 new shares', 'early redemption', 'ROCTOOL', 'Issue', 'connection', 'ORNAN', 'LE BOURGET DU LAC France Internet', 'Regulatory filing PDF file File', 'ROCTOOL Savoie Technolac Modul R', 'French Regulatory News', 'Dow Jones Newswires', 'EQS News ID', 'EQS News Service', 'induction molding technology', 'ALROC AMF Category', 'existing Roctool shares', '8am CET Issue', 'Le Bourget-du-Lac', 'induction generators', 'EQS Group', '1,049,290 new shares', 'early redemption', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Growth', 'cooling technologies', 'par value', 'twenty (20) cents', 'same date', 'same line', 'share capital', 'Next publication', 'annual results', 'Contact press', 'Investor relations', 'Aelyon advisors', 'Valentine Boivin', 'rapid heat', 'cool technologies', 'composite molding', 'following industries', 'consumer products', 'renewable energy', 'beauty packaging', 'recycled materials', 'Engineering services', 'site support', 'secondary operations', 'overall cost', 'environmental impact', 'Euronext Ticker', 'Other releases', 'Image link', 'DJ ROCTOOL', 'Roctool technologies', 'ORNAN 2021 bonds', 'CEST Dissemination', 'English Company', 'ROCTOOL ROCTOOL', 'ORNAN 2021 Roctool', '6,731,186 shares', '08:00 CET', 'connection', 'Feb', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'specialists', 'heating', 'plastics', 'composites', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Settlement', 'place', 'April', 'aelyonadvisors', 'injection', 'processes', 'production', 'automotive', 'electronics', 'medical', 'hardware', 'manufacturers', 'globe', 'parts', 'Headquarters', 'USA', 'China', 'Japan', 'Germany', 'information', 'PR_Roctool_Conversion_ORNAN_new_shares', 'Language', 'ISIN', 'cockpit', 'cgi', 'bin', 'fncls']",2024-02-06,2024-02-21,finanznachrichten.de
36472,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/innate-pharma-announces-participation-upcoming-060000484.html,Innate Pharma Announces Its Participation to Upcoming Investor Conference,"Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (""Innate"" or the ""Company"") today announced that members of its senior management team are scheduled to participate in the upcoming investor conference ","MARSEILLE  France  February 21  2024--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (""Innate"" or the ""Company"") today announced that members of its senior management team are scheduled to participate in the upcoming investor conference  detailed below.Leerink Partners Global Biopharma Conference 2024Event Date: March 11-13  2024  Miami  FloridaAbout Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including ""believe "" ""potential "" ""expect"" and ""will"" and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (""Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (""AMF"")  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.Story continuesThis press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240220117014/en/ContactsFor additional information  please contact:InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.eu",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.0,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conference', 'Innate Pharma', 'Participation', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'U.S. Securities', 'Global Biopharma Conference', 'senior management team', 'upcoming investor conference', 'multiple tumor types', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'innate immune system', 'leading research institutions', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'proprietary platform', 'financial condition', 'cancer patients', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Leerink Partners', 'Event Date', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'amf-france.org', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'source version', 'Media Relations', 'Arthur Rouillé', 'Euronext Paris', 'actual results', 'advanced form', 'US office', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'looking information', 'additional information', 'numerous risks', 'Henry Wheeler', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', 'MARSEILLE', 'February', 'members', 'March', 'Miami', 'Florida', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'expect', 'will', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'reports', 'year', 'Story', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'innate-pharma', 'NewCap', '33', '1']",2024-02-21,2024-02-21,finance.yahoo.com
36473,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/molten-ventures-plc-secondary-position-in-seedcamp-fund-iii-1033086205,Molten Ventures Plc: Secondary position in Seedcamp Fund III,Molten Ventures plc (LSE: GROW  Euronext Dublin: GRW)  a leading venture capital firm investing in and developing high growth digital technology businesses  is pleased to announce the acquisition of a secondary position in Seedcamp Fund III. The Group has ...,"Molten Ventures plc(""Molten""  the ""Group"" or the ""Company"")Secondary position in Seedcamp Fund IIIMolten Ventures plc (LSE: GROW  Euronext Dublin: GRW)  a leading venture capital firm investing in and developing high growth digital technology businesses  is pleased to announce the acquisition of a secondary position in Seedcamp Fund III.The Group has acquired approximately 19% of the Fund for €8.5m. This 2016 vintage fund contains a portfolio of high-growth  disruptive technology companies  with over 80% of the value concentrated in six mature  proven assets in attractive market segments: Revolut  Pleo  Grover  WeFox  Thriva and Curve.The Group does not envisage any further funding to be necessary for the underlying portfolio companies.The acquisition is in line with the Group’s previously communicated strategy to access exceptional secondary investments at attractive valuations.Molten Ventures has previously acquired secondary positions in Seedcamp Funds I & II  Earlybird DWES Funds IV and Earlybird Digital East Fund I. Molten’s secondary strategy leverages its network in the venture capital market to provide liquidity to later life funds  with a focus on acquiring portfolios of high quality assets with nearer term visibility on realisation opportunities. To date the secondary strategy has delivered 2.5x returns (multiple on invested capital).Martin Davis  Chief Executive Officer  Molten Ventures  commented:“As we observed when launching our fundraising late last year  the current macroeconomic conditions are an opportunity for Molten Ventures  and we’re pleased to have been able to act quickly to identify and invest in this portfolio of high quality  later-stage assets. We are also pleased to further deepen our relationship with Seedcamp through this transaction”.-ENDS-Enquiries:Molten Ventures plc Martin Davis (Chief Executive Officer) Ben Wilkinson (Chief Financial Officer) +44 (0)20 7931 8800 ir@molten.vc Deutsche Numis Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker Simon Willis Jamie Loughborough Iqra Amin +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Goodbody Stockbrokers Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker  Euronext Dublin Sponsor Don Harrington Dearbhla Gallagher William Hall +44 (0) 20 3841 6202 Powerscourt Public relations Elly Williamson Nick Hayns +44 (0)7970 246 725 / +44 (0)7880 744 379 molten@powerscourt-group.comAbout Molten VenturesMolten Ventures is a leading venture capital firm in Europe  developing and investing in disruptive  high growth technology companies. We inject visionary companies with energy to help them transform and grow. This energy comes in many forms - capital  of course  but also knowledge  experience  and relationships. We believe it is our role to support the entrepreneurs who will invent the future  and that future is being built  today  in Europe.As at 30 September 2023  Molten Ventures had a diverse portfolio with shareholdings in 74 companies  17 of which represent our Core Portfolio holdings and account for 62% of the Gross Portfolio Value. Our core companies include Thought Machine  Coachhub  Form3  Aiven  Ledger and Aircall. We invest across four sectors: Enterprise Technology  Hardware and Deeptech  Consumer Technology  and Digital Health and Wellness  with highly experienced partners constantly looking for new opportunities in each. We look for high-growth companies operating in new markets  with aspirations for global expansion  strong IP  powerful technology  and strong management teams to deliver success. We also look for businesses with the potential to generate strong margins to ensure rapid  sustainable growth in substantial addressable markets.Molten Ventures provides a unique opportunity for public market investors to access these fast-growing tech businesses  without having to commit to long term investments with limited liquidity. Since our IPO in June 2016  we have deployed over £1bn capital into fast growing tech companies and have realised £520m to 30 September 2023.For more information  go to https://www.moltenventures.com/",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.16,0.02,True,English,"['Molten Ventures Plc', 'Seedcamp Fund III', 'Secondary position', 'Euronext Dublin Sponsor Don Harrington Dearbhla Gallagher William Hall', 'Corporate Broker Simon Willis Jamie Loughborough Iqra Amin', 'Powerscourt Public relations Elly Williamson Nick Hayns', 'vc Deutsche Numis Joint Financial Adviser', 'Earlybird Digital East Fund I. Molten', 'Goodbody Stockbrokers Joint Financial Adviser', 'disruptive, high growth technology companies', 'high growth digital technology businesses', 'six mature, proven assets', 'strong IP, powerful technology', 'leading venture capital firm', 'high-growth, disruptive technology companies', 'fast growing tech companies', 'public market investors', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'high quality assets', 'rapid, sustainable growth', 'Earlybird DWES Funds', 'growing tech businesses', 'venture capital market', 'nearer term visibility', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'current macroeconomic conditions', 'strong management teams', 'long term investments', 'later life funds', 'attractive market segments', 'substantial addressable markets', 'Seedcamp Fund III', 'exceptional secondary investments', 'underlying portfolio companies', 'Molten Ventures plc', 'Core Portfolio holdings', 'Gross Portfolio Value', 'Digital Health', 'high-growth companies', 'Enterprise Technology', 'Consumer Technology', 'core companies', '2016 vintage fund', 'later-stage assets', 'strong margins', 'Seedcamp Funds', 'visionary companies', 'attractive valuations', 'new markets', '£1bn capital', 'Secondary position', 'diverse portfolio', 'realisation opportunities', '2.5x returns', 'Martin Davis', 'Ben Wilkinson', 'many forms', 'Thought Machine', 'four sectors', 'experienced partners', 'new opportunities', 'global expansion', 'secondary strategy', 'The Group', 'unique opportunity', 'limited liquidity', '74 companies', 'Company', 'LSE', 'GRW', 'acquisition', 'Revolut', 'Pleo', 'Grover', 'WeFox', 'Thriva', 'Curve', 'funding', 'line', 'network', 'focus', 'portfolios', 'date', 'fundraising', 'relationship', 'transaction', 'ENDS', 'Enquiries', 'powerscourt-group', 'Europe', 'energy', 'course', 'knowledge', 'role', 'entrepreneurs', 'future', '30 September', 'shareholdings', 'Coachhub', 'Aiven', 'Ledger', 'Aircall', 'Hardware', 'Deeptech', 'Wellness', 'aspirations', 'success', 'potential', 'IPO', 'June', 'information', 'moltenventures']",2024-02-21,2024-02-21,markets.businessinsider.com
36474,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/aedifica-nv-sa-2023-annual-063000667.html,Aedifica NV/SA: 2023 annual results,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding its 2023 annual results. Robust operational performance driving strong results ahead ...,AedificaPlease find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding its 2023 annual results.Robust operational performance driving strong results ahead of budgetEPRA Earnings* amounted to €219.6 million (+21% compared to 31 Dec. 2022) or €5.02/shareRental income increased to €314.2 million (+15% compared to 31 Dec. 2022)5.2% increase in rental income on a like-for-like basis over the yearWeighted average unexpired lease term of 19 years and occupancy rate of 100%Real estate portfolio* of more than €5.8 billion as at 31 December 2023617 healthcare properties for approx. 46 900 end users across 8 countriesInvestment programme of €413 million in pre-let development projects and acquisitions in progress  of which €245 million remains to be invested. In 2023  36 projects were delivered for a total investment budget of approx. €309 millionSolid balance sheet and strong liquidity39.7% debt-to-assets ratio as at 31 December 2023Strengthening equity: €406 million raised on capital markets through two capital increases (rights issue & optional dividend)New long-term bank financing contracted for €645 million (of which €540 million is refinancing and €105 million is new financing)€911 million of headroom on committed credit lines to finance CAPEX and liquidity needsBBB investment-grade credit rating with a stable outlook reaffirmed by S&POutlookProposed dividend of €3.80/share (gross) is confirmed (distribution in May 2024)EPRA Earnings* for 2024 are estimated at €223 million  or €4.70/shareUK REIT regime will increase the contribution of UK operating cashflows to the Group’s resultsAn increasing dividend of €3.90/share (gross) proposed for the 2024 financial yearAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['Aedifica NV/SA', '2023 annual results', 'public regulated real estate company', 'average unexpired lease term', 'BBB investment-grade credit rating', 'New long-term bank financing', 'Real estate portfolio', 'committed credit lines', 'Robust operational performance', 'Solid balance sheet', 'UK REIT regime', 'UK operating cashflows', 'two capital increases', 'S&P Outlook', '2024 financial year Attachments', 'total investment budget', 'new financing', 'Investment programme', 'capital markets', 'stable outlook', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'EPRA Earnings', 'Rental income', 'occupancy rate', '617 healthcare properties', '46,900 end users', 'strong liquidity', 'assets ratio', 'Strengthening equity', 'rights issue', 'liquidity needs', '2023 annual results', 'strong results', 'optional dividend', 'increasing dividend', 'development projects', '36 projects', 'Aedifica', '31 Dec.', '5.2% increase', 'basis', '19 years', '31 December', 'approx', '8 countries', 'acquisitions', 'progress', '39.7% debt', 'headroom', 'CAPEX', 'gross', 'distribution', 'May', 'contribution', 'Group']",2024-02-21,2024-02-21,uk.finance.yahoo.com
