UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57534,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.livemint.com/industry/banking/national-payments-corporation-of-india-chief-dilip-asbe-joins-swift-board-11791455589188.html,National Payments Corporation of India chief Dilip Asbe joins Swift board,Swift's 15-member board will oversee strategy  management  risk and controls under a revised governance structure approved by shareholders.,National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) managing director and chief executive Dilip Asbe has been appointed an independent director on Swift’s new 15-member supervisory board  as the global financial messaging network moves to a new two-tier governance structure.Alongside Asbe  Swift announced the appointments of senior executives from J.P. Morgan  HSBC  Bank of America  MUFG Bank and Standard Chartered on Thursday.Swift stands for the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication and is a members-owned cooperative that provides the messaging network and standards used by financial institutions to communicate securely on cross-border transactions.It does not hold funds or manage customer accounts  but connects more than 12 500 institutions across more than 200 countries and territories.New board structure The new structure replaces Swift’s earlier single board of directors with a supervisory board and management board  supported by a 25-member Swift Council. The change was approved by shareholders at the annual general meeting in June 2026  following amendments to Swift’s by-laws  and the new supervisory board held its first meeting on 6 October.The supervisory board has 15 members  including an independent chair  four independent directors and 10 shareholder-affiliated directors  and is responsible for strategic oversight  including approving strategy and overseeing management  risk and controls.Alongside Asbe  the new board includes Graeme Munro of J.P. Morgan as chair  Ahmed Abdelaal  group chief executive of Mashreq Bank; Arthur Ambrose of Citi; Manish Kohli  head of global payments solutions at HSBC; Mark Monaco  head of global payments solutions at Bank of America; Noritoshi Murakami  head of transaction banking at MUFG Bank; and Michael Spiegel  managing director of the corporate and investment bank at Standard Chartered.The new board also includes independent directors Burkhard Balz  Inge Boets and Rima Qureshi.Also Read | Irdai commission caps: Brokers to seek more time to submit feedback on FridayThe governance overhaul also brings changes from the previous board. Swift’s 2024 board of directors had 25 members drawn from banks and financial-market infrastructure institutions  including Samantha Emery of Lloyds Banking Group  Marc De Rycke of Euroclear and Ole Matthiessen of Deutsche Bank.Those three are not part of the new 15-member supervisory board. Other former directors  including Munro  Ambrose and Murakami  have moved into the new structure  providing continuity during the transition.Future focus The new board will help shape its strategy as Swift develops a blockchain-based ledger for tokenised assets  faster cross-border transaction services and technology capabilities around artificial intelligence  post-quantum computing and cybersecurity.Asbe has headed NPCI since January 2018  after previously serving as its chief operating officer. He has played a key role in the development of IMPS (Immediate Payment Service)  Aadhaar Enabled Payment System  RuPay  NETC-FASTag and Unified Payments Interface (UPI). Under his leadership  NPCI has also expanded subsidiaries focused on international payments  bill payments and emerging technologies.Also Read | Irdai's new proposals could reshape how India buys insurance,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['National Payments Corporation', 'chief Dilip Asbe', 'Swift board', 'India', 'Aadhaar Enabled Payment System', 'Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication', 'faster cross-border transaction services', 'global financial messaging network', 'new two-tier governance structure', 'new 15-member supervisory board', 'Immediate Payment Service', 'J.P. Morgan', 'global payments solutions', 'Marc De Rycke', 'National Payments Corporation', 'chief operating officer', 'Unified Payments Interface', 'annual general meeting', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'earlier single board', 'new supervisory board', 'group chief executive', 'Irdai commission caps', 'financial-market infrastructure institutions', 'Other former directors', 'New board structure', '25-member Swift Council', 'four independent directors', 'transaction banking', 'new structure', 'financial institutions', 'cross-border transactions', 'governance overhaul', 'new proposals', 'international payments', 'bill payments', 'first meeting', 'previous board', 'managing director', 'senior executives', 'Standard Chartered', 'members-owned cooperative', 'customer accounts', '10 shareholder-affiliated directors', 'strategic oversight', 'Ahmed Abdelaal', 'Manish Kohli', 'Mark Monaco', 'Michael Spiegel', 'Burkhard Balz', 'Inge Boets', 'Rima Qureshi', 'Samantha Emery', 'Ole Matthiessen', 'Future focus', 'blockchain-based ledger', 'tokenised assets', 'technology capabilities', 'artificial intelligence', 'post-quantum computing', 'key role', 'emerging technologies', 'management board', 'independent chair', 'MUFG Bank', 'Mashreq Bank', 'investment bank', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Graeme Munro', 'Arthur Ambrose', 'Noritoshi Murakami', 'Dilip Asbe', '2024 board', '12,500 institutions', 'India', 'NPCI', 'appointments', 'HSBC', 'America', 'Thursday', 'Society', 'standards', 'funds', '200 countries', 'territories', 'change', 'shareholders', 'June', 'amendments', 'laws', '6 October', '15 members', 'strategy', 'risk', 'controls', 'Citi', 'head', 'corporate', 'Brokers', 'time', 'feedback', 'Friday', '25 members', 'banks', 'Euroclear', 'part', 'continuity', 'transition', 'cybersecurity', 'January', 'development', 'IMPS', 'RuPay', 'NETC-FASTag', 'UPI', 'leadership', 'subsidiaries', 'insurance']",2026-10-08,2026-10-09,livemint.com
57535,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artprice-releases-its-33rd-annual-contemporary-art-market-report-for-2026-record-transactions-price-trends-the-balance-of-market-power-and-artists-from-the-global-south-302901559.html,Artprice Releases its 33rd Annual Contemporary Art Market Report for 2026: Record Transactions  Price Trends  the Balance of Market Power  and Artists from the Global South,PARIS  Oct. 8  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Ahead of the openings of Frieze London and Art Basel Paris  Artprice announces the publication of its 33rd annual Contemporary Art Market Report  examining a market undergoing profound change. Artprice's 2026 Contemporary A…,"PARIS  Oct. 8  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Ahead of the openings of Frieze London and Art Basel Paris  Artprice announces the publication of its 33rd annual Contemporary Art Market Report  examining a market undergoing profound change.Artprice's 2026 Contemporary Art Market Report cover  featuring I See Generative: Chapter 0  Wind  ISG 018 (2026) by Iskra VelitchkovaArtprice's 2026 Contemporary Art Market Report cover  featuring I See Generative: Chapter 0  Wind  ISG 018 (2026) by Iskra Velitchkova CONTEMPORARY ART AUCTION SALES SINCE 2000""Compiling this 33rd Contemporary Art Market Report has been an exhilarating investigation into why  despite the long-awaited recovery  the way this market operates is on the verge of change."" — thierry Ehrmann  Chairman of Artmarket.com and Founder of ArtpriceA More Active Market Without Higher PricesFrom July 2025 through June 2026  the global art market returned decisively to growth  with fine art auction sales increasing by 41%. This momentum  however  owes less to contemporary art than to modern and postwar works.After three consecutive years of decline  contemporary art also returned to growth  albeit more modestly  with sales value rising 6%. Growth was stronger in volume terms  at 9%  and the number of lots sold set a new record for the sixth consecutive year. Three of those records were achieved while sales value was declining: activity continued to expand even at the height of the correction. The segment for artists under 40  however  continued to contract  falling 26.6%. Despite the overall improvement  the gap between these two segments and the rest of the market widened this year.The report examines the drivers of the recovery in detail  in both volume and value terms. It also revisits the correction affecting ultra-contemporary art  which is reversing some of the speculative price surges and gradually bringing prices back toward more sustainable levels  without preventing occasional bursts of enthusiasm.CONTEMPORARY ART AUCTION SALES SINCE 2000Growth Led by the United StatesThe global contemporary art market  as analyzed by Artprice  spans 64 countries  558 cities with active auction markets  and 1 055 auction houses this year. Behind this broad geographic reach lies a far more concentrated reality: most sales value remains clustered in a handful of major market centers  while new growth hubs are emerging  particularly in Asia. This geography of sales reveals both the market's economic balance and the power relationships that shape it. It can be understood on two levels: the geographic distribution of sales  which measures the relative weight of countries and market centers; and the circulation of million-dollar masterpieces  true trophies that trace an even more selective map of power in the art market.The current growth has a clear geographic signature. The increase in global contemporary art auction sales amounts to approximately $100 million  and that entire $100 million gain was recorded in the United States during the reporting period.The United States alone accounts for the bulk of market growth. This result  however  requires some qualification: the apparent strength of the high end of the U.S. market owes much to two Basquiat paintings that sold exceptionally well. Their outsized impact should not be mistaken for a broad-based underlying trend. U.S. dominance extends beyond sales volume to artists' price rankings: American artists account for half of all million-dollar sales during the reporting period.China  by contrast  recorded a marked decline. Still the world's second-largest market  it saw auction sales fall 18%. It nevertheless retained around 40 million-dollar results  recorded primarily in Hong Kong and Beijing. At the same time  other Asian markets are recovering  led by South Korea  where the Seoul market is strengthening.In Europe  the United Kingdom  the world's third-largest market by sales value  remained stable  while France posted growth of 22%. France's most striking result was the increase in its number of transactions  up 18% year over year  placing it third worldwide by volume  behind the United States and the United Kingdom  and confirming the depth of its auction market.Further behind  the Middle East continues to account for a limited share of the global market  despite its steadily strengthening institutional base. Its auction sales fell 28%  a contraction largely attributable to the Gulf countries amid a sharply deteriorating geopolitical environment.Understanding How Prices Are FormedLong-term price adjustments  rising fees  and geopolitical instability: these combined pressures call into question the image of an increasingly globalized contemporary art market. They make a nuanced understanding of price formation and volatility all the more essential—an understanding central to the services developed by Artprice.Drawing on worldwide auction results for more than 60 000 contemporary artists between July 2025 and June 2026  this report has long been an industry reference. Professionals  seasoned collectors  journalists  art enthusiasts  and students will find a precise analysis of the trends  structural changes  and dynamics reshaping the market.Download it now for a data-driven view of the major changes underway  along with the ranking of the top 500 contemporary artists by auction performance.French version:https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/le-marche-de-lart-contemporain-2026English version:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2026Dialogue Between a Thinker and AIThe world-book Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI by thierry Ehrmann  founder of Artprice and an AI pioneer as early as 1987  explores  from an interdisciplinary perspective  the definition of the author and the work  invisible artistic currents  and art market information in an age of ubiquitous AI.In his words: ""Beyond established schools and declared manifestos  AI maps the artistic constellation by picking up weak signals and developments emerging beneath the market's surface."" He adds: ""AI deciphers the field of aesthetic forces to detect geometries of rupture invisible to the traditional eye.""thierry Ehrmann submits his 1 800 pages for critical assessment by nine AI engines that stand out as major players today: OpenAI with ChatGPT 6; Google with the DeepMind ecosystem  Gemini Ultra  and Project Astra; as well as Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta.Available to download free of charge:https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/The Annual Contemporary and Ultra-Contemporary Art Market ReportArtprice.com by ArtmarketMarket OverviewAnalyzing the RecoveryArt PricesA Shifting Geopolitical LandscapeThe Geography of Trophy WorksThe Nationalities Behind Million-Dollar SalesArtists Under 40The Strength of Chinese ArtistsThe Role of Major GalleriesThe Representation of WomenAn Increasingly Prominent Global SouthMiddle EastIndiaIndonesiaLatin America and South AmericaAuction House Specialists Comment on the Contemporary Art MarketTop 500 Contemporary ArtistsTop 100 Contemporary ArtworksMethodologyThis report analyzes all public auction sales of fine art—painting  drawing  sculpture  photography  prints  video  installation  and tapestry—and NFTs  excluding antiques  anonymous cultural objects  and furniture. It covers worldwide auction results recorded by Artprice by Artmarket from July 1  2025  through June 30  2026  for artists born after 1945 (contemporary art)  with a focus on artists under 40 (ultra-contemporary art).All prices stated in this report refer to public auction results  including buyer's premiums. All references to $ denote U.S. dollars.Images :[https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2026/10/img1-artprices-2026-contemporary-art-market-report-cover-featuring-i-see-generative-chapter-0-wind-isg-018-2026-by-iskra-velitchkova.jpg] [https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2026/10/img2-contemporary-art-auction-sales-since-2000.jpg]Copyright 1987-2026 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comArtprice's econometrics department can answer all your questions relating to personalized statistics and analyses: [email protected]Find out more about our services with the artist in a free demonstration: https://artprice.com/demoOur services: https://artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket.com:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris. The latest TPI analysis includes more than 18 000 individual shareholders excluding foreign shareholders  companies  banks  FCPs  UCITS: Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Watch a video about Artmarket.com and its Artprice department: https://artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department were founded in 1997 by thierry Ehrmann  the company's CEO. They are controlled by Groupe Serveur (created in 1987). cf. the certified biography from Who's Who In France©:https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2025/11/2026_Biographie_de_Thierry_Ehrmann_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information (the original documentary archives  codex manuscripts  annotated books and auction catalogs acquired over the years) in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 920 300 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest art market image bank in the world with no less than 181 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  constantly enriches its databases from 7 200 auction houses and continuously publishes art market trends for the main agencies and press titles in the world in 121 countries and 11 languages.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-artprice-and-cision-extend-their-alliance-to-119-countries-to-become-the-worlds-leading-press-agency-dedicated-to-the-art-market-nfts-and-the-metaverse-301431845.htmlArtmarket.com makes available to its 9.3 million members (members log in) the advertisements posted by its Members  who now constitute the first global Standardized Marketplace® for buying and selling artworks at fixed prices.There is now a future for the Art Market with Artprice's Intuitive Artmarket® AI.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the French Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2026 Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2026Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Global Art Market Annual Report  published in March 2026:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2025Summary of Artmarket press releases with its Artprice department: https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real-time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (more than 6.3 million subscribers)x.com/artmarketdotcomx.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and the universe of Artmarket and its Artprice department: https://www.artprice.com/videowhose head office is the famous Museum of Contemporary Art Abode of Chaos dixit The New York Times / La Demeure of Chaos:https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013Madame Rachida Dati  French Minister of Culture  has granted official recognition to thierry Ehrmann's Abode of Chaos as a 'total work of art'  the global headquarters of Artprice by Artmarket.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/madame-rachida-dati-french-minister-of-culture-has-granted-official-recognition-to-thierry-ehrmanns-abode-of-chaos-as-a-total-work-of-art-the-global-headquarters-of-artprice-by-artmarket-302409684.htmlLa Demeure du Chaos/Abode of Chaos – Total Work of Art and Singular Architecture.Confidential bilingual work  now made public: https://ftp1.serveur.com/abodeofchaos_singular_architecture.pdf• L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-o• https://www.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (more than 3 9 million subscribers)• https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]SOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.29,0.47,True,English,"['33rd Annual Contemporary Art Market Report', 'Market Power', 'Record Transactions', 'Price Trends', 'Global South', 'Artprice', 'Balance', 'Artists', '33rd annual Contemporary Art Market Report', '33rd Contemporary Art Market Report', '2026 Contemporary Art Market Report cover', 'CONTEMPORARY ART AUCTION SALES SINCE', 'global contemporary art auction sales', 'globalized contemporary art market', 'global contemporary art market', 'fine art auction sales', 'global art market', 'three consecutive years', 'entire $100 million gain', 'broad-based underlying trend', 'U.S. dominance', 'other Asian markets', 'Art Basel Paris', 'speculative price surges', 'Long-term price adjustments', 'U.S. market', 'active auction markets', 'worldwide auction results', 'broad geographic reach', 'clear geographic signature', 'two Basquiat paintings', 'major market centers', 'sixth consecutive year', 'most sales value', ""artists' price rankings"", 'The United States', 'new growth hubs', 'global market', '60,000 contemporary artists', 'ultra-contemporary art', 'Active Market', '1,055 auction houses', 'price formation', 'largest market', 'Seoul market', 'geographic distribution', 'million-dollar sales', 'new record', '40 million-dollar results', 'two segments', 'two levels', 'market growth', 'value terms', 'United Kingdom', 'sales volume', 'Frieze London', 'Iskra Velitchkova', 'exhilarating investigation', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'Artmarket.com', 'postwar works', 'overall improvement', 'sustainable levels', 'occasional bursts', 'concentrated reality', 'economic balance', 'relative weight', 'million-dollar masterpieces', 'true trophies', 'selective map', 'reporting period', 'apparent strength', 'high end', 'outsized impact', 'American artists', 'Hong Kong', 'same time', 'South Korea', 'Middle East', 'limited share', 'institutional base', 'geopolitical environment', 'rising fees', 'geopolitical instability', 'combined pressures', 'industry reference', 'profound change', 'volume terms', 'power relationships', 'current growth', 'marked decline', 'striking result', 'nuanced understanding', 'Higher Prices', 'Gulf countries', '64 countries', 'PRNewswire', 'openings', 'Artprice', 'publication', 'Generative', 'Chapter', 'Wind', 'ISG', 'recovery', 'way', 'verge', 'Chairman', 'Founder', 'July', 'June', 'momentum', 'less', 'modern', 'number', 'lots', 'records', 'activity', 'height', 'correction', 'gap', 'rest', 'drivers', 'detail', 'enthusiasm', '558 cities', 'handful', 'geography', 'circulation', 'increase', 'bulk', 'qualification', 'half', 'China', 'contrast', 'Beijing', 'Europe', 'France', 'transactions', 'depth', 'contraction', 'deteriorating', 'question', 'image', 'volatility', 'services', 'Professionals', 'collectors', 'journal']",2026-10-08,2026-10-09,prnewswire.com
57536,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.naftemporiki.gr/english/2172375/euronext-athens-approves-capital-maritime-finance-listing/,Euronext Athens approves Capital Maritime Finance listing,Euronext Athens approved the listing of Capital Maritime Finance  owned by Evangelos Marinakis  on the Main Market of Euronext Athens.Capital Maritime Finance operates a fleet of 36 next-generation containerships …Euronext Athens approves Capital Maritime F…,Euronext Athens approved the listing of Capital Maritime Finance  owned by Evangelos Marinakis  on the Main Market of Euronext Athens.Capital Maritime Finance operates a fleet of 36 next-generation containerships …Euronext Athens approves Capital Maritime F…,neutral,0.2,0.8,0.0,neutral,0.15,0.85,0.0,True,English,"['Capital Maritime Finance listing', 'Euronext Athens', 'Capital Maritime Finance', 'Euronext Athens', 'Evangelos Marinakis', 'Main Market', '36 next-generation containerships', 'listing', 'fleet']",2026-10-08,2026-10-09,naftemporiki.gr
57537,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.naftemporiki.gr/english/2172288/metlen-weighs-metka-listing-on-euronext-athens/,METLEN weighs METKA listing on Euronext Athens,METLEN is considering the possibility of listing METKA on the Athens Stock Exchange (Euronext Athens).In such a case  METLEN would retain majority control  according to the company’s announcement.METLEN…METLEN weighs METKA listing on Euronext Athens - Η ΝΑ…,METLEN is considering the possibility of listing METKA on the Athens Stock Exchange (Euronext Athens).In such a case  METLEN would retain majority control  according to the company’s announcement.METLEN…METLEN weighs METKA listing on Euronext Athens - Η ΝΑ…,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['METKA listing', 'Euronext Athens', 'METLEN', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Athens', 'majority control', 'METKA listing', 'METLEN', 'possibility', 'case', 'company', 'announcement']",2026-10-08,2026-10-09,naftemporiki.gr
57538,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artprice-releases-its-33rd-annual-contemporary-art-market-report-for-2026-record-transactions-price-trends-the-balance-of-market-power-and-artists-from-the-global-south-302901559.html,Artprice Releases its 33rd Annual Contemporary Art Market Report for 2026: Record Transactions  Price Trends  the Balance of Market Power  and Artists from the Global South,PARIS  Oct. 8  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Ahead of the openings of Frieze London and Art Basel Paris  Artprice announces the publication of its 33rd annual Contemporary Art Market Report  examining a market undergoing profound change. Artprice's 2026 Contemporary A…,"PARIS  Oct. 8  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Ahead of the openings of Frieze London and Art Basel Paris  Artprice announces the publication of its 33rd annual Contemporary Art Market Report  examining a market undergoing profound change.Artprice's 2026 Contemporary Art Market Report cover  featuring I See Generative: Chapter 0  Wind  ISG 018 (2026) by Iskra VelitchkovaArtprice's 2026 Contemporary Art Market Report cover  featuring I See Generative: Chapter 0  Wind  ISG 018 (2026) by Iskra Velitchkova CONTEMPORARY ART AUCTION SALES SINCE 2000""Compiling this 33rd Contemporary Art Market Report has been an exhilarating investigation into why  despite the long-awaited recovery  the way this market operates is on the verge of change."" — thierry Ehrmann  Chairman of Artmarket.com and Founder of ArtpriceA More Active Market Without Higher PricesFrom July 2025 through June 2026  the global art market returned decisively to growth  with fine art auction sales increasing by 41%. This momentum  however  owes less to contemporary art than to modern and postwar works.After three consecutive years of decline  contemporary art also returned to growth  albeit more modestly  with sales value rising 6%. Growth was stronger in volume terms  at 9%  and the number of lots sold set a new record for the sixth consecutive year. Three of those records were achieved while sales value was declining: activity continued to expand even at the height of the correction. The segment for artists under 40  however  continued to contract  falling 26.6%. Despite the overall improvement  the gap between these two segments and the rest of the market widened this year.The report examines the drivers of the recovery in detail  in both volume and value terms. It also revisits the correction affecting ultra-contemporary art  which is reversing some of the speculative price surges and gradually bringing prices back toward more sustainable levels  without preventing occasional bursts of enthusiasm.CONTEMPORARY ART AUCTION SALES SINCE 2000Growth Led by the United StatesThe global contemporary art market  as analyzed by Artprice  spans 64 countries  558 cities with active auction markets  and 1 055 auction houses this year. Behind this broad geographic reach lies a far more concentrated reality: most sales value remains clustered in a handful of major market centers  while new growth hubs are emerging  particularly in Asia. This geography of sales reveals both the market's economic balance and the power relationships that shape it. It can be understood on two levels: the geographic distribution of sales  which measures the relative weight of countries and market centers; and the circulation of million-dollar masterpieces  true trophies that trace an even more selective map of power in the art market.The current growth has a clear geographic signature. The increase in global contemporary art auction sales amounts to approximately $100 million  and that entire $100 million gain was recorded in the United States during the reporting period.The United States alone accounts for the bulk of market growth. This result  however  requires some qualification: the apparent strength of the high end of the U.S. market owes much to two Basquiat paintings that sold exceptionally well. Their outsized impact should not be mistaken for a broad-based underlying trend. U.S. dominance extends beyond sales volume to artists' price rankings: American artists account for half of all million-dollar sales during the reporting period.China  by contrast  recorded a marked decline. Still the world's second-largest market  it saw auction sales fall 18%. It nevertheless retained around 40 million-dollar results  recorded primarily in Hong Kong and Beijing. At the same time  other Asian markets are recovering  led by South Korea  where the Seoul market is strengthening.In Europe  the United Kingdom  the world's third-largest market by sales value  remained stable  while France posted growth of 22%. France's most striking result was the increase in its number of transactions  up 18% year over year  placing it third worldwide by volume  behind the United States and the United Kingdom  and confirming the depth of its auction market.Further behind  the Middle East continues to account for a limited share of the global market  despite its steadily strengthening institutional base. Its auction sales fell 28%  a contraction largely attributable to the Gulf countries amid a sharply deteriorating geopolitical environment.Understanding How Prices Are FormedLong-term price adjustments  rising fees  and geopolitical instability: these combined pressures call into question the image of an increasingly globalized contemporary art market. They make a nuanced understanding of price formation and volatility all the more essential—an understanding central to the services developed by Artprice.Drawing on worldwide auction results for more than 60 000 contemporary artists between July 2025 and June 2026  this report has long been an industry reference. Professionals  seasoned collectors  journalists  art enthusiasts  and students will find a precise analysis of the trends  structural changes  and dynamics reshaping the market.Download it now for a data-driven view of the major changes underway  along with the ranking of the top 500 contemporary artists by auction performance.French version:https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/le-marche-de-lart-contemporain-2026English version:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2026Dialogue Between a Thinker and AIThe world-book Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI by thierry Ehrmann  founder of Artprice and an AI pioneer as early as 1987  explores  from an interdisciplinary perspective  the definition of the author and the work  invisible artistic currents  and art market information in an age of ubiquitous AI.In his words: ""Beyond established schools and declared manifestos  AI maps the artistic constellation by picking up weak signals and developments emerging beneath the market's surface."" He adds: ""AI deciphers the field of aesthetic forces to detect geometries of rupture invisible to the traditional eye.""thierry Ehrmann submits his 1 800 pages for critical assessment by nine AI engines that stand out as major players today: OpenAI with ChatGPT 6; Google with the DeepMind ecosystem  Gemini Ultra  and Project Astra; as well as Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta.Available to download free of charge:https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/The Annual Contemporary and Ultra-Contemporary Art Market ReportArtprice.com by ArtmarketMarket OverviewAnalyzing the RecoveryArt PricesA Shifting Geopolitical LandscapeThe Geography of Trophy WorksThe Nationalities Behind Million-Dollar SalesArtists Under 40The Strength of Chinese ArtistsThe Role of Major GalleriesThe Representation of WomenAn Increasingly Prominent Global SouthMiddle EastIndiaIndonesiaLatin America and South AmericaAuction House Specialists Comment on the Contemporary Art MarketTop 500 Contemporary ArtistsTop 100 Contemporary ArtworksMethodologyThis report analyzes all public auction sales of fine art—painting  drawing  sculpture  photography  prints  video  installation  and tapestry—and NFTs  excluding antiques  anonymous cultural objects  and furniture. It covers worldwide auction results recorded by Artprice by Artmarket from July 1  2025  through June 30  2026  for artists born after 1945 (contemporary art)  with a focus on artists under 40 (ultra-contemporary art).All prices stated in this report refer to public auction results  including buyer's premiums. All references to $ denote U.S. dollars.Images :[https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2026/10/img1-artprices-2026-contemporary-art-market-report-cover-featuring-i-see-generative-chapter-0-wind-isg-018-2026-by-iskra-velitchkova.jpg] [https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2026/10/img2-contemporary-art-auction-sales-since-2000.jpg]Copyright 1987-2026 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comArtprice's econometrics department can answer all your questions relating to personalized statistics and analyses: [email protected]Find out more about our services with the artist in a free demonstration: https://artprice.com/demoOur services: https://artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket.com:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris. The latest TPI analysis includes more than 18 000 individual shareholders excluding foreign shareholders  companies  banks  FCPs  UCITS: Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Watch a video about Artmarket.com and its Artprice department: https://artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department were founded in 1997 by thierry Ehrmann  the company's CEO. They are controlled by Groupe Serveur (created in 1987). cf. the certified biography from Who's Who In France©:https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2025/11/2026_Biographie_de_Thierry_Ehrmann_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information (the original documentary archives  codex manuscripts  annotated books and auction catalogs acquired over the years) in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 920 300 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest art market image bank in the world with no less than 181 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  constantly enriches its databases from 7 200 auction houses and continuously publishes art market trends for the main agencies and press titles in the world in 121 countries and 11 languages.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-artprice-and-cision-extend-their-alliance-to-119-countries-to-become-the-worlds-leading-press-agency-dedicated-to-the-art-market-nfts-and-the-metaverse-301431845.htmlArtmarket.com makes available to its 9.3 million members (members log in) the advertisements posted by its Members  who now constitute the first global Standardized Marketplace® for buying and selling artworks at fixed prices.There is now a future for the Art Market with Artprice's Intuitive Artmarket® AI.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the French Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2026 Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2026Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Global Art Market Annual Report  published in March 2026:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2025Summary of Artmarket press releases with its Artprice department: https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real-time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (more than 6.3 million subscribers)x.com/artmarketdotcomx.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and the universe of Artmarket and its Artprice department: https://www.artprice.com/videowhose head office is the famous Museum of Contemporary Art Abode of Chaos dixit The New York Times / La Demeure of Chaos:https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013Madame Rachida Dati  French Minister of Culture  has granted official recognition to thierry Ehrmann's Abode of Chaos as a 'total work of art'  the global headquarters of Artprice by Artmarket.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/madame-rachida-dati-french-minister-of-culture-has-granted-official-recognition-to-thierry-ehrmanns-abode-of-chaos-as-a-total-work-of-art-the-global-headquarters-of-artprice-by-artmarket-302409684.htmlLa Demeure du Chaos/Abode of Chaos – Total Work of Art and Singular Architecture.Confidential bilingual work  now made public: https://ftp1.serveur.com/abodeofchaos_singular_architecture.pdf• L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-o• https://www.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (more than 3 9 million subscribers)• https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]SOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.29,0.47,True,English,"['33rd Annual Contemporary Art Market Report', 'Market Power', 'Record Transactions', 'Price Trends', 'Global South', 'Artprice', 'Balance', 'Artists', '33rd annual Contemporary Art Market Report', '33rd Contemporary Art Market Report', '2026 Contemporary Art Market Report cover', 'CONTEMPORARY ART AUCTION SALES SINCE', 'global contemporary art auction sales', 'globalized contemporary art market', 'global contemporary art market', 'fine art auction sales', 'global art market', 'three consecutive years', 'entire $100 million gain', 'broad-based underlying trend', 'U.S. dominance', 'other Asian markets', 'Art Basel Paris', 'speculative price surges', 'Long-term price adjustments', 'U.S. market', 'active auction markets', 'worldwide auction results', 'broad geographic reach', 'clear geographic signature', 'two Basquiat paintings', 'major market centers', 'sixth consecutive year', 'most sales value', ""artists' price rankings"", 'The United States', 'new growth hubs', 'global market', '60,000 contemporary artists', 'ultra-contemporary art', 'Active Market', '1,055 auction houses', 'price formation', 'largest market', 'Seoul market', 'geographic distribution', 'million-dollar sales', 'new record', '40 million-dollar results', 'two segments', 'two levels', 'market growth', 'value terms', 'United Kingdom', 'sales volume', 'Frieze London', 'Iskra Velitchkova', 'exhilarating investigation', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'Artmarket.com', 'postwar works', 'overall improvement', 'sustainable levels', 'occasional bursts', 'concentrated reality', 'economic balance', 'relative weight', 'million-dollar masterpieces', 'true trophies', 'selective map', 'reporting period', 'apparent strength', 'high end', 'outsized impact', 'American artists', 'Hong Kong', 'same time', 'South Korea', 'Middle East', 'limited share', 'institutional base', 'geopolitical environment', 'rising fees', 'geopolitical instability', 'combined pressures', 'industry reference', 'profound change', 'volume terms', 'power relationships', 'current growth', 'marked decline', 'striking result', 'nuanced understanding', 'Higher Prices', 'Gulf countries', '64 countries', 'PRNewswire', 'openings', 'Artprice', 'publication', 'Generative', 'Chapter', 'Wind', 'ISG', 'recovery', 'way', 'verge', 'Chairman', 'Founder', 'July', 'June', 'momentum', 'less', 'modern', 'number', 'lots', 'records', 'activity', 'height', 'correction', 'gap', 'rest', 'drivers', 'detail', 'enthusiasm', '558 cities', 'handful', 'geography', 'circulation', 'increase', 'bulk', 'qualification', 'half', 'China', 'contrast', 'Beijing', 'Europe', 'France', 'transactions', 'depth', 'contraction', 'deteriorating', 'question', 'image', 'volatility', 'services', 'Professionals', 'collectors', 'journal']",2026-10-08,2026-10-09,prnewswire.com
57539,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/10/08/an-afternoon-on-the-pnyx-rubio-who-doesnt-resemble-trump-when-aris-with-the-curl-praises-anti-woke-antonis-shortly-after-stefanos-fresh-money-for-freskoulis/,An afternoon on the Pnyx (Rubio  who doesn’t resemble Trump)  when Aris (with the curl) praises anti-woke Antonis shortly after Stefanos  fresh money for “Freskoulis”,Sunlight found a key to China & the printing press which does not set the interest rateThe post An afternoon on the Pnyx (Rubio  who doesn’t resemble Trump)  when Aris (with the curl) praises anti-woke Antonis shortly after Stefanos  fresh money for “Freskou…,Newsroom October 8 10:40Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleHello  before I take you back to Rubio again (just to kill the mood)  let me swing by… Sky  which yesterday morning had Aris Spiliotopoulos on and  thankfully  we learned a few truths as well. That Antonis Samaras is the soul of the faction  as Aris said—the same Aris who  in the New Democracy internal party elections  stood opposite the soul of the faction  namely Antonis  and together with Dora  who then also went off and created… another soul against the faction (Democratic Alliance) for two years  until she shut it down because she couldn’t get any customers. Aris  however  has a rich record of action against the faction  since from 2014 until quite recently he always showed a certain sympathy for Tsipras. In 2018  when SYRIZA was collapsing  he acknowledged “significant resilience and flexibility” in our Alexis  while in 2019 he took it a step further  saying that “SYRIZA’s invitation concerns me.” Not that of Makis Christodoulopoulos  but that of Alexis Tsipras. Until we reached 2024  when Aris joined Stefanos Kasselakis’s team as a strategic analyst  describing him as the “new leader of the center-left.” Now  how he went from his last position with Kasselakis to Antonis Samaras’s currently most homophobic (still developing) political formation  you figure that one out yourselves. Anyway  when I saw Aris yesterday morning  with the curl in his hair and the moustache  I sat down and listened to him  because at the same time all the other channels were driving us crazy with Rubio.“Radio Arvyla”…The other sexy topic of yesterday was the departure  after 30 years  of “Radio Arvyla” from ANT1. To be honest  I rarely watch television (apart from sports)  and I was never a fan of the show. But Arvyla drew big viewing figures  delivered biting satire of the government  and did not send the show’s content to their respective bosses to review in advance. Combined with the fact that they did not run advertisements in the middle of the programme  they achieved  as I said  very high ratings  something that naturally irritated those they satirized or criticized. And  as is well known  everyone is entitled to an opinion and criticism in democracies. Just as  naturally  every business owner has the right to decide what they will do with their own shop. As I said  we have elections coming up…Rubio: A genuinely pleasant surpriseLet’s move on to Rubio’s visit now  so that we can… talk a little seriously as well. Well  I didn’t learn the details or the inside information about agreements and discussions; besides  these things did not need to be done face-to-face. The impression Rubio gave off from the always-stunning Pnyx  however  was truly impressive. Both for us and for the American candidate for the presidential nomination in the future. Rubio gave an inspired speech about Greece  but also about the West  which really is under attack and at a crossroads. To tell you the truth  his manner  style and rhetoric were the last things that reminded you of a Trump cabinet secretary. Marco  smiling and approachable  is saying goodbye to us today and continuing his program in Portugal. I was told that what made an impression was not only his good relationship with Giorgos Gerapetritis  which is also the result of their existing acquaintance  but also his willingness to make the schedule more flexible (to be fair  our man was practically taking him around arm-in-arm the whole time). For example  while it had been calculated that the bilateral meeting and an expanded meeting at the Foreign Ministry would take place and the whole thing would last 30 minutes  Rubio stayed with Gerapetritis for 45 minutes and then they went through the expanded meeting “on the fly ” since the Strategic Dialogue was to follow anyway and would cover all possible issues. I was told that the American Secretary of State did not ask for anything particularly unusual  although there was coffee and the necessary biscuits  while he was visibly in a good mood. Obviously  this was also due to the fact that he was going to speak at the Pnyx  which was a central issue for him  since he needs the image as part of his personal legacy. And he pulled it off perfectly for himself.The substantive talksThe strategic relationship was confirmed in the most emphatic manner during M. Rubio’s visit  who  although he said he was visiting Greece for the first time  knows our country well  as well as the entire Eastern Mediterranean framework. There are the $4 billion defense agreements announced as part of the Strategic Dialogue; there are the three agreements that were signed; there are the discussions on investment in new technology as well as energy. Greece’s role in the energy security of its neighbors and of Europe  and connectivity  are at the top of the agenda. And although some people rushed to complain that the American official did not immediately take a position on the issue of the electricity interconnection cable  acknowledging that there are sensitivities involving other countries that need to be dealt with diplomatically and not through public statements  M. Rubio expressed his full support for all the energy projects being implemented by Greece. After all  his statement does not rule out the possibility of American intervention through the diplomatic channels available  so as to prevent a confrontation in the Eastern Mediterranean. What is striking  of course  is that the criticism that M. Rubio did not intervene publicly on the cable issue came from precisely those people who for years have raised the flag against interventions by Washington and against the “arbiter” role it has at times played in Greek-Turkish relations…Lightning trip to SplitSince I’m on the subject of Rubio’s visit  let me tell you that Mitsotakis went to Split  Croatia  for just a few hours. There were not even any statements after the MED9 Euro-Mediterranean meeting  as he left very quickly in order to return on time to Elefsina and from there go to the Maximos Mansion  so that he could make the meeting with Rubio and subsequently the lunch at the King George. Still  no matter how much Mitsotakis talks about the high cost of energy  neither the Commission nor the rest of the EU seem inclined to “swerve” toward across-the-board support measures.Margaritis and the fishermenAs I wrote to you the day before yesterday  an amount was found in order to support professional fishermen  who had begun mobilizing  with an additional subsidy for the fuel they use. At the same time  Minister Schoinas  who yesterday held talks with some of them  sent the message that some more money would also be found (which will obviously have to be cut from somewhere else) within October  provided that they too make a move toward de-escalation and goodwill. Despite the subsidy  however  some small-scale fishermen have already started complaining that they are not receiving the extra money because they use smaller engines on their boats and therefore use road diesel  like cars. That  in any case  is why the subsidy was announced by press release  so that everyone would also take responsibility for their own choices.Elections and energy costs in the SEV corridorsTwo issues dominated the informal conversations before and after the open event of the General Assembly of SEV at the Athens Concert Hall and  to some extent  one led to the other. On the one hand  the energy crisis  costs  and the fear that inflationary pressures will persist. On the other  the next elections  as quite a few people in the business community believe that the course of prices and the reactions they provoke could weigh on voters’ decisions  in a political environment so fluid that there are many scenarios for the day after. The floor of the main hall was full and the balconies half full. In the center of the front row were SEV President Spyros Theodoropoulos  Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis  and President of the Republic Konstantinos Tasoulas. A little farther away  among others  were Evangelos Mytilineos  Dimitris and Alexandra Papalexopoulou  Andreas Siamisis  Aristotelis Panteliadis  Theodoros Fessas  Giorgos Peristeris  and Alexandros Kikizas. Kyriakos Pierrakakis and Stavros Papastavrou were also sitting side by side  the two ministers who had taken on the task of shaping the energy measure  having their own little huddle before the Prime Minister’s speech. The direction of the intervention for industry had already leaked  though not all the details  while after the considerable expectations that had been cultivated in the preceding period  nobody wanted to pre-empt the announcements. Eventually  they came. The additional €95 million does not solve the energy problem  but it provides some breathing room and  above all  buys time for Greek industry until the end of the year. Hence Spyros Theodoropoulos’s hope that the energy crisis will have eased by December. But the conversation went well beyond December. Kyriakos Mitsotakis proposed from the podium a new “agreement for progress and prosperity” between the state and businesses  with a horizon of 2030  while SEV submitted its own agenda with specific proposals for accelerating investment and improving productivity. And one final detail. A few weeks ago  Spyros Theodoropoulos was taking fire because SEV had not joined the public pressure from the other industrial associations over energy costs  insisting instead on dialogue with the government. The measures were eventually announced  and everyone’s initial reactions were positive. So the president of SEV had one more reason to smile. The quieter strategy appears to have paid off.Motor Oil and the €341 million share portfolioIt is not only the refining environment that is sending Motor Oil’s numbers soaring. It is also the capital gains being generated by the rise in the shares it holds in its portfolio. Motor Oil indirectly owns 8.949% of Optima Bank  through its wholly owned subsidiary IREON Investments Ltd. The stake corresponds to 19 806 504 shares following the split and  as of 31/12/2025  was valued at €152.7 million. At current prices  the value of the stake is close to €310 million. In February 2026  IREON Investments purchased 1.5 million shares of Real Consulting for €7.05 million (€4.70/share). Together with IREON Ventures’ pre-existing position  the stake reached 7.077%  while the group subsequently increased its holding significantly  reaching 11.73% of Real Consulting in June 2026. The value of the shares is estimated at €31.3 million  with an estimated cost of €18.5 million.The Freskoulis deal and the capital gainsThe “Glaros” company of the Sklavenitis family acquired 49% of Eurocatering (“Freskoulis”)  with 30% coming from Latsco Family Office and 19% from EOS Capital. Chrysostomos Mavropoulos retains the majority 51% stake and management. The consideration was not disclosed  but this is yet another deal in which the co-investment by Latsco Family Office and A. Tamvakakis’s EOS Capital generates significant capital gains. EOS entered “Freskoulis” in 2021 together with Elikonos  investing €11 million in total. In 2024 it sold 12.18% to Latsco  at a reference valuation of €46.5 million  and at that point the exit valuation was set at approximately €79 million. Within this range  the 49% stake corresponds to €22.8 million to €38.7 million. Eurocatering closed 2024 with revenue of €65.7 million and EBITDA of €4.3 million. On the other side  the buyer is a group with sales of €6.13 billion in 2025 and a €100 million ready-meals factory in Magoula. Tamvakakis is fond of saying that everyone should leave a table happy  and that is what happened with Freskoulis.Techniki Olympiaki and the questions about the… hard-to-understand agreementsTechniki Olympiaki closed the first half with net profits of €6.27 million  up 60.7%. On the stock market  however  with the share price around €2.28  it is valued at approximately €92.3 million  far below its book equity. Part of the explanation may lie in Bucharest. On June 29  the Board approved the acquisition of 30% of the Cypriot company Linam Ventures for €8 760 079. The sellers are two Cypriot companies  both controlled by CEO Giorgos Steggos and his brother Andreas. Linam owns a 32 056 sq. m. plot of land on Lake Tei. The consideration values the whole company at approximately €29 million. Techniki Olympiaki has stated that the procedure for related-party transactions under Law 4548/2018 was followed  that an auditing firm deemed the terms fair and reasonable on the basis of two independent valuations  and that no shareholder had requested a general meeting by July 21. G. Steggos has spoken of Bucharest’s last remaining lakeside plot and of a building permit that is currently being issued. There is  of course  also a section of shareholders who have taken out pencil and paper. The listed company owns 30%; the sellers retain 70%. Who will finance the development  in what proportion  and who will receive the construction and management fees? Romanian registries show that Linam has owned the plot since 2010 (without having built anything) and that its fixed assets were reported at approximately RON 23 million in 2023 and RON 152 million in 2024  close to approximately €30 million  which is also roughly the valuation of the deal. There are whispers in the market that the same question—who contributes the land and who contributes the capital—is also being raised about two other developments by the group  one inside Greece and one abroad. Related-party transactions are legal when they are properly approved and disclosed. A consolidated table  project by project  would answer all of these questions at once.National Bank installed the first voice AI agentOver the past five years  National Bank has invested €1.3 billion in its transformation. One of the central tools in National Bank’s digital strategy is “Sofia ” which has evolved from an AI assistant and information-provision tool into an AI agent  capable not only of answering questions but also of guiding customers and supporting banking transactions  with its use already having reached very significant scale. According to what the bank’s management and COO Stratos Molyviatis said yesterday  it handles approximately 350 000 digital customer interactions per month. About 25% of customer interactions take place through “Sofia ” while the target is for that percentage to reach 50%. At the same time  the bank is planning to integrate the technology into even more customer touchpoints. The next step is even more ambitious. For 2027  National Bank plans for “Sofia” to control a swarm of agents  with the ability to take on and complete complex processes on behalf of the customer  rather than merely guide them. The bank has already expanded its use of AI into voice-based customer service through its Contact Center: Sofia is acquiring a voice and becoming the first voice AI agent in a Contact Center in the Greek banking market. And because all of this is good and useful but needs to have an economic impact as well  CEO Pavlos Mylonas revealed that National Bank derives an annual benefit of €200 million from its investments in digital channels.GEK TERNA’s new companyA new company was added yesterday to the ranks of the GEK TERNA Group. Specifically  the company “GEK TERNA Strategic Technologies Single-Member S.A.” was incorporated  with the distinctive title “GT StraTech.” Its registered office is located at the Group’s headquarters on Mesogeion Avenue in Ampelokipoi  and its corporate purpose includes investment-company services (in securities  shares  real estate  etc.)  the provision of scientific and technical consulting services  construction project management services  research and experimental development in the natural sciences and engineering  as well as the management of intellectual property rights and the revenues derived from them. It appears that the company has ambitious plans. This is reflected  among other things  in its initial share capital  which amounts to €10 million. This was paid in cash by its sole shareholder  “GEK TERNA Urban Services Single-Member Private Company ” represented by Georgios Kouladis (the Group’s Head of Investments Monitoring). The first Board of Directors consists of Kouladis himself as CEO  Marios Patsos as Chairman  and Petros Souretis  Christos Panagiotopoulos  and Emmanouil Moustakas as members.The banks’ worst session of the past six monthsSellers returned en masse to bank stocks following the two-day break on October 5 and 6  driving the sector index down 4.45%  to 3 115.72 points. This was the worst one-day performance of the past six months and the fifth-largest decline in 2026  surpassing the losses of approximately 3.6% and 2.8% in the first two sessions of October. To find larger losses  one has to go back to April 9 (-4.51%)  while even stronger pressure was recorded on March 12 (-4.58%)  March 3 (-6.9%)  and March 2 (-5.01%). The new correction has pushed the banking index approximately 6.85% below this year’s record of 3 345.13 points  reached at the end of last September. Levels higher than those of the previous month can be found 11 years back  in November 2015  illustrating the magnitude of the rise that preceded this decline. Despite the sell-off  the overall picture for the banks remains positive  as the sector index is still showing gains of 35.8% since the beginning of the current year.Sunlight found a key to ChinaSunlight Group’s announcement about its “opening” into the Chinese shipbuilding market came to confirm something the market already knew well  especially in shipping circles  but also in Germany  where the news was headlined “German batteries for a project in China.” The CUBE system is manufactured in Lower Saxony by Lehmann Marine  of which the Greek group acquired 51% under the January 2025 agreement. There are  however  several interesting details. The vessel in question is the 42-meter AESEN 116H  built by Cheoy Lee for Singapore-based Aesen  with the hybrid propulsion system being integrated by Stin Global. Obviously  for a group with sales of €942.9 million and EBITDA of €121.1 million in 2025  one vessel does not change the bottom line. The value of the agreement  however  lies elsewhere. Chinese shipyards received 1 131 of the 1 481 vessels ordered worldwide during the first half of the year. That means 72% of the market in terms of capacity  according to Clarksons. Anyone wanting to sell equipment for newbuilds has to have gone through that market. Lehmann did so with approvals from four classification societies (BV  DNV  LR  RINA) and with the argument that its battery can be serviced while at sea  without dry-docking. This was the subsidiary’s second milestone of the year. In February  it had announced the largest order in its history  for three fully electric passenger vessels at the Port of Hamburg. Behind the subsidiary  Sunlight cites production capacity of more than 9 GWh in Europe and North America.Who is Verallis  which is entering EN.A. Growth?Verallis  a consulting-services company specializing in cost management and improving operational performance  is moving ahead with the listing of its shares on Euronext Athens’ EN.A. Growth. Its founder and CEO is Giorgos Dimopoulos  while the company  in addition to Greece  also has a presence in Romania  with offices in Bucharest and Brașov. In the first half of 2026  ahead of the inclusion of its shares in EN.A. Growth  sales increased by 54.3% to €629 000  from €408 000 in the corresponding period of 2025  while gross profit more than tripled to €217 000. The company also moved into positive EBITDA of €64 200  compared with a loss of €88 400 last year  and into net profit of €46 600  from a loss of €111 200. Equity stood at €957 000  while total liabilities amounted to €921 000. The company has already proceeded with the corporate actions for its entry into EN.A. Growth (amendments to its articles of association and a capital increase were approved in June)  and trading in its shares will begin on Friday  October 9.Research & Development and resultsOn September 30  at Gazi Music Hall  Deputy Minister of Development Stavros Kalafatis opened the BioInnovation Greece Forum by citing total expenditure of €3.66 billion—a “historic record”—on Research and Development. Greece ranks fourth in the EU in government spending as a percentage of GDP  with more than €300 million from the Recovery Fund going to research centers and 70 000 jobs. Three days later  at Technopolis  at the same conference  Bank of Greece Governor Yannis Stournaras discussed the issue with economist Thanos Niforos  and they concluded that the country’s success “will not be measured by the level of subsidies or public spending ” but by how much knowledge is converted into investment and exports. The difference is made by businesses  which account for 54.8% of research expenditure  compared with 66.5% in Europe. Foreign capital does not make up the gap either. Of the €12.6 billion in foreign direct investment in 2025  €393 million went to manufacturing. There is one more outstanding matter. The autonomous Ministry of Higher Education  Research and Innovation was announced by the Prime Minister last year  from the same podium  and is intended to begin operating after the next elections. This year  St. Kalafatis said that the details would be announced by the Prime Minister.DESFA and the hydrogen pipelinesA few days ago  the Board of DESFA announced that it had taken the final investment decision for the construction of a high-pressure pipeline to Patras. It will be 145 kilometers long  20 inches in diameter  running from Perivolia in Megalopolis to the Patras Industrial Area  with six valve stations and provision for a future branch to Pyrgos. The news is also of interest from a stock-market perspective  with one detail at the end of the announcement. The pipeline is being designed to transport up to 100% hydrogen. That changes the steel specification. Along with it  the list of suppliers changes as well. Hydrogen is the smallest molecule there is. It finds its way into ordinary steel and cracks it over the years. Pipes capable of withstanding hydrogen are specially manufactured  require special certification  and there are few European manufacturers demonstrably capable of delivering such pipes. One of them manufactures in Thisvi  Boeotia. Corinth Pipeworks  part of the Cenergy group  already has three DESFA contracts for hydrogen-certified pipelines. The 163 km for Western Macedonia in 2022  the 56 km toward the border with North Macedonia in 2023  worth more than €27 million  and more than 200 km for the Karperi–Komotini axis a month ago. These were preceded by 440 km for Italy’s Snam. Patras would be the fourth. No contract for the pipes has been announced  and other European producers will obviously appear in the tender as well (Mannesmann Line Pipe and Tenaris  for example  could participate). Cenergy’s pipe segment posted €311.5 million in sales in the first half  with an EBITDA margin of 16.6% and an order backlog of around €500 million. A 145-kilometer contract does not change the year  but it adds visibility. Hydrogen may take time. The pipes will be ordered soon.Pappas  Greek ships and Europe’s leverageA comment by Petros Pappas at the 16th Capital Link Operational Excellence in Shipping Forum sheds light from a different angle on the power Greece holds through shipping. The head of Star Bulk pointed out that the enormous Greek-owned fleet is not merely an economic advantage  but acts as a strategic shield for Europe as a whole  reducing the risk of commercial coercion by Asian shipping powers. The observation carries particular weight in today’s geopolitical environment. Without the Greek-owned fleet  which accounts for 61% of Europe’s fleet  Europe would be far more dependent on third countries for the transportation of energy  raw materials and goods  and that dependence would become even more dangerous in the event of a major crisis or war. Pappas even cited the United States as an example  since it does not possess a merchant fleet of comparable size  to illustrate how critical maritime autonomy is. Greece does not merely have Europe’s largest fleet. It possesses a geopolitical card that shields Europe itself. At a time when trade dependencies can easily be transformed into instruments of pressure  Greek ships are something far more than a business success.Vafias: “It is a shame”Harry Vafias used the word “shame” twice at the 16th Annual Capital Link Operational Excellence in Shipping Forum. The first time concerned the absence of shipping from Greek schools. “You have this enormous industry  you are the leader in Europe and you don’t teach it in schools. I think that is a shame ” he said characteristically. His second jab was even more pointed and concerned the Greek flag. Vafias said he feels ashamed that  out of a Greek-owned fleet of approximately 6 000 ships  only around 500 ships fly the Greek flag  describing the situation as “shameful.” And he pointed directly at the institutional framework. Unless the requirements concerning the minimum number of Greek seafarers on ships change  he estimated that it will be difficult for the strength of the Greek registry and Greek flag to increase. He concluded his message to the state without mincing words: “I hope that at some point politicians will sit down and listen to us.”The two options and Giouroukos’s $163 million betIn shipping  sometimes the good deal has been done months before it is announced. That is more or less how Global Ship Lease’s latest move should be read  the NYSE-listed company whose Executive Chairman is George Giouroukos. GSL exercised options for two additional containerships  with a total value of approximately $163 million  increasing its shipbuilding programme from 15 to 17 vessels. The prices for the two ships had been agreed earlier in the year and  as international analysts point out  comparable containerships with delivery in 2029 are now being sold at higher prices in the market. The options appear to have gained value even before construction has begun. There is  however  one important difference from GSL’s previous 15 newbuilds. The two new vessels do not yet have a charter fixed. The company is already in discussions with prospective charterers. If  after securing favorable newbuilding prices  GSL also manages to secure a multi-year charter on strong terms…The printing press does not set the interest rateThe argument is an old one and is often repeated by nostalgists for the drachma. America  they say  does not go bankrupt because it prints the currency in which it owes its debts. Correct. The bond market  however  prices something else: inflation and the amount of paper it is being asked to absorb. Yesterday  the 10-year yield touched 5.35%  its highest level since April 2002. The 30-year reached 5.72%  and the two-year 4.82%. Since the end of July  the 10-year has risen 60 basis points  while U.S. crude oil has become 20% more expensive. The pressure is visible in the auctions. On September 23  $70 billion of five-year bonds were sold at 5.033%  with the lowest bid-to-cover ratio in nine years. This week  the Treasury is seeking a total of $119 billion from the markets: $58 billion in three-year bonds on Tuesday  $39 billion in 10-year bonds yesterday  and $22 billion in 30-year bonds today. A month ago  the 10-year had been auctioned at 4.834%. U.S. public debt exceeded $40 trillion in August. Net interest payments reached $963 billion in the ten months from October through July. America is paying more than $3 billion in interest every day  and the deficit for the current fiscal year is estimated at $2.1 trillion. Every one-percentage-point increase in the average borrowing cost corresponds  once it is reflected across the entire debt  to $400 billion a year. That bill also reaches households. The interest rate on a 30-year mortgage is currently 7.49%  and  reasonably enough  mortgage applications fell 4.2% in one week. The Federal Reserve raised dollar interest rates in September  and the market expects further increases. The dollar is printed. Confidence  however  is borrowed too—and this week it costs 5.35%.The crocodile bit the CEOReuters reported yesterday that Lacoste quietly dismissed CEO Eric Vallat  shortly before Sunday’s show on the central court of Roland Garros  featuring the collection by Greek-American designer Pelagia Kolotouros. The former head of Rémy Cointreau had taken over on September 1  2025  with a mandate for “premiumisation.” In simple terms  he promised a more upscale positioning and less wholesale business with low margins. Thierry Guibert  the man who selected him  is returning in Vallat’s place. He ran Lacoste for ten years and essentially never left  since he heads its parent company  MF Brands  part of Swiss group Maus Frères. The company confirmed the departure  spoke of “strong fundamentals ” and gave no explanation. Apparently  performance was not the reason for the removal. The numbers  however  have their own story. During Guibert’s tenure  sales rose from €1.2 billion in 2014 to approximately €3 billion in 2024  with price increases of 35% over the decade and 70% of sales made directly to consumers. The pace  however  was showing signs of slowing: +26% in 2022  +15% in 2023  +8% in 2024. The €4 billion target had initially been set for 2026. In January 2025  before Vallat arrived  it was pushed back to 2028–2030. In France as well  however  Lacoste France closed 2025 with revenue of €317 million  its second consecutive decline  and operating profit of €20.9 million  less than half the 2022 figure. The successor lasted 13 months. The predecessor has 10 years under his belt—and is still going.,neutral,0.39,0.57,0.04,mixed,0.38,0.18,0.44,True,English,"['anti-woke Antonis', 'fresh money', 'afternoon', 'Pnyx', 'Rubio', 'Trump', 'Aris', 'curl', 'Stefanos', 'Freskoulis', 'New Democracy internal party elections', 'entire Eastern Mediterranean framework', 'big viewing figures', 'electricity interconnection cable', 'other sexy topic', 'Trump cabinet secretary', '$4 billion defense agreements', 'new leader', 'new technology', 'other channels', 'American Secretary', 'Protothema.gr', 'Democratic Alliance', 'rich record', 'significant resilience', 'Makis Christodoulopoulos', 'strategic analyst', 'same time', 'biting satire', 'respective bosses', 'high ratings', 'business owner', 'pleasant surprise', 'inside information', 'American candidate', 'presidential nomination', 'inspired speech', 'good relationship', 'existing acquaintance', 'bilateral meeting', 'expanded meeting', 'Foreign Ministry', 'Strategic Dialogue', 'possible issues', 'necessary biscuits', 'personal legacy', 'substantive talks', 'strategic relationship', 'first time', 'three agreements', 'American official', 'Antonis Samaras', 'Radio Arvyla', 'two years', 'Stefanos Kasselakis', 'last position', 'stunning Pnyx', 'last things', 'Giorgos Gerapetritis', 'good mood', 'central issue', 'emphatic manner', 'energy security', 'Aris Spiliotopoulos', 'same Aris', 'M. Rubio', 'Alexis Tsipras', '30 years', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'Sky', 'truths', 'soul', 'faction', 'Dora', 'customers', 'sympathy', 'SYRIZA', 'flexibility', 'invitation', 'team', 'center', 'left', 'homophobic', 'curl', 'hair', 'moustache', 'yesterday', 'departure', 'ANT1.', 'television', 'sports', 'show', 'government', 'content', 'advance', 'advertisements', 'middle', 'programme', 'very', 'something', 'opinion', 'criticism', 'democracies', 'right', 'shop', 'visit', 'details', 'discussions', 'face', 'impression', 'future', 'Greece', 'West', 'attack', 'crossroads', 'style', 'rhetoric', 'Marco', 'goodbye', 'Portugal', 'result', 'willingness', 'schedule', 'arm', 'example', 'place', 'minutes', 'fly', 'State', 'coffee', 'image', 'country', 'investment', 'role', 'neighbors', 'Europe', 'connectivity', 'agenda', 'people', 'sensitivities', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρ', 'μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-10-08,2026-10-09,en.protothema.gr
57540,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.antaranews.com/news/434613/medisca-and-euroapi-form-strategic-partnership-to-strengthen-api-access-for-pharmaceutical-compounding,Medisca and EUROAPI Form Strategic Partnership to Strengthen API Access for Pharmaceutical Compounding,Medisca and EUROAPI have formed a strategic partnership focused on expanding API access for pharmaceutical compounding  creating differentiated access in ...,Medisca and EUROAPI Form Strategic Partnership to Strengthen API Access for Pharmaceutical CompoundingMedisca and EUROAPI join forces to expand access to high-quality  European-manufactured APIs for the compounding market.ShareMontreal (ANTARA/Business Wire)- Medisca and EUROAPI have formed a strategic partnership focused on expanding API access for pharmaceutical compounding  creating differentiated access in North America and establishing a broader framework for international growth and peptide collaboration.For more than three decades  Medisca has built its business around the evolving needs of pharmaceutical compounders. That starts with the products it chooses to bring to market but extends much further to the manufacturers behind them  the documentation and technical information supporting them  and the quality systems that carry those products through to the customer.The partnership with EUROAPI advances that approach. Under the new strategic partnership  Medisca becomes EUROAPI’s first strategic distribution partner focused on bringing its European-manufactured APIs to the North American compounding market. The collaboration includesand creates a framework to expand the offering over time  enter additional markets and advance new areas of pharmaceutical innovation.For customers  the value goes beyond adding more APIs to a catalogue. The partnership creates a stronger connection between manufacturing expertise and the needs of the compounding market  supported by technical information  product documentation and Medisca’s direct customer insight. This allows Medisca to respond more closely to what compounders need today and continue adapting its offering as those needs change.At the center of the partnership is a shared ambition to bring pharmaceutical manufacturing expertise  technical rigor and a strong quality foundation closer to the evolving needs of the compounding industry. Medisca’s approach begins at the source  with the manufacturer  the specifications and technical documentation behind an API and continues through the quality systems and controls that support it through to the customer. Through the partnership  EUROAPI will provide available technical and regulatory information relating to the APIs  strengthening the connection between manufacturing expertise and Medisca’s quality infrastructure. EUROAPI’s focus on green chemistry  and sustainability further supports Medisca’s commitment to responsible sourcing and broader social impact.The relationship is also designed to grow. Medisca and EUROAPI intend to collaborate on customer initiatives  training and commercial activities  while adding new APIs over time and evaluating opportunities across additional markets.Peptides are an important area of strategic collaboration for Medisca and EUROAPI. As Medisca continues to expand its global peptide strategy for pharmaceutical compounding and personalized medicine  the companies intend to explore opportunities that combine Medisca’s market expertise with EUROAPI’s capabilities in complex API development and manufacturing. The collaboration creates a foundation to advance their work in peptides as the market continues to evolve.For Medisca  the partnership marks another step in its broader strategy to strengthen its API offering through direct relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers  expand differentiated access for customers and build for the next generation of personalized medicine.To explore EUROAPI-manufactured APIs available through Medisca  visit www.medisca.com Founded in 1989  Medisca is a leader in personalized medicine and pharmaceutical supply chain solutions  with a vast portfolio of over 2 000 products complemented by a library of 10 000+ proprietary and customized medication formulas  expertise and services in pharmaceutical compounding  continuing healthcare education  and analytical testing. Providing finely-tuned solutions to diverse wellness sectors in numerous markets globally  Medisca is bridging the gaps in healthcare and empowering personalized wellness for all. For more information  visit www.medisca.com and follow us on LinkedIn Facebook   and YouTube EUROAPI is focused on reinventing active pharmaceutical ingredients to sustainably meet customers’ and patients’ needs around the world. We are a leading player with approximately 200 products in our portfolio  offering a large span of technologies while also developing innovative molecules through our Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) activities.With strong R&D capabilities and five manufacturing sites located in Europe  EUROAPI provides its clients with high-quality API solutions in more than 80 countries. Our 3000+ people are committed to building together the future of public health by advancing and securing access to essential active ingredients  at the core of the healthcare value chain. EUROAPI is listed on Euronext Paris: EAPI. Find out more at www.euroapi.com and follow us on LinkedIn Medisca Communications1-800-665-6334Reporter: PR WireEditor: PR WireCopyright © ANTARA 2026,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,True,English,"['EUROAPI Form', 'Strategic Partnership', 'API Access', 'Pharmaceutical Compounding', 'Medisca', 'first strategic distribution partner', 'strong R&D capabilities', 'pharmaceutical supply chain solutions', 'North American compounding market', 'customized medication formulas', 'essential active ingredients', 'diverse wellness sectors', 'active pharmaceutical ingredients', 'broader social impact', 'continuing healthcare education', 'five manufacturing sites', 'high-quality API solutions', 'global peptide strategy', 'healthcare value chain', 'PR Wire Editor', 'strong quality foundation', 'complex API development', 'high-quality, European-manufactured APIs', 'direct customer insight', 'LinkedIn Medisca Communications', 'pharmaceutical manufacturing expertise', 'new strategic partnership', 'tuned solutions', 'broader strategy', 'Pharmaceutical Compounding', 'direct relationships', 'personalized wellness', 'LinkedIn Facebook', 'Contract Development', 'pharmaceutical innovation', 'ANTARA/Business Wire', 'new areas', 'quality systems', 'compounding industry', 'quality infrastructure', 'new APIs', 'Manufacturing Organization', 'strategic collaboration', 'international growth', 'peptide collaboration', 'three decades', 'additional markets', 'technical rigor', 'available technical', 'green chemistry', 'responsible sourcing', 'commercial activities', 'important area', 'personalized medicine', 'market expertise', 'next generation', '10,000+ proprietary', 'analytical testing', 'numerous markets', 'leading player', 'large span', 'innovative molecules', 'CDMO) activities', '3000+ people', 'public health', 'Euronext Paris', 'pharmaceutical compounders', 'pharmaceutical manufacturers', 'broader framework', 'API Access', 'EUROAPI-manufactured APIs', 'technical information', 'regulatory information', 'customer initiatives', 'differentiated access', 'product documentation', 'technical documentation', 'evolving needs', 'patients’ needs', 'stronger connection', 'API offering', 'vast portfolio', 'EUROAPI Form', 'YouTube EUROAPI', 'forces', 'Share', 'Montreal', 'products', 'approach', 'time', 'customers', 'catalogue', 'change', 'center', 'ambition', 'source', 'specifications', 'controls', 'focus', 'sustainability', 'commitment', 'training', 'opportunities', 'Peptides', 'companies', 'step', 'leader', 'library', 'services', 'gaps', 'world', 'technologies', 'clients', '80 countries', 'future', 'core', 'EAPI', 'Reporter', 'Copyright']",2026-10-08,2026-10-09,en.antaranews.com
