UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
26681,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We are grateful to Deutsche Börse Group for hosting us and our German and European stakeholders today. Thanks for t… https://t.co/ZOHO8yJCvu,nan,We are grateful to Deutsche Börse Group for hosting us and our German and European stakeholders today. Thanks for t… https://t.co/ZOHO8yJCvu,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'European stakeholders', 'German', 'ZOHO8yJCvu', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'European stakeholders', 'German', 'ZOHO8yJCvu']",2023-06-26,2023-07-04,Unknown
26728,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse CEO to step down when contract ends next year https://t.co/qCqhAo1Ohu https://t.co/rLAcsUVlZ6,nan,Deutsche Boerse CEO to step down when contract ends next year https://t.co/qCqhAo1Ohu https://t.co/rLAcsUVlZ6,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse CEO', 'contract', 'qCqhAo1Ohu', 'Deutsche Boerse CEO', 'contract', 'qCqhAo1Ohu']",2023-06-27,2023-07-04,Unknown
26729,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse CEO to step down when contract ends next year https://t.co/avk87Vw39k https://t.co/zhKgR9XM7l,nan,Deutsche Boerse CEO to step down when contract ends next year https://t.co/avk87Vw39k https://t.co/zhKgR9XM7l,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse CEO', 'contract', 'zhKgR9XM7l', 'Deutsche Boerse CEO', 'contract', 'zhKgR9XM7l']",2023-06-27,2023-07-04,Unknown
26730,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣🇪🇺1 day to go!FESE is extremely grateful for the support and sponsorship of:🌟Gold Sponsor: Deutsche Börse Grou… https://t.co/Cp17DrMY6c,nan,📣🇪🇺1 day to go!FESE is extremely grateful for the support and sponsorship of:🌟Gold Sponsor: Deutsche Börse Grou… https://t.co/Cp17DrMY6c,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Grou', 'Gold Sponsor', 'FESE', 'support', 'sponsorship', '1', 'Deutsche Börse Grou', 'Gold Sponsor', 'FESE', 'support', 'sponsorship', '1']",2023-06-27,2023-07-04,Unknown
26731,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,🏦 Deutsche BankApplied for asset custody license on June 20thThe $1.3T bank has been working on the platform fo… https://t.co/CXsfn6cId1,nan,🏦 Deutsche BankApplied for asset custody license on June 20thThe $1.3T bank has been working on the platform fo… https://t.co/CXsfn6cId1,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['asset custody license', 'Deutsche Bank', 'June 20th', '$1.3T bank', 'The', 'platform', 'CXsfn6cId1', 'asset custody license', 'Deutsche Bank', 'June 20th', '$1.3T bank', 'The', 'platform', 'CXsfn6cId1']",2023-06-27,2023-07-04,Unknown
26951,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,#Russia RUB -12.5/$ HI  #BRICS-Europe currency bottom. Public stock buyback West holder block @Clearstream EU sanct… https://t.co/TveB3ZYafw,nan,#Russia RUB -12.5/$ HI  #BRICS-Europe currency bottom. Public stock buyback West holder block @Clearstream EU sanct… https://t.co/TveB3ZYafw,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Public stock buyback', 'West holder block', 'Clearstream EU sanct', 'Public stock buyback', 'West holder block', 'Clearstream EU sanct']",2023-06-30,2023-07-04,Unknown
26952,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream suspends processing of new Russian share conversions after EU sanctions | Reuters https://t.co/IAsxgTJTum,nan,Clearstream suspends processing of new Russian share conversions after EU sanctions | Reuters https://t.co/IAsxgTJTum,neutral,0.02,0.86,0.12,neutral,0.02,0.86,0.12,True,English,"['new Russian share conversions', 'EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'processing', 'Reuters', 'IAsxgTJTum', 'new Russian share conversions', 'EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'processing', 'Reuters', 'IAsxgTJTum']",2023-06-30,2023-07-04,Unknown
26953,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Clearstream : Clearstream suspends processing of new Russian share conversions after EU sanctions - Reutershttps://t.co/MBtwtXCLtV,nan,@Clearstream : Clearstream suspends processing of new Russian share conversions after EU sanctions - Reutershttps://t.co/MBtwtXCLtV,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,True,English,"['new Russian share conversions', 'EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'processing', 'Reuters', 'new Russian share conversions', 'EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'processing', 'Reuters']",2023-06-30,2023-07-04,Unknown
27012,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,World Economic Forum  SWIFT  Citi  BNY Melon  DTCC  EuroClear  TMoblie  Amazon..............Are they wrong  or ar… https://t.co/2aTyITNE5x,nan,World Economic Forum  SWIFT  Citi  BNY Melon  DTCC  EuroClear  TMoblie  Amazon..............Are they wrong  or ar… https://t.co/2aTyITNE5x,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['World Economic Forum', 'BNY Melon', 'SWIFT', 'Citi', 'DTCC', 'EuroClear', 'TMoblie', 'Amazon', 'aTyITNE5x', 'World Economic Forum', 'BNY Melon', 'SWIFT', 'Citi', 'DTCC', 'EuroClear', 'TMoblie', 'Amazon', 'aTyITNE5x']",2023-07-01,2023-07-04,Unknown
27013,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Mastercard's new network aims to validate digital assets #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/3qGBkEOJiK #regtech,nan,Mastercard's new network aims to validate digital assets #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/3qGBkEOJiK #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['new network', 'digital assets', 'Mastercard', 'Fintech', 'qGBkEOJiK', 'regtech', 'new network', 'digital assets', 'Mastercard', 'Fintech', 'qGBkEOJiK', 'regtech']",2023-06-30,2023-07-04,Unknown
27014,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Investingcom EuroClear 💶💶,nan,@Investingcom EuroClear 💶💶,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Investingcom EuroClear', 'Investingcom EuroClear']",2023-06-30,2023-07-04,Unknown
27026,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@EU_Finance @EU_Commission This is EXTREMELY necessary. For @Clearstream apparently every 4th trade that is paid fo… https://t.co/UJXkYYp55M,nan,@EU_Finance @EU_Commission This is EXTREMELY necessary. For @Clearstream apparently every 4th trade that is paid fo… https://t.co/UJXkYYp55M,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['4th trade', 'EU_Finance', 'EU_Commission', 'UJXkYYp55M', '4th trade', 'EU_Finance', 'EU_Commission', 'UJXkYYp55M']",2023-07-01,2023-07-04,Unknown
27112,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Republic First's long-awaited shareholder meeting set for fall #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/kohfjVYVNp #regtech,nan,Republic First's long-awaited shareholder meeting set for fall #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/kohfjVYVNp #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Republic First', 'shareholder meeting', 'fall', 'Republic First', 'shareholder meeting', 'fall']",2023-07-02,2023-07-04,Unknown
27113,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Is Ledger now competing with Euroclear and DTCC ? Once securities are fully tokenized  Ledger could propose any tra… https://t.co/viSwBMFBrG,nan,Is Ledger now competing with Euroclear and DTCC ? Once securities are fully tokenized  Ledger could propose any tra… https://t.co/viSwBMFBrG,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Ledger', 'Euroclear', 'DTCC', 'securities', 'Ledger', 'Euroclear', 'DTCC', 'securities']",2023-07-02,2023-07-04,Unknown
27114,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Group Limited (ANZ)  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  Citi  Clearstream  Euroclear  Lloyds Banking Group  SIX Digital Excha… https://t.co/s2vaYk1L5k,nan,Group Limited (ANZ)  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  Citi  Clearstream  Euroclear  Lloyds Banking Group  SIX Digital Excha… https://t.co/s2vaYk1L5k,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['SIX Digital Excha', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Group Limited', 'BNP Paribas', 'BNY Mellon', 'ANZ', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'SIX Digital Excha', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Group Limited', 'BNP Paribas', 'BNY Mellon', 'ANZ', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2023-07-02,2023-07-04,Unknown
27123,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@WisdomTreeFunds Hello! why is none of your trackers working today on Xetra / deutsche börse today? Cant find any i… https://t.co/fnNgE3EcPR,nan,@WisdomTreeFunds Hello! why is none of your trackers working today on Xetra / deutsche börse today? Cant find any i… https://t.co/fnNgE3EcPR,negative,0.09,0.29,0.61,negative,0.09,0.29,0.61,True,English,"['deutsche börse', 'WisdomTreeFunds', 'none', 'trackers', 'Xetra', 'Cant', 'deutsche börse', 'WisdomTreeFunds', 'none', 'trackers', 'Xetra', 'Cant']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,Unknown
27124,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,#natgas @WisdomTreeEU @WisdomTreeFunds Hello why is none of your trackers working today on Xetra / deutsche börse t… https://t.co/nJeppUAXE5,nan,#natgas @WisdomTreeEU @WisdomTreeFunds Hello why is none of your trackers working today on Xetra / deutsche börse t… https://t.co/nJeppUAXE5,neutral,0.1,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.1,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['deutsche börse', 'natgas', 'WisdomTreeEU', 'WisdomTreeFunds', 'none', 'trackers', 'Xetra', 'deutsche börse', 'natgas', 'WisdomTreeEU', 'WisdomTreeFunds', 'none', 'trackers', 'Xetra']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,Unknown
27137,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698392/0/en/BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc-BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc-s-rights-issue-raised-gross-proceeds-of-EUR-1-84-million.html,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc: BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc’s rights issue raised gross proceeds of EUR 1.84 million,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  July 3rd 2023 at 1:10 pm NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE USA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SINGAPORE OR SO…,English FinnishBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  July 3rd 2023 at 1:10 pmNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE USA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SINGAPORE OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IS UNLAWFUL.The rights issue resolved by BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc’s (“BBS” or the “Company”) Board of Directors on 5 June 2023 (the “Offering”) has been subscribed to 62.8 percent. The Company raised proceeds of approximately EUR 1.84 million from the Offering before deduction of issuance costs and fees.The Board of Directors of the Company resolved on July 3rd 2023 to approve the subscriptions received in the Offering. A total of 2 931 504 shares (approximately 49.9 per cent of the subscribed shares) have been subscribed based on the subscription rights and a total of 754 889 shares (approximately 12.9 per cent of the subscribed shares) without subscription rights. For a total of [3 686 393] shares subscribed for in the Offering  the acceptance is conditional to payment of the subscribed offer shares on July 5th 2023 at the latest.The shares subscribed for in the Offering are expected to be registered with the Finnish Trade Register approximately on July 10th 2023. Combination of the temporary shares with the Company’s existing shares will occur in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy approximately on July 10th 2023 and in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB approximately on July 13th 2023. The new shares subscribed for in the Offering will be subject to trading together with the Company’s existing shares approximately on July 11th 2023 on First North Growth Market Finland.As a result of the Offering the number of shares in BBS will increase by 3 686 393. After the Offering the total number of shares will amount to 14 118 847  of which the number of treasury shares held by the company 392 128.BBS will in total receive approximately EUR 1.77 million net proceeds through the Offering (after deduction of transaction costs associated with the Offering).BBS’ CEO Ilkka Kangasniemi: “I want to thank all the subscribers for their continued trust towards the Company  which enabled us to execute the Offering. Currently  based on the Company’s estimate  the cash resources collected in the Company are sufficient for about six months. Since the Company must secure its funding for the next year  the Board of Directors will start immediate measures to obtain additional funding.”AdvisorsAalto Capital Partners Oy is acting as financial advisor to the Company in the Offering. Smartius Oy is acting as the legal advisor to the Company on aspects of the Offering related to the Finnish law.BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLCFor more information  please contact:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO +358 40 7080307 ilkka.kangasniemi@bbs-artebone.fiCertified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB +46 70 551 67 29 info@certifiedadviser.seBBS in briefBBS -Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is a orthobiology company that started its operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of complex bone fractures and bone healing issues. Our goal is to provide next-generation medical products for the treatment of bone injuries in orthopedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical industry  the development and research work require perseverance and courage to innovate. We have a track record of over 20 years in this field. Our company is characterized by expertise  innovation  and dedicated employees who are passionate about their work. Our developed product  ARTEBONE®  is in the final stages of product development  and we are seeking the CE marking to enable its commercialization in the EU market. We are based in Oulu with a medical manufacturing facility in Reisjärvi  holding a manufacturing license. The company's headquarters are in Oulu  and we employ 20 people.BBS has been listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland since February 2018.More information: www.bbs-artebone.fiIMPORTANT NOTICEThis release or the information contained therein shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  Singapore  South Africa or the United States. The information contained in this release do not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any area  where offering  procurement of or selling such securities would be unlawful prior to registration or exemption from registration or any other approval required by the securities regulation in such area. This release is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and the rules and regulations issued by virtue of it. BBS has not registered  and does not intend to register  any offering of securities in the United States. No actions have been taken to register the shares or the offering anywhere else than in Finland.The information contained herein shall not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This release is not a prospectus and does not constitute any offer  invitation or investment advice to subscribe for or purchase securities. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any securities or make any investment decisions referred to herein except on the basis of information contained in the basic information document and the investor memorandum issued by BBS.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.06,0.7,True,English,"['BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'rights issue', 'gross proceeds', 'EUR', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland', 'Aalto Capital Partners Oy', 'EUR 1.77 million net proceeds', 'Nordic Certified Adviser AB', 'Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'complex bone fractures', 'bone healing issues', 'next-generation medical products', 'medical manufacturing facility', 'Finnish Trade Register', 'EU market', 'bone injuries', 'Smartius Oy', 'Certified Advisor', 'manufacturing license', 'English Finnish', 'Finnish law', 'HONG KONG', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'rights issue', 'issuance costs', '49.9 per cent', 'subscription rights', '12.9 per cent', 'book-entry system', 'transaction costs', 'continued trust', 'cash resources', 'six months', 'next year', 'immediate measures', 'financial advisor', 'legal advisor', 'orthopedic surgery', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'track record', 'dedicated employees', 'final stages', 'CE marking', 'Reisjärvi', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'other approval', 'United States', 'Ilkka Kangasniemi', 'new product', 'securities regulation', 'additional funding', 'research work', 'temporary shares', 'existing shares', 'new shares', 'treasury shares', 'Insider information', 'More information', 'product development', 'Company Announcement', 'orthobiology company', 'offer shares', 'BBS’ CEO', 'total number', '2,931,504 shares', '754,889 shares', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'USA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'Board', 'Directors', '5 June', 'Offering', '62.8 percent', 'deduction', 'fees', 'July', 'subscriptions', 'acceptance', 'payment', 'Combination', 'result', 'subscribers', 'estimate', 'Advisors', 'aspects', 'brief', 'operations', 'treatment', 'goal', 'perseverance', 'courage', '20 years', 'field', 'expertise', 'innovation', 'ARTEBONE®', 'commercialization', 'Oulu', 'headquarters', '20 people', 'February', 'invitation', 'area', 'procurement', 'registration', 'exemption', 'sale', 'rules', 'regulations', 'virtue', '1:10']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27138,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BBS-BIOACTIVE-BONE-SUBSTI-41648091/news/BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc-BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc-s-rights-issue-raised-gross-p-44251746/,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc: BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc's rights issue raised gross proceeds of EUR 1.84 million,(marketscreener.com) BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  July 3rd 2023 at 1:10 pm NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE USA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEA…,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  July 3rd 2023 at 1:10 pmNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE USA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SINGAPORE OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IS UNLAWFUL.The rights issue resolved by BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc’s (“BBS” or the “Company”) Board of Directors on 5 June 2023 (the “Offering”) has been subscribed to 62.8 percent. The Company raised proceeds of approximately EUR 1.84 million from the Offering before deduction of issuance costs and fees.The Board of Directors of the Company resolved on July 3rd 2023 to approve the subscriptions received in the Offering. A total of 2 931 504 shares (approximately 49.9 per cent of the subscribed shares) have been subscribed based on the subscription rights and a total of 754 889 shares (approximately 12.9 per cent of the subscribed shares) without subscription rights. For a total of [3 686 393] shares subscribed for in the Offering  the acceptance is conditional to payment of the subscribed offer shares on July 5th 2023 at the latest.The shares subscribed for in the Offering are expected to be registered with the Finnish Trade Register approximately on July 10th 2023. Combination of the temporary shares with the Company’s existing shares will occur in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy approximately on July 10th 2023 and in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB approximately on July 13th 2023. The new shares subscribed for in the Offering will be subject to trading together with the Company’s existing shares approximately on July 11th 2023 on First North Growth Market Finland.As a result of the Offering the number of shares in BBS will increase by 3 686 393. After the Offering the total number of shares will amount to 14 118 847  of which the number of treasury shares held by the company 392 128.BBS will in total receive approximately EUR 1.77 million net proceeds through the Offering (after deduction of transaction costs associated with the Offering).BBS’ CEO Ilkka Kangasniemi: “I want to thank all the subscribers for their continued trust towards the Company  which enabled us to execute the Offering. Currently  based on the Company’s estimate  the cash resources collected in the Company are sufficient for about six months. Since the Company must secure its funding for the next year  the Board of Directors will start immediate measures to obtain additional funding.”AdvisorsAalto Capital Partners Oy is acting as financial advisor to the Company in the Offering. Smartius Oy is acting as the legal advisor to the Company on aspects of the Offering related to the Finnish law.BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLCFor more information  please contact:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO +358 40 7080307 ilkka.kangasniemi@bbs-artebone.fiCertified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB +46 70 551 67 29 info@certifiedadviser.seBBS in briefBBS -Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is a orthobiology company that started its operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of complex bone fractures and bone healing issues. Our goal is to provide next-generation medical products for the treatment of bone injuries in orthopedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical industry  the development and research work require perseverance and courage to innovate. We have a track record of over 20 years in this field. Our company is characterized by expertise  innovation  and dedicated employees who are passionate about their work. Our developed product  ARTEBONE®  is in the final stages of product development  and we are seeking the CE marking to enable its commercialization in the EU market. We are based in Oulu with a medical manufacturing facility in Reisjärvi  holding a manufacturing license. The company's headquarters are in Oulu  and we employ 20 people.BBS has been listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland since February 2018.More information: www.bbs-artebone.fiIMPORTANT NOTICEThis release or the information contained therein shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  Singapore  South Africa or the United States. The information contained in this release do not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any area  where offering  procurement of or selling such securities would be unlawful prior to registration or exemption from registration or any other approval required by the securities regulation in such area. This release is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and the rules and regulations issued by virtue of it. BBS has not registered  and does not intend to register  any offering of securities in the United States. No actions have been taken to register the shares or the offering anywhere else than in Finland.The information contained herein shall not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This release is not a prospectus and does not constitute any offer  invitation or investment advice to subscribe for or purchase securities. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any securities or make any investment decisions referred to herein except on the basis of information contained in the basic information document and the investor memorandum issued by BBS.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.07,0.74,True,English,"['BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'rights issue', 'gross proceeds', 'EUR', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland', 'Aalto Capital Partners Oy', 'EUR 1.77 million net proceeds', 'Nordic Certified Adviser AB', 'Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'complex bone fractures', 'bone healing issues', 'next-generation medical products', 'Finnish Trade Register', 'medical manufacturing facility', 'EU market', 'bone injuries', 'Smartius Oy', 'Certified Advisor', 'Finnish law', 'manufacturing license', 'HONG KONG', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'rights issue', 'issuance costs', '49.9 per cent', 'subscription rights', '12.9 per cent', 'book-entry system', 'transaction costs', 'continued trust', 'cash resources', 'six months', 'next year', 'immediate measures', 'financial advisor', 'legal advisor', 'orthopedic surgery', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'track record', 'dedicated employees', 'final stages', 'CE marking', 'Reisjärvi', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'United States', 'other approval', 'Ilkka Kangasniemi', 'new product', 'securities regulation', 'additional funding', 'research work', 'temporary shares', 'existing shares', 'new shares', 'treasury shares', 'Insider information', 'More information', 'product development', 'Company Announcement', 'orthobiology company', 'offer shares', 'BBS’ CEO', 'total number', '2,931,504 shares', '754,889 shares', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'USA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'Board', 'Directors', '5 June', 'Offering', '62.8 percent', 'deduction', 'fees', 'July', 'subscriptions', 'acceptance', 'payment', 'Combination', 'result', 'subscribers', 'estimate', 'Advisors', 'aspects', 'artebone', 'brief', 'operations', 'treatment', 'goal', 'perseverance', 'courage', '20 years', 'field', 'expertise', 'innovation', 'commercialization', 'Oulu', 'headquarters', '20 people', 'February', 'invitation', 'area', 'procurement', 'registration', 'exemption', 'sale', 'rules', 'regulations', 'virtue', '1:10']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27139,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WHITBREAD-PLC-4006657/news/Whitbread-Article-of-Association-44253405/,Whitbread : Article of Association,(marketscreener.com)  60   65   No. 04120344   THE COMPANIES ACT 2006   _________________________   PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES   _________________________   Articles of Association   of   WHITBREAD PLC   ...https://www.mar…,"Delayed London Stock Exchange - 11:35:24 2023-07-04 am EDT 5-day change 1st Jan Change 3392.00 GBX -0.26% +1.28% +31.98% Jun. 29 Barclays Lifts Whitbread PT  Keeps Overweight Rating MT Jun. 29 Exane cuts Ashtead; Investec likes De La Rue AN Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds and ETFs Whitbread : Article of Association Yesterday at 09:06 am Share 60 65 No. 04120344 THE COMPANIES ACT 2006 _________________________ PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES _________________________ Articles of Association of WHITBREAD PLC _________________________ Slaughter and May One Bunhill Row London EC1Y 8YY TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. Exclusion of Model Articles 1 2. Definitions 1 3. Limited Liability 4 3A. Rights Attached to B Shares and Deferred Shares 5 3B. Rights Attached to C Shares and Deferred C Shares 13 4. Change of Name 21 5. Rights Attached to Shares 21 6. Redeemable Shares 22 7. Variation of Rights 22 8. Matters not constituting Variation of Rights 22 9. Shares 22 10. Payment of Commission 23 11. Trusts Not Recognised 23 12. Suspension of Rights Where Non-Disclosure of Interest 23 13. Uncertificated Shares 25 14. Right to Share Certificates 26 15. Replacement of Share Certificates 27 16. Execution of Share Certificates 27 17. Share Certificates Sent at Holder's Risk 27 18. Company's Lien on Shares Not Fully Paid 28 19. Enforcing Lien by Sale 28 20. Application of Proceeds of Sale 28 21. Calls 29 22. Timing of Calls 29 23. Liability of Joint Holders 29 24. Interest Due on Non-Payment 29 25. Sums Due on Allotment Treated as Calls 29 26. Power to Differentiate 30 27. Payment of Calls in Advance 30 28. Notice if Call or Instalment Not Paid 30 29. Form of Notice 30 30. Forfeiture for Non-Compliance with Notice 30 31. Notice after Forfeiture 31 32. Sale of Forfeited Shares 31 33. Arrears to be Paid Notwithstanding Forfeiture 31 34. Statutory Declaration as to Forfeiture 31 35. Transfer 32 36. Signing of Transfer 32 37. Rights to Decline Registration of Partly Paid Shares 32 38. Other Rights to Decline Registration 32 39. No Fee for Registration 33 40. Untraced Shareholders 33 41. Transmission on Death 34 42. Entry of Transmission in Register 34 43. Election of Person Entitled by Transmission 35 44. Rights of Person Entitled by Transmission 35 45. Sub-division 36 46. Fractions 36 47. Participation in General Meetings 36 48. Electronic Facilities and Satellite Meetings 37 49. Omission or Non-Receipt of Notice 38 50. Changes to Arrangements for General Meetings 38 51. Quorum 38 52. Procedure if Quorum Not Present 38 53. Security  Health and Safety and Access Arrangements 39 54. Chair of General Meeting 39 55. Orderly Conduct 40 56. Entitlement to Attend and Speak 40 57. Adjournments 40 58. Notice of Adjournment 41 59. Amendments to Resolutions 41 60. Amendments Ruled Out of Order 42 61. Votes of Members 42 62. Method of Voting 42 63. Procedure if Poll Demanded 43 64. When Poll to be Taken 43 65. Continuance of Other Business after Poll Demand 43 66. Votes of Joint Holders 43 67. Voting on behalf of Incapable Member 43 68. No Right to Vote where Sums Overdue on Shares 44 69. Objections or Errors in Voting 44 70. Appointment of Proxies 44 71. Receipt of Proxies 44 72. Maximum Validity of Proxy 46 73. Form of Proxy 46 74. Cancellation of Proxy's Authority 46 75. Separate General Meetings 46 76. Number of Directors 47 77. Directors' Shareholding Qualification 47 78. Power of Company to Appoint Directors 47 79. Power of Directors to Appoint Directors 47 80. Annual Retirement of Directors 47 81. Filling Vacancies 47 82. Power of Removal by Special Resolution 47 83. Persons Eligible as Directors 47 84. Position of Retiring Directors 48 85. Vacation of Office by Directors 48 86. Alternate Directors 49 87. Executive Directors 50 88. Directors' Fees 50 89. Additional Remuneration 50 90. Expenses 50 91. Pensions and Gratuities for Directors 51 92. Directors' Interests 51 93. General Powers of Company Vested in Directors 55 94. Borrowing Powers 56 95. Agents 59 96. Delegation to Individual Directors 60 97. Registers 60 98. Provision for Employees 60 99. Directors' Meetings 60 100. Notice of Directors' Meetings 60 101. Quorum 61 102. Directors below Minimum through Vacancies 61 103. Appointment of Chair 61 104. Competence of Meetings 61 105. Voting 62 106. Delegation to Committees 62 107. Participation in Meetings 62 108. Resolution in Writing 62 109. Validity of Acts of Directors or Committee 63 110. Use of Seals 63 111. Declaration of Dividends by Company 63 112. Payment of Interim and Fixed Dividends by Directors 63 113. Calculation and Currency of Dividends 64 114. Amounts Due on Shares can be Deducted from Dividends 64 115. No Interest on Dividends 64 116. Payment Procedure 64 117. Uncashed Dividends 66 118. Forfeiture of Unclaimed Dividends 66 119. Dividends Not in Cash 66 120. Scrip Dividends 67 121. Power to Capitalise Reserves and Funds 69 122. Settlement of Difficulties in Distribution 70 123. Power to Choose Any Record Date 70 124. Inspection of Records ( 70 125. Strategic Reports with Supplementary Material 70 126. Method of Service 70 127. Record Date for Service 72 128. Members on Branch Registers 72 129. Service of Notices on Persons Entitled by Transmission 72 130. Deemed Delivery 73 131. Notice When Post Not Available 74 132. Presumptions Where Documents Destroyed 74 133. Indemnity of Directors 75 GLOSSARY 76 56 580856231 580856231 Registered No. 04120344 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF WHITBREAD PLC (Articles adopted by Special Resolution passed on [●]) 1. Exclusion of Model Articles The articles prescribed in any legislation relating to companies do not apply as the articles of the company. 2. Definitions (A) The following table gives the meaning of certain words and expressions as they are used in these articles. However  the meaning given in the table does not apply if it is not consistent with the context in which a word or expression appears. At the end of these articles there is a Glossary which explains various words and expressions which appear in the text. The Glossary also explains some of the words and expressions used in the memorandum. The Glossary is not part of the memorandum or articles and does not affect their meaning. ""address"" includes a number or address used for sending or receiving documents or information by electronic means; ""amount"" (of a share) this refers to the nominal amount of the share; ""these articles"" means these articles of association  including any changes made to them  and the expression ""this article"" refers to a particular article in these articles of association; ""auditors"" means the auditor of the company and  where two or more people are appointed to act jointly  any one of them; ""Bank of England Bank Rate"" means the Bank Rate most recently set by the Monetary Policy Committee of the Bank of England in connection with its responsibilities under Part 2 of the Bank of England Act 1998; ""certificated share"" means a share which is not a CREST share and is normally held in certificated form; ""chair"" means the chair of the board of directors; ""clear days"" in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the day when the notice is given or deemed to be given and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect; ""CREST"" means the electronic settlement system for securities traded on a recognised investment exchange and owned by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited  or any similar system; ""CREST share"" means a share which is noted on the shareholders' register as being held through CREST in uncertificated form; ""directors"" means the executive and non-executive directors of the company who make up its board of directors (and ""director"" means any one of them) or  where applicable  the directors present at a meeting of the directors at which a quorum is present; ""electronic facility"" includes (without limitation) website addresses and conference call systems and any device  system  procedure  method or other facility providing an electronic means of attendance at and/or participation in a general meeting decided by the directors under these articles and available in respect of that meeting; ""holder"" in relation to any share means the person whose name is entered in the register as the holder of that share; ""legislation"" means every statute (and any orders  regulations or other subordinate legislation made under it) applying to the company; ""the office"" means the company's registered office; ""ordinary shareholder"" means a holder of ordinary shares; ""ordinary shares"" means the company's ordinary shares; ""paid up"" means paid up or treated (credited) as paid up; ""pay"" includes any kind of reward or payment for services; ""register"" means the company's register of shareholders and  at any time when the company has shares in issue which are CREST shares  means the Operator register of members (maintained by CREST) and the issuer register of members (maintained by the company); ""seal"" means any common or official seal that the company may be permitted to have under the legislation; ""secretary"" means the secretary  or (if there are joint secretaries) any one of the joint secretaries  of the company and includes an assistant or deputy secretary and any person appointed by the directors to perform any of the duties of the secretary; ""shareholder"" means a holder of the company's shares; ""uncertificated securities rules"" means any provision in the legislation which relates to CREST shares or to the transfer of CREST shares or how the ownership of CREST shares is evidenced; and ""United Kingdom"" means Great Britain and Northern Ireland. (B) References in these articles to a document being ""signed"" or to ""signature"" include references to its being executed under hand or under seal or by any other method and  in the case of a communication in electronic form  such references are to its being authenticated as specified by the legislation. (C) References in these articles to ""writing"" and to any form of ""written"" communication include references to any method of representing or reproducing words  symbols or other information in a legible and non-transitory form whether sent or supplied in electronic form or otherwise. (D) Any words or expressions defined in the legislation in force when these articles or any part of these articles are adopted will (if not inconsistent with the subject or context in which they appear) have the same meaning in these articles or that part save the word ""company"" includes any body corporate. (E) References to a meeting: (i) refer to a meeting convened and held in any manner permitted by these articles  including a general meeting at which any of those entitled to be present attend and participate by means of an electronic facility and/or attend and participate at a satellite meeting  and such persons shall be deemed to be present at that meeting for all purposes of the legislation and these articles and ""attend""  ""attending""  ""attendance""  ""participate""  ""participating"" and ""participation"" shall be construed accordingly; and (ii) will not be taken as requiring more than one person to be present if any quorum requirement can be satisfied by one person. (F) Headings in these articles are only included for convenience. They do not affect the meaning of these articles. (G) Where these articles refer to a person who is entitled to a share by law  this means a person who has been noted in the register as being entitled to a share as a result of the death or bankruptcy of a shareholder or some other event which gives rise to the transmission of the share by operation of law. (H) In these articles: powers of delegation shall not be restrictively construed  but the widest interpretation shall be given to them; the word directors in the context of the exercise of any power contained in these articles includes any committee consisting of one or more directors  any director  any other officer of the company and any local or divisional board  manager or agent of the company  to which or to whom the power in question has been delegated by the board of directors from time to time of the company or otherwise in accordance with these articles; no power of delegation shall be limited by the existence or  except where expressly provided by the terms of delegation  the exercise of that or any other power of delegation; and except where expressly provided by the terms of delegation  the delegation of a power shall not exclude the concurrent exercise of that power by any other person who is for the time being authorised to exercise it. 3. Limited Liability The liability of the company's members is limited to any unpaid amount on the shares in the company held by them. 3A. Rights Attached to B Shares and Deferred Shares Notwithstanding article 4 the B Shares (as defined below) and the Deferred Shares (as defined below) shall have the rights attaching to shares set out in these articles save that in the event of a conflict between any provision in this article 3A and any other provision in these articles  the provisions in this article 3A shall prevail. (A) Election Form (i) Together with a circular to shareholders dated 26 May 2006 (the ""Circular"") ordinary shareholders were sent a form of election relating to non-cumulative preference shares of 1 pence each (the ""B Shares"") (the ""Election Form"") under which they could elect in relation to any B Shares to be issued to them to: (a) accept an offer by Deutsche Bank AG  London Branch to purchase the B Shares (the ""Initial Purchase Offer""); or (b) retain B Shares and receive the B Share Continuing Dividend (as defined below). (ii) Holders of B Shares who either wish to receive the Single B Share Dividend (as defined below) in respect of all of their B Shares or have not returned a duly completed Election Form by 3.00pm on 29 June 2006 (or such later time and/or date as the directors may determine) electing (revocably until that time) to accept the Initial Purchase Offer or to retain their B Shares and receive the B Share Continuing Dividend will be deemed instead to have elected to receive the Single B Share Dividend in relation to each B Share held by them. (iii) The directors may  if they so determine in their absolute discretion  accept an Election Form which is received after the relevant time or which is not correctly completed. The directors may  in addition  if they so determine in their absolute discretion  treat any other document or action as a valid Election Form or as the completion or delivery of a valid Election Form  as the case may be. (B) Income (i) Out of the profits available for distribution  a single dividend of 155 pence per B Share (the ""Single B Share Dividend"") shall be payable to those holders of B Shares in respect of which the Single B Share Dividend has deemed to have been made. (ii) Such dividend shall  if declared  become payable on 3 July 2006 or such later date as the directors may determine (the ""Single Dividend Date""). Each B Share in respect of which such dividend becomes payable shall  on such date (or such other date as the directors may determine)  be automatically converted into a deferred share of 1 pence nominal value with the rights and restrictions described in article 3A(I) (a ""Deferred Share""). (iii) Out of the profits available for distribution in respect of each financial year or other accounting period of the company  the holders of the B Shares who have elected to retain their B Shares shall be entitled  in priority to any payment of dividend or other distribution to the ordinary shareholders and before profits are carried to reserves  to be paid a non-cumulative preferential dividend (the ""B Share Continuing Dividend"") at such annual rate on a value of 155 pence per B Share as is calculated in accordance with article 3A(B)(v) below rounded down to the nearest 1/10 penny (exclusive of any associated tax credit relating thereto). (iv) The first B Share Continuing Dividend will be in respect of the period commencing on the Single Dividend Date and is to be paid in arrear on 2 July 2007 (or such later date as the directors may determine) and thereafter  such dividend will be paid (without having to be declared) annually in arrear on 2 July (or such later date as the directors may determine) in each year or  if any such date would otherwise fall on a date which is not a Business Day (as defined below) it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day (without any interest or payment in respect of such delay) (each  a ""Payment Date""). (v) Each twelve month period ending on 2 July is called a ""Calculation Period"". The annual rate applicable to each Calculation Period shall be the Bank of England's Bank Rate (or  if such rate is for any reason unavailable  such other rate as the directors determine to be  in their absolute discretion  an appropriate alternative or replacement therefor) prevailing on the first Business Day of such Calculation Period. (vi) In this article  the expression ""Business Day"" means a day upon which commercial banks are generally open in London; and ""non-cumulative"" in relation to the B Share Continuing Dividend means that the dividend payable on each Payment Date is payable out of the profits of the company available for distribution in respect of the accounting reference period in which the Payment Date falls (including any reserves representing profits made in previous accounting reference periods) without any right in the case of a deficiency to resort to profits made in subsequent accounting reference periods. (vii) Payments of the B Share Continuing Dividend under article 3A(B)(iv) shall be made to holders on the company's relevant register on a date selected by the directors  being not less than 15 days nor more than 42 days (or  in default of selection by the directors  on the date falling 15 days) prior to the relevant Payment Date. (viii) The holders of the B Shares shall not be entitled to any further right of participation in the profits of the company. (ix) All B Share Continuing Dividends payable on the B Shares which are unclaimed for a period of six years from the date of due payment shall be forfeited and shall revert to the company. (C) Capital (i) Except as provided in article 3A(F) below  on a return of capital on winding-up (excluding any intra-group reorganisation on a solvent basis)  the holders of the B Shares shall be entitled  in priority to any payment to the ordinary shareholders to 155 pence per B Share held by them  together with a sum equal to the relevant proportion of the B Share Continuing Dividend (if any) under article 3A(B)(iii) which would have been payable  if the winding-up had taken effect on the last day of the then current Calculation Period  the relevant proportion being the number of days from and including the preceding Payment Date (or  if the date of such winding-up is prior to 3 July 2006  the Single Dividend Date) to  but excluding  the date of such winding-up  divided by 365. (ii) The aggregate entitlement of each holder of B Shares on a winding-up in respect of all of the B Shares held by him shall be rounded up to the nearest whole penny. (iii) The holders of the B Shares shall not be entitled to any further right of participation in the profits or assets of the company in excess of that specified in article 3A(C)(i) above. If on such a winding-up the amounts available for payment are insufficient to cover in full the amounts payable on the B Shares  the holders of such shares will share rateably in the distribution of assets (if any) in proportion to the full preferential amounts to which they are entitled. (D) Attendance and Voting at General Meetings (i) The holders of the B Shares shall not be entitled  in their capacity as holders of such shares  to receive notice of any general meeting of the company nor to attend  speak or vote at any such general meeting unless: (a) the business of the meeting includes the consideration of a resolution for the winding-up (excluding any intra-group reorganisation on a solvent basis) of the company  in which case the holders of the B Shares shall have the right to attend the general meeting and shall be entitled to speak and vote only on any such resolution; or (b) at the date of the notice convening the meeting  the B Share Continuing Dividend has remained unpaid for six months or more from any Payment Date  in which case the holders of the B Shares shall have the right to attend the general meeting and shall be entitled to speak and vote on all resolutions. (ii) Whenever the holders of the B Shares are entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company  on a show of hands every holder thereof who (being an individual) is present in person or (being a corporation) by a representative shall have one vote  and on a poll every such holder shall have such number of votes as he would be entitled to exercise had he been an ordinary shareholder arising if the B Shares registered in the name of such holder had been converted into such ordinary shares immediately prior to such meeting in accordance with the rights of the B Shares. (E) Company's Right to Purchase Subject to the provisions of the legislation and to compliance with applicable securities law and regulations but without the need to obtain the sanction of a special resolution of the holders of the B Shares  the company may at any time and at its sole discretion purchase B Shares (a) in the market or (b) by tender available alike to all holders of B Shares or (c) by private treaty  in each case at a price and upon such other terms and conditions as the directors may think fit. (F) Class Rights (i) The company may from time to time create  allot and issue further shares  whether ranking pari passu with or in priority to the B Shares. The creation  allotment or issue of any such further shares (whether or not ranking in any respect in priority to the B Shares) shall be treated as being in accordance with the rights attaching to the B Shares and shall not involve a variation of such rights for any purpose or require the consent of the holders of B Shares. (ii) A reduction by the company of the capital paid up or credited as paid up on the B Shares and the cancellation of such shares shall be treated as being in accordance with the rights attaching to the B Shares and shall not involve a variation of such rights for any purpose. The company will be authorised to reduce its capital (subject to the confirmation of the Court in accordance with the legislation and without obtaining the consent of the holders of the B Shares) including by paying to the holders of the B Shares the preferential amounts to which they are entitled as set out above. (iii) If at any time a currency other than pounds sterling is accepted as legal tender in the United Kingdom in place of or in addition to pounds sterling  the directors shall be entitled  without the consent of ordinary shareholders or holders of the B Shares  to make such arrangements and adjustments in respect of the method of calculation and payment of any of the entitlements of holders of B Shares under these articles as the directors consider necessary  fair and reasonable in the circumstances to give effect to the rights attaching to the B Shares  including (without limitation) in respect of the calculation and payment of the B Share Continuing Dividend  notwithstanding the fact of such acceptance. Any such arrangements and adjustments shall not involve a variation of any rights attaching to the B Shares for any purpose. (G) Conversion into Ordinary Shares at the Company's Option (i) The company may (subject to the provisions of the legislation) at any time after the Company's AGM to be held in 2007 on the giving of not less than 10 days' nor more than 42 days' notice in writing to the holders of the B Shares  convert all but not some only of the outstanding B Shares into ordinary shares on the date specified in the notice (the ""Conversion Date""). The conversion shall be on the basis of one ordinary share for every (M/155) B Shares (where M represents the average of the closing mid-market quotations in pence of the ordinary shares on the London Stock Exchange  as derived from the Daily Official List for the five Business Days immediately preceding the Conversion Date)  fractional entitlements being disregarded and the balance of such shares (including any fractions) shall be Deferred Shares  which shall have the same rights and be subject to the same restrictions as the Deferred Shares of 1 pence set out in article 3A(I). The company shall use its reasonable endeavours to list the ordinary shares into which B Shares are converted on the London Stock Exchange if on the Conversion Date the company's ordinary shares are also so listed. (ii) Conversion of the B Shares may be effected in such manner as the directors shall from time to time determine (subject to the provisions of the legislation) including  without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing  in accordance with the provisions of article 3A(G)(iii) or the provisions of article 3A(G)(iv) pursuant to the authority given by the passing of the resolution to create the B Shares. (iii) If the aggregate nominal value of the B Shares is lower than the aggregate nominal value of the ordinary shares into which the B Shares will convert on the Conversion Date  the directors may effect conversion by: (a) capitalising an amount of share premium account equal to the difference between the aggregate nominal value of the B Shares and the aggregate nominal value of the ordinary shares into which those B Shares are to convert (the ""Shortfall Amount"")  and applying such amount in allotting to the holders of the B Shares (in proportion to their holdings of B Shares) and paying up in full a number of undesignated shares (with such par value as the directors may determine) having an aggregate nominal value equal to the Shortfall Amount; and (b) in respect of each holder or joint holders consolidating the B Shares and the undesignated shares allotted pursuant to (a) above into one share and sub-dividing and redesignating such share into: (x) the number of ordinary shares to which that holder is entitled on conversion; and (y) a number of deferred shares of nominal value equal to the highest amount that will not result in any holder or holders being entitled to a fraction of such a deferred share  such deferred shares having an aggregate nominal value equal to the sum of the aggregate nominal value of the B Shares held by the relevant holder or holders less the aggregate nominal value of the ordinary shares referred to in (x) above  and otherwise having the rights and being subject to the restrictions set out in article 3A(I). (iv) If the aggregate nominal value of the B Shares is lower than the aggregate nominal value of the ordinary shares into which the B Shares will convert on the Conversion Date and if the company does not have sufficient reserves available to effect conversion in the manner described in article 3A(G)(iii)  the directors may effect conversion by consolidating into one share all the B Shares held by any holder or joint holders at the Conversion Date and sub-dividing such share into the appropriate number of ordinary shares and such ordinary shares  notwithstanding that they may have a different nominal amount from the other ordinary shares then in issue  shall form a uniform class with the other ordinary shares then in issue and shall  subject to article 3A(G)(v) but notwithstanding any other contrary provision herein  for all purposes and in all respects (including  without limitation  entitlement to dividends or other distributions  participation in offers  voting rights  and rights on a liquidation or return of capital) rank pari passu with the other ordinary shares then in issue  for which purposes the nominal amount of each ordinary share arising on such consolidation and sub-division shall be deemed to be the same as the nominal amount per ordinary share then in issue. (v) Any ordinary shares arising on conversion of the B Shares shall rank pari passu with the ordinary shares already in issue at the date of conversion in all respects save that such ordinary shares shall not be entitled to any dividend or other distribution declared  paid or made by reference to a record date prior the Conversion Date. (vi) If the company exercises its rights of conversion  the period commencing on the Payment Date preceding the Conversion Date and ending on such Conversion Date is called the ""Final Calculation Period"" and the B Share Continuing Dividend in respect of such period shall be payable in arrear on the final Business Day of such period (the ""Final Payment Date""). In respect of the Final Calculation Period (if any)  the amount of the B Share Continuing Dividend shall be the relevant proportion of the B Share Continuing Dividend which would have been payable if conversion had taken effect on the last day of the then current Calculation Period  the relevant proportion being the number of days from and including the last Payment Date to  but excluding  the Final Payment Date  divided by 365. The aggregate amount of the B Share Continuing Dividend payable to each holder of B Shares shall be rounded down to the nearest 1/10 penny. (H) Deletion of Article 3A(A) to (H) when no B Shares in existence Article 3A(A) to (H) shall remain in force until there are no longer any B Shares in existence whether by way of conversion into Deferred Shares  purchase and cancellation or conversion into ordinary shares  whichever is earlier  notwithstanding any provision in the articles to the contrary. Thereafter article 3A(A) to (H) shall be and shall be deemed to be of no effect (save to the extent that the provisions of article 3A(A) to (H) are referred to in other articles) and shall be deleted and replaced with the wording 'Article 3A(A) to (H) has been deleted'  and the separate register for the holders of B Shares shall no longer be required to be maintained by the company; but the validity of anything done under article 3A(A) to (H) before that date shall not otherwise be affected and any actions taken under article 3A(A) to (H) before that date shall be conclusive and shall not be open to challenge on any grounds whatsoever. (I) Deferred Shares (i) Income The Deferred Shares shall confer no right to participate in the profits of the company. (ii) Capital On a return of capital on a winding-up (excluding any intra-group re-organisation on a solvent basis) there shall be paid to the holders of the Deferred Shares the nominal capital paid up or credited as paid up on such Deferred Shares after: (a) first  paying to the holders of the B Shares 155 pence per B Share held by them together with any outstanding entitlement to the B Share Continuing Dividend up to the Payment Date last preceding the return of capital; and (b) secondly  paying to the ordinary shareholders the nominal capital paid up or credited as paid up on the ordinary shares held by them respectively  together with the sum of £100 000 000 on each ordinary share. The holders of the Deferred Shares shall not be entitled to any further right of participation in the assets of the company. (iii) Attendance and Voting at General Meetings The holders of the Deferred Shares shall not be entitled to receive notice of any general meeting of the company or to attend  speak or vote at any such meeting. (iv) Form The Deferred Shares shall not be listed on any stock exchange nor shall any share certificates be issued in respect of such shares. The Deferred Shares shall not be transferable except in accordance with article 3A(l)(vi) below or with the written consent of the directors. (v) Class Rights The company may from time to time create  allot and issue further shares  whether ranking pari passu with or in priority to the Deferred Shares  and on such creation  allotment or issue any such further shares (whether or not ranking in any respect in priority to the Deferred Shares) shall be treated as being in accordance with the rights attaching to the Deferred Shares and shall not involve a variation of such rights for any purpose or require the consent of the holders of the Deferred Shares. The reduction by the company of the capital paid up on the Deferred Shares shall be in accordance with the rights attaching to the Deferred Shares and shall not involve a variation of such rights for any purpose and the company shall be authorised at any time to reduce its capital (subject to the confirmation of the Court in accordance with the legislation) without obtaining the consent of the holders of the Deferred Shares. (vi) Transfer and Purchase The company may at any time (and from time to time) (subject to the provisions of the legislation)  without obtaining the sanction of the holder or holders of the Deferred Shares: (a) appoint any person to execute on behalf of any holder of Deferred Shares a transfer of all of the Deferred Shares or any part thereof (and/or an agreement to transfer the same) to the company or to such person as the directors may determine (whether or not an officer of the company)  in any case for not more than 1 pence for all the Deferred Shares then being purchased from him; and (b) cancel all or any of the Deferred Shares so purchased by the company in accordance with the legislation. (J) Deletion of Article 3A(I) to (J) when no Deferred Shares in existence Article 3A(I) to (J) shall remain in force until there are no longer any Deferred Shares in existence  notwithstanding any provision in the articles to the contrary. Thereafter article 3A(I) to (J) shall be and shall be deemed to be of no effect (save to the extent that the provisions of article 3A(I) to (J) are referred to in other articles) and shall be deleted and replaced with the wording 'Article 3A(I) to (J) has been deleted'  and the separate register for the holders of Deferred Shares shall no longer be required to be maintained by the company; but the validity of anything done under article 3A(I) to (J) before that date shall not otherwise be affected and any actions taken under article 3A(I) to (J) before that date shall be conclusive and shall not be open to challenge on any grounds whatsoever. 3B. Rights Attached to C Shares and Deferred C Shares Notwithstanding articles 3A and 4 the C Shares (as defined below) shall have the rights attaching to shares set out in these articles save that in the event of a conflict between any provision in this article 3B and any other provision in these articles  the provisions in this article 3B shall prevail. (A) Election Form (i) Together with a circular to shareholders dated 24 November 2006 ordinary shareholders were sent a form of election relating to non-cumulative preference shares of 1 penny each (the '' C Shares'' ) (the '' C Share Election Form'' ) under which they could elect in relation to any C Shares to be issued to them to: (a) participate in a sale to Deutsche Bank AG  London Branch of the C Shares (the '' Initial C Share Purchase Offer'' ); or (b) retain C Shares and receive the C Share Continuing Dividend (as defined below). (ii) Holders of C Shares who have not returned a duly completed C Share Election Form by 3.00pm on 11 January 2007 (or such later time and/or date as the directors may determine) electing (revocably until that time) to accept the Initial C Share Purchase Offer or to retain their C Shares and receive the C Share Continuing Dividend will be deemed instead to have elected to receive the Single C Share Dividend in relation to each C Share held by them. (iii) The directors may  if they so determine in their absolute discretion  accept a C Share Election Form which is received after the relevant time or which is not correctly completed. The directors may  in addition  if they so determine in their absolute discretion  treat any other document or action as a valid C Share Election Form or as the completion or delivery of a valid C Share Election Form  as the case may be. (B) Income (i) Out of the profits available for distribution  a single dividend of 159 pence (the ''Single C Share Dividend'') shall be payable in respect of each C Share whose holder has elected  or deemed to have elected  to receive the Single C Share Dividend. (ii) Such dividend shall  if declared by resolution of the directors  or a duly authorised committee thereof  become payable on 15 January 2007 or such later date as the directors may determine (the ''Single C Share Dividend Date''). Each C Share in respect of which such dividend becomes payable shall  on such date (or such other date as the directors may determine)  be automatically converted into a deferred C share of 1 penny nominal value with the rights and restrictions described in article 3B(I) (a ''Deferred C Share''). (iii) Out of the profits available for distribution in respect of each financial year or other accounting period of the company  the holders of the C Shares who have elected to retain their C Shares shall be entitled  in priority to any payment of dividend or other distribution to the ordinary shareholders and before profits are carried to reserves but after the payment of the B Share Continuing Dividend to the holders of the B Shares  to be paid a non-cumulative preferential dividend (the ''C Share Continuing Dividend'') at such annual rate on a value of 159 pence per C Share as is calculated in accordance with article 3B(B)(v) below rounded down to the nearest 1/10 penny (exclusive of any associated tax credit relating thereto). (iv) The first C Share Continuing Dividend will be in respect of the period commencing on the Single C Share Dividend Date and is to be paid in arrear on 14 January 2008 (or such later date as the directors may determine) and thereafter  such dividend will be paid (without having to be declared) annually in arrear on 14 January (or such later date as the directors may determine) in each year or  if any such date would otherwise fall on a date which is not a Business Day (as defined below) it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day (without any interest or payment in respect of such delay) (each  a ''C SharePayment Date''). (v) Each twelve month period ending on 14 January is called a ''C ShareCalculation Period''. The annual rate applicable to each C Share Calculation Period shall be the Bank of England's Bank Rate (or  if such rate is for any reason unavailable  such other rate as the directors determine to be  in their absolute discretion  an appropriate alternative or replacement therefor) prevailing on the first Business Day of such C Share Calculation Period. (vi) In this article  the expression ''Business Day'' means a day upon which commercial banks are generally open in London; and ''non-cumulative'' in relation to the C Share Continuing Dividend means that the dividend payable on each C Share Payment Date is payable out of the profits of the company available for distribution in respect of the accounting reference period in which the C Share Payment Date falls (including any reserves representing profits made in previous accounting reference periods) without any right in the case of a deficiency to resort to profits made in subsequent accounting reference periods. (vii) Payments of the C Share Continuing Dividend under article 3B(B)(iv) shall be made to holders on the company's relevant register on a date selected by the directors  being not less than 15 days nor more than 42 days (or  in default of selection by the directors  on the date falling 15 days) prior to the relevant C Share Payment Date. (viii) The holders of the C Shares shall not be entitled to any further right of participation in the profits of the company. (ix) All C Share Continuing Dividends payable on the C Shares which are unclaimed for a period of six years from the date of due payment shall be forfeited and shall revert to the company. (C) Capital (i) Except as provided in article 3B(F) below  on a return of capital on winding-up (excluding any intra-group reorganisation on a solvent basis)  the holders of the C Shares shall be entitled  in priority to any payment to the ordinary shareholders but after any payments required to be made to the holders of the B Shares  to 159 pence per C Share held by them  together with a sum equal to the relevant proportion of the C Share Continuing Dividend (if any) under article 3B(B)(iii) which would have been payable if the winding-up had taken effect on the last day of the then current C Share Calculation Period  the relevant proportion being the number of days from and including the preceding C Share Payment Date (or  if the date of such winding-up is prior to 15 January 2007  the Single C Share Dividend Date) to  but excluding  the date of such winding-up  divided by 365. (ii) The aggregate entitlement of each holder of C Shares on a winding-up in respect of all of the C Shares held by him shall be rounded up to the nearest whole penny. (iii) The holders of the C Shares shall not be entitled to any further right of participation in the profits or assets of the company in excess of that specified in article 3B(C)(i) above. If on such a winding-up the amounts available for payment are insufficient to cover in full the amounts payable on the C Shares  the holders of such shares will share rateably in the distribution of assets (if any) in proportion to the full preferential amounts to which they are entitled. (D) Attendance and Voting at General Meetings (i) The holders of the C Shares shall not be entitled  in their capacity as holders of such shares  to receive notice of any general meeting of the company nor to attend  speak or vote at any such general meeting unless: (a) the business of the meeting includes the consideration of a resolution for the winding-up (excluding any intra-group reorganisation on a solvent basis) of the company  in which case the holders of the C Shares shall have the right to attend the general meeting and shall be entitled to speak and vote only on any such resolution; or (b) at the date of the notice convening the meeting  the C Share Continuing Dividend has remained unpaid for six months or more from any C Share Payment Date  in which case the holders of the C Shares shall have the right to attend the general meeting and shall be entitled to speak and vote on all resolutions. (ii) Whenever the holders of the C Shares are entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company  on a show of hands every holder thereof who (being an individual) is present in person or (being a corporation) by a representative shall have one vote  and on a poll every such holder shall have such number of votes as he would have been entitled to exercise had he been the holder of such number of ordinary shares as would have arisen if the C Shares registered in the name of such holder had been converted into such ordinary shares immediately prior to the deadline for determining entitlements to vote at such meeting in accordance with the rights of the C Shares. (E) Company's Right to Purchase Subject to the provisions of the legislation and to compliance with applicable securities law and regulations but without the need to obtain the sanction of a special resolution of the holders of the C Shares  the company may at any time and at its sole discretion purchase C Shares (a) in the market or (b) by tender available alike to all holders of C Shares or (c) by private treaty  in each case at a price and upon such other terms and conditions as the directors may think fit. (F) Class Rights (i) The company may from time to time create  allot and issue further shares  whether ranking pari passu with or in priority to the C Shares. The creation  allotment or issue of any such further shares (whether or not ranking in any respect in priority to the C Shares) shall be treated as being in accordance with the rights attaching to the C Shares and shall not involve a variation of such rights for any purpose or require the consent of the holders of C Shares. (ii) A reduction by the company of the capital paid up or credited as paid up on the C Shares and the cancellation of such shares shall be treated as being in accordance with the rights attaching to the C Shares and shall not involve a variation of such rights for any purpose. The company will be authorised to reduce its capital (subject to the confirmation of the Court in accordance with the legislation and without obtaining the consent of the holders of the C Shares) including by paying to the holders of the C Shares the preferential amounts to which they are entitled as set out above. (iii) If at any time a currency other than pounds sterling is accepted as legal tender in the United Kingdom in place of or in addition to pounds sterling  the directors shall be entitled  without the consent of ordinary shareholders or holders of the C Shares  to make such arrangements and adjustments in respect of the method of calculation and payment of any of the entitlements of holders of C Shares under these articles as the directors consider necessary  fair and reasonable in the circumstances to give effect to the rights attaching to the C Shares  including (without limitation) in respect of the calculation and payment of the C Share Continuing Dividend  notwithstanding the fact of such acceptance. Any such arrangements and adjustments shall not involve a variation of any rights attaching to the C Shares for any purpose. (G) Conversion into Ordinary Shares at the Company's Option (i) The company may (subject to the provisions of the legislation) at any time after the company's AGM to be held in 2008 on the giving of not less than 10 days' nor more than 42 days' notice in writing to the holders of the C Shares  convert all but not some only of the outstanding C Shares into ordinary shares on the date specified in the notice (the ''C ShareConversion Date''). The conversion shall be on the basis of one ordinary share for every (M/159) C Share (where M represents the average of the closing mid-market quotations in pence of an ordinary share on the London Stock Exchange  as derived from the Daily Official List for the five Business Days immediately preceding the C Share Conversion Date)  fractional entitlements being disregarded and the balance of such shares (including any fractions) shall be Deferred C Shares  which shall have the same rights and be subject to the same restrictions as the Deferred C Shares of 1 penny set out in article 3B(I). The company shall use its reasonable endeavours to list the ordinary shares into which C Shares are converted on the London Stock Exchange if on the C Share Conversion Date the company's ordinary shares are also so listed. (ii) Conversion of the C Shares may be effected in such manner as the directors shall from time to time determine (subject to the provisions of the legislation) including  without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing  in accordance with the provisions of article 3B(G)(iii) or the provisions of article 3B(G)(iv) pursuant to the authority given by the passing of the resolution to create the C Shares. (iii) If the aggregate nominal value of the C Shares is lower than the aggregate nominal value of the ordinary shares into which the C Shares will convert on the C Share Conversion Date  the directors may effect conversion by: (a) capitalising an amount of share premium account equal to the difference between the aggregate nominal value of the C Shares and the aggregate nominal value of the ordinary shares into which those C Shares are to convert (the '' C Share Shortfall Amount '')  and applying such amount in allotting to the holders of the C Shares (in proportion to their holdings of C Shares) and paying up in full a number of undesignated shares (with such par value as the directors may determine) having an aggregate nominal value equal to the C Share Shortfall Amount; and (b) in respect of each holder or joint holders consolidating the C Shares and the undesignated shares allotted pursuant to (a) above into one share and sub-dividing and redesignating such share into: (x) the number of ordinary shares to which that holder is entitled on conversion; and (y) a number of Deferred C Shares of nominal value equal to the highest amount that will not result in any holder or holders being entitled to a fraction of such a Deferred C Share  such Deferred C Shares having an aggregate nominal value equal to the sum of the aggregate nominal value of the C Shares held by the relevant holder or holders less the aggregate nominal value of the ordinary shares referred to in (x) above  and otherwise having the rights and being subject to the restrictions set out in article 3B(I). (iv) If the aggregate nominal value of the C Shares is lower than the aggregate nominal value of the ordinary shares into which the C Shares will convert on the C Share Conversion Date and if the company does not have sufficient reserves available to effect conversion in the manner described in article 3B(G)(iii)  the directors may effect conversion by consolidating into one share all the C Shares held by any holder or joint holders at the C Share Conversion Date and sub-dividing such share into the appropriate number of ordinary shares and such ordinary shares  notwithstanding that they may have a different nominal amount from the other ordinary shares then in issue  shall form a uniform class with the other ordinary shares then in issue and shall  subject to article 3B(G)(v) but notwithstanding any other contrary provision herein  for all purposes and in all respects (including  without limitation  entitlement to dividends or other distributions  participation in offers  voting rights  and rights on a liquidation or return of capital) rank pari passu with the other ordinary shares then in issue  for which purposes the nominal amount of each ordinary share arising on such consolidation and sub-division shall be deemed to be the same as the nominal amount per ordinary share then in issue. (v) Any ordinary shares arising on conversion of the C Shares shall rank pari passu with the ordinary shares already in issue at the date of conversion in all respects save that such ordinary shares shall not be entitled to any dividend or other distribution declared  paid or made by reference to a record date prior to the C Share Conversion Date. (vi) If the company exercises its rights of conversion  the period commencing on the C Share Payment Date preceding the C Share Conversion Date and ending on such C Share Conversion Date is called the ''Final C ShareCalculation Period'' and the C Share Continuing Dividend in respect of such period shall be payable in arrear on the final Business Day of such period (the ''Final C SharePayment Date''). In respect of the Final C Share Calculation Period (if any)  the amount of the C Share Continuing Dividend shall be the relevant proportion of the C Share Continuing Dividend which would have been payable if conversion had taken effect on the last day of the then current C Share Calculation Period  the relevant proportion being the number of days from and including the last C Share Payment Date to  but excluding  the Final C Share Payment Date  divided by 365. The aggregate amount of the C Share Continuing Dividend payable to each holder of C Shares shall be rounded down to the nearest 1/10 penny. (H) Deletion of Article 3B(A) to (H) when no C Shares in existence Article 3B(A) to (H) shall remain in force until there are no longer any C Shares in existence whether by way of conversion into Deferred C Shares  purchase and cancellation or conversion into ordinary shares  whichever is earlier  notwithstanding any provision in the articles to the contrary. Thereafter article 3B(A) to (H) shall be and shall be deemed to be of no effect (save to the extent that the provisions of article 3B(A) to (H) are referred to in other articles) and shall be deleted and replaced with the wording ''Article 3B(A) to (H) has been deleted''  and the separate register for the holders of C Shares shall no longer be required to be maintained by the company; but the validity of anything done under article 3B(A) to (H) before that date shall not otherwise be affected and any actions taken under article 3B(A) to (H) before that date shall be conclusive and shall not be open to challenge on any grounds whatsoever. (I) Deferred C Shares (i) Income The Deferred C Shares shall confer no right to participate in the profits of the company. (ii) Capital On a return of capital on a winding-up (excluding any intra-group re-organisation on a solvent basis) there shall be paid to the holders of the Deferred C Shares the nominal capital paid up or credited as paid up on such Deferred C Shares after: (a) first  paying to the holders of the B Shares 155 pence per B Share held by them together with any outstanding entitlement to the B Share Continuing Dividend up to the Payment Date last preceding the return of capital and to the holders of the C Shares 159 pence per C Share held by them together with any outstanding entitlement to the C Share Continuing Dividend up to the C Share Payment Date last preceding the return of capital; (b) secondly  paying to the ordinary shareholders the nominal capital paid up or credited as paid up on the ordinary shares held by them respectively  together with the sum of £100 000 000 on each ordinary share; and (c) thirdly  paying any amount required to be paid to the holders of the Deferred Shares. The holders of the Deferred C Shares shall not be entitled to any further right of participation in the assets of the company. (iii) Attendance and Voting at General Meetings The holders of the Deferred C Shares shall not be entitled to receive notice of any general meeting of the company or to attend  speak or vote at any such meeting. (iv) Form The Deferred C Shares shall not be listed on any stock exchange nor shall any share certificates be issued in respect of such shares. The Deferred C Shares shall not be transferable except in accordance with article 3B(I)(vi) below or with the written consent of the directors. (v) Class Rights The company may from time to time create  allot and issue further shares  whether ranking pari passu with or in priority to the Deferred C Shares  and on such creation  allotment or issue any such further shares (whether or not ranking in any respect in priority to the Deferred C Shares) shall be treated as being in accordance with the rights attaching to the Deferred C Shares and shall not involve a variation of such rights for any purpose or require the consent of the holders of the Deferred C Shares. The reduction by the company of the capital paid up on the Deferred C Shares shall be in accordance with the rights attaching to the Deferred C Shares and shall not involve a variation of such rights for any purpose and the company shall be authorised at any time to reduce its capital (subject to the confirmation of the Court in accordance with the legislation) without obtaining the consent of the holders of the Deferred C Shares. (vi) Transfer and Purchase The company may at any time (and from time to time) (subject to the provisions of the legislation)  without obtaining the sanction of the holder or holders of the Deferred C Shares: (a) appoint any person to execute on behalf of any holder of Deferred C Shares a transfer of all of the Deferred C Shares or any part thereof (and/or an agreement to transfer the same) to the company or to such person as the directors may determine (whether or not an officer of the company)  in any case for not more than 1 penny for all the Deferred C Shares then being purchased from him; and (b) cancel all or any of the Deferred C Shares so purchased by the company in accordance with the legislation. (J) Deletion of Article 3B(I) to (J) when no Deferred C Shares in existence Article 3B(I) to (J) shall remain in force until there are no longer any Deferred C Shares in existence  notwithstanding any provision in the articles to the contrary. Thereafter article 3B(I) to (J) shall be and shall be deemed to be of no effect (save to the extent that the provisions of article 3B(I) to (J) are referred to in other articles) and shall be deleted and replaced with the wording ''Article 3B(I) to (J) has been deleted''  and the separate register for the holders of Deferred C Shares shall no longer be required to be maintained by the company; but the validity of anything done under article 3B(I) to (J) before that date shall not otherwise be affected and any actions taken under article 3B(I) to (J) before that date shall be conclusive and shall not be open to challenge on any grounds whatsoever. 4. Change of Name The company may change its name by resolution of the directors. 5. Rights Attached to Shares The company can issue shares with any rights or restrictions attached to them as long as this is not restricted by any rights attached to existing shares. These rights or restrictions can be decided either by an ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders or by the directors as long as there is no conflict with any resolution passed by the shareholders. These rights and restrictions will apply to the relevant shares as if they were set out in these articles. 6. Redeemable Shares Subject to any rights attached to existing shares  the company can issue shares which can be redeemed. This can include shares which can be redeemed if the holders want to do so  as well as shares which the company can insist on redeeming. The directors can decide on the terms and conditions and the manner of redemption of any redeemable share. These terms and conditions will apply to the relevant shares as if they were set out in these articles. 7. Variation of Rights If the legislation allows this  the rights attached to any class of shares can be changed in a way provided by those rights or if no such provision is made  if the change is approved either in writing by shareholders holding at least three quarters of the issued shares of that class by amount (excluding any shares of that class held as treasury shares) or by a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the relevant class of shares. This is called a ""class meeting"". All the articles relating to general meetings will apply to any such class meeting  with any necessary changes. The following changes will also apply:- (i) a quorum will be present if at least two shareholders who are entitled to vote are present in person or by proxy who own at least one third in amount of the issued shares of the class (excluding any shares of that class held as treasury shares); (ii) any shareholder who is present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote can demand a poll; and (iii) at an adjourned meeting  one person entitled to vote and who holds shares of the class  or a proxy for such person  will be a quorum. The provisions of this article will apply to any change of rights of shares forming part of a class. Each part of the class which is being treated differently is treated as a separate class in applying this article. 8. Matters not constituting Variation of Rights If new shares are created or issued which rank equally with  or subsequent to  any other shares  or if the company purchases or redeems any of its own shares or returns capital on any class of shares of the company  the rights of the other shares will not be regarded as changed or abrogated unless the terms of those shares expressly say otherwise. 9. Shares The directors can decide how to deal with any shares in the company. They can  for instance  offer the shares for sale  reclassify them  grant options to acquire them  allot them or dispose of the shares in any other way. The directors are free to decide who they deal with  when they deal with the shares and the terms on which they deal with the shares. However  in making their decision they must take account of: (i) the provisions of the legislation relating to authority  pre-emption rights and other matters; (ii) the provisions of these articles; (iii) any resolution passed by the shareholders; and (iv) any rights attached to existing shares. 10. Payment of Commission In connection with any share issue or any sale of treasury shares for cash  the company can use all the powers given by the legislation to pay commission or brokerage. The company can pay the commission in cash or by allotting fully or partly-paid shares or other securities or by a combination of both. 11. Trusts Not Recognised The company will only be affected by  or recognise  a current and absolute right to whole shares. The fact that any share  or any part of a share  may not be owned outright by the registered owner (for example  where a share is held by one person as a nominee or otherwise as a trustee for another person) is not of any concern to the company. This applies even if the company knows about the ownership of the share. The only exceptions to this are where the rights of the kind described are expressly given by these articles or are of a kind which the company has a legal duty to recognise. 12. Suspension of Rights Where Non-Disclosure of Interest (A) The company can under the legislation send out notices to those it knows or has reasonable cause to believe have an interest in its shares. In the notice  the company will ask for details of those who have an interest and the extent of their interest in a particular holding of shares. In these articles this notice is referred to as a ""statutory notice"" and the holding of shares is referred to as the ""identified shares"". (B) When a person receives a statutory notice  that person has 14 days to comply with it. If the person does not do so or if the person makes a statement in response to the notice which is false or inadequate in some important way  the company can decide to restrict the rights relating to the identified shares and send out a further notice to the holder  known as a restriction notice. The restriction notice will take effect when it is delivered. The restriction notice will state that the identified shares no longer give the shareholder any right to attend or vote either personally or by proxy at a shareholders' meeting or to exercise any other right in relation to shareholders' meetings. (C) Where the identified shares make up 0.25 per cent. or more (in amount or in number) of the existing shares of a class (calculated exclusive of any shares of that class held as treasury shares) at the date of delivery of the restriction notice  the restriction notice can also contain the following further restrictions:- (i) the directors can withhold any dividend or part of a dividend (including scrip dividend) or other money which would otherwise be payable in respect of the identified shares without any liability to pay interest when such money is finally paid to the shareholder; and (ii) the directors can refuse to register a transfer of any of the identified shares which are certificated shares unless the directors are satisfied that they have been sold outright to an independent third party. The independent third party must not be connected with the shareholder or with any person appearing to be interested in the shares. Any sale through a recognised investment exchange or any other stock exchange outside the United Kingdom or by way of acceptance of a takeover offer will be treated as an outright sale to an independent third party. For this purpose  any associate (as that term is defined in section 435 of the Insolvency Act 1986) is included in the class of persons who are connected with the shareholder or any person appearing to be interested in the shares. In order to enforce the restriction in this sub-paragraph  the directors can give notice to the relevant shareholder requiring the shareholder to change identified shares which are CREST shares to certificated shares by the time given in the notice and to keep them in certificated form for as long as the directors require. The notice can also say that the relevant shareholder may not change any identified shares which are certificated shares to CREST shares. If the shareholder does not comply with the notice  the directors can authorise any person to instruct the Operator to change any identified shares which are CREST shares to certificated shares in the name and on behalf of the relevant shareholder. (D) Once a restriction notice has been given  the directors are free to cancel it or exclude any shares from it at any time they think fit. In addition  they must cancel the restriction notice within seven days of being satisfied that all information requested in the statutory notice has been given. Also  where any of the identified shares are sold and the directors are satisfied that they were sold outright to an independent third party  they must cancel the restriction notice within seven days of receipt of notification of the sale. If a restriction notice is cancelled or ceases to have effect in relation to any shares  any moneys relating to those shares which were withheld will be paid to the person who would have been entitled to them or as that person directs. (E) The restriction notice will apply to any further shares issued in right of the identified shares. The directors can also make the restrictions in the restriction notice apply to any right to an allotment of further shares associated with the identified shares. (F) If a shareholder receives a restriction notice  the shareholder can ask the company for a written explanation of why the notice was given  or why it has not been cancelled. The company must respond within 14 days of receiving the request. (G) If the company gives a statutory notice to a person it has reasonable cause to believe has an interest in any of its shares  it will also give a copy at the same time to the person who holds the shares. If the company does not do so or the holder does not receive the copy  this will not invalidate the statutory notice. (H) This article does not restrict in any way the provisions of the legislation which apply to failures to comply with notices under the legislation. 13. Uncertificated Shares (A) Under the uncertificated securities rules  the directors can allow the ownership of shares to be evidenced without share certificates and for these shares to be transferred through CREST. The directors can select and make arrangements for any class of shares to participate in CREST in this way  provided that the shares of the class are identical in all respects. As long as the directors comply with the uncertificated securities rules  they can also withdraw a class of shares from being transferred through CREST and from allowing ownership of them to be evidenced without share certificates. CREST shares do not form a class of shares separate from certificated shares with the same rights. (B) If the company has any shares in issue which are CREST shares  these articles apply to those shares  but only as far as they are consistent with:- (i) holding shares in an uncertificated form; (ii) transferring shares through CREST; (iii) any provision of the uncertificated securities rules; or (iv) the company exercising any of its powers or functions or doing anything through CREST  and  without affecting the general nature of this article  no provision of these articles applies so far as it is inconsistent with the maintenance  keeping or entering up by the Operator  so long as that is permitted or required by the uncertificated securities rules  of an Operator register of securities in respect of CREST shares. (C) CREST shares can be changed to become certificated shares and certificated shares can be changed to become CREST shares  provided the requirements of the uncertificated securities rules are met. (D) If under these articles or the legislation the company can sell  transfer or otherwise dispose of  forfeit  re-allot  accept the surrender of or otherwise enforce a lien over a CREST share  then  subject to these articles and the legislation  the directors may: (i) require the holder of that CREST share by written notice to change that CREST share to a certificated share within a period specified in the notice and to keep it as a certificated share for as long as the directors require; (ii) appoint any person to take any other steps  by instruction given through CREST or otherwise  in the name of the holder of that share as may be necessary to effect the transfer of that share and these steps will be as effective as if they had been taken by the registered holder of that share; and (iii) take any other action that the directors consider appropriate to achieve the sale  transfer  disposal  forfeiture  re-allotment or surrender of that share or otherwise to enforce a lien in respect of that share. (E) Unless the directors decide otherwise  CREST shares held by a shareholder will be treated as separate holdings from any certificated shares which that shareholder holds. (F) Unless the uncertificated securities rules otherwise require or the directors otherwise determine  shares which are issued or created from or in respect of CREST shares will be CREST shares and shares which are issued or created from or in respect of certificated shares will be certificated shares. (G) The company can assume that entries on any record of securities kept by it as required by the uncertificated securities rules and regularly reconciled with the relevant Operator register of securities are a complete and accurate reproduction of the particulars entered in the Operator register of securities and therefore will not be liable in respect of anything done or not done by or on its behalf in reliance on such assumption; in particular  any provision of these articles which requires or envisages action to be taken in reliance on information contained in the register allows that action to be taken in reliance on information contained in any relevant record of securities (as so maintained and reconciled). 14. Right to Share Certificates (A) When a shareholder is first registered as the holder of any class of certificated shares  the shareholder is entitled  free of charge  to one certificate for all of the certificated shares of that class which they hold. If a shareholder holds certificated shares of more than one class  the shareholder is entitled to a separate share certificate for each class. This does not apply if the legislation allows the company not to issue share certificates. (B) If a shareholder receives more certificated shares of any class  the shareholder is entitled  without charge  to a certificate for the extra shares. (C) If a shareholder transfers some of the shares represented by a share certificate  the shareholder is entitled  free of charge  to a new certificate for the balance to the extent the balance is to be held in certificated form. (D) Where a certificated share is held jointly  the company does not have to issue more than one certificate for that share. When the company delivers a share certificate to one joint shareholder  this is treated as delivery to all of the joint shareholders. (E) The time limit for the company to provide a share certificate under this article is as prescribed by the legislation or  if this is earlier  within any prescribed time limit or within a time specified when the shares were issued. 15. Replacement of Share Certificates (A) If a shareholder has two or more share certificates for shares of the same class  the shareholder can ask the company for these to be cancelled and replaced by a single new certificate. The company must comply with this request. (B) A shareholder can ask the company to cancel and replace a single share certificate with two or more certificates for the same total number of shares. The company may comply with this request. (C) A shareholder can ask the company for a new certificate if the original is:- (i) damaged or defaced; or (ii) said to be lost  stolen or destroyed. (D) If a certificate has been damaged or defaced  the company can require the certificate to be returned to it before issuing a replacement. If a certificate is said to be lost  stolen or destroyed  the company can require satisfactory evidence of this and insist on receiving an indemnity before issuing a replacement. (E) The directors can require the shareholder to pay the company's exceptional out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the issue of any certificates under this article. (F) Any one joint shareholder can request replacement certificates under this article. 16. Execution of Share Certificates Share certificates must be sealed or made effective in such other way as the directors decide  having regard to the terms of issue and any listing requirements. The directors can resolve that signatures on any share certificates can be applied to the certificates by mechanical or other means or can be printed on them or that signatures are not required. A share certificate must state the number and class of shares to which it relates and the amount paid up on those shares. 17. Share Certificates Sent at Holder's Risk Every share certificate will be sent at the risk of the member or other person entitled to the certificate. The company will not be responsible for any share certificate which is lost or delayed in the course of delivery. 18. Company's Lien on Shares Not Fully Paid The company has a lien on all partly paid shares. This lien has priority over claims of others to the shares. The lien is for any money owed to the company for the shares. The directors can decide to give up any lien which has arisen and can also decide to suspend any lien which would otherwise apply to particular shares. 19. Enforcing Lien by Sale If a shareholder fails to pay the company any amount due on the shareholder's partly paid shares  the directors can enforce the company's lien by selling all or any of them in any way they decide. The directors cannot  however  sell the shares until all the following conditions are met:- (i) the money owed by the shareholder must be payable immediately; (ii) the directors must have given notice to the shareholder. The notice must state the amount of money due  it must demand payment of this sum and state that the shareholders' shares may be sold if the money is not paid; (iii) the notice must have been served on the shareholder or on any person who is entitled to the shares by law and can be served in any way that the directors decide; and (iv) the money has not been paid by at least 14 clear days after the notice has been served. The directors can authorise any person to sign a document transferring the shares. Any such transferee will not be bound to ensure that the purchase moneys for such shares are transferred to the person whose shares have been sold  nor will any such transferee's ownership of the shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in relation to the sale to them. 20. Application of Proceeds of Sale If the directors sell any shares on which the company has a lien  the proceeds will first be used to pay the company's expenses associated with the sale. The remaining money will be used to pay off the amount which is then payable on the shares and any balance will be passed to the former shareholder or to any person who would otherwise be entitled to the shares by law. But the company's lien will also apply to any such balance to cover any money still due to the company in respect of the shares which is not immediately payable. The company has the same rights over the money as it had over the shares immediately before they were sold. The company need not pay over anything until the certificate representing the shares sold has been delivered to the company for cancellation. 21. Calls The directors can call on shareholders to pay any money which has not yet been paid to the company for their shares. This includes the nominal value of the shares and any premium which may be payable on those shares. The directors can also make calls on people who are entitled to shares by law. If the terms of issue of the shares allow this  the directors can do any one or more of the following:- (i) make calls at any time and as often as they think fit; (ii) decide when and where the money is to be paid; (iii) decide that the money may be paid by instalments; (iv) revoke or postpone any call. A shareholder who has received at least 14 clear days' notice giving details of the amount called and of the time and place for payment  must pay the call as required by the notice. A person remains liable jointly and severally with the successors in title to the shares held by that person to pay calls even after that person has transferred the shares to which they relate. 22. Timing of Calls A call is treated as having been made as soon as the directors have passed a resolution authorising it. 23. Liability of Joint Holders Joint shareholders are jointly and severally liable to pay any calls in respect of their shares. This means that any of them can be sued for all the money due on the shares or they can be sued together. 24. Interest Due on Non-Payment Where a call is made and the money due remains unpaid  the shareholder will be liable to pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it is due until it has actually been paid. The directors will decide on the annual rate of interest  which must not exceed the Bank of England Bank Rate by more than five per cent. The shareholder will also be liable to pay all expenses incurred by the company as a result of the non-payment of the call. The directors can decide to forego payment of any or all of such interest or expenses. 25. Sums Due on Allotment Treated as Calls If the terms of a share require any money to be paid at the time of allotment  or at any other fixed date  the money due will be treated in the same way as a valid call for money on shares which is due on the same date. If this money is not paid  everything in these articles relating to nonpayment of calls applies. This includes articles which allow the company to forfeit or sell shares and to claim interest. 26. Power to Differentiate On or before an issue of shares  the directors can decide that shareholders can be called on to pay different amounts or that they can be called on at different times. 27. Payment of Calls in Advance The directors can accept payment in advance of some or all of the money from a shareholder before the shareholder is called on to pay that money. The directors can agree to pay interest on money paid in advance until it would otherwise be due to the company. The rate of interest will be decided by the directors  but must not exceed the Bank of England Bank Rate by more than five per cent. unless the company passes an ordinary resolution to allow a higher rate. 28. Notice if Call or Instalment Not Paid If a shareholder fails to pay the whole or any part of a call or an instalment of a call when due  the directors can send the shareholder a notice requiring payment of the unpaid amount  together with any interest accrued and any expenses incurred by the company as a result of the failure to pay. 29. Form of Notice This notice must:- (i) demand payment of the amount immediately payable  plus any interest and expenses; (ii) give the date by when the total amount due must be paid. This must be at least 14 clear days after the date of the notice; (iii) say where the payment must be made; and (iv) say that if the full amount demanded is not paid by the time and at the place stated  the company can forfeit the shares on which the call or instalment is outstanding. 30. Forfeiture for Non-Compliance with Notice If the notice is not complied with  the shares it relates to can be forfeited at any time while any amount is still outstanding. This is done by the directors passing a resolution stating that the shares have been forfeited. The forfeiture will extend to all dividends and other sums payable in respect of the forfeited shares which have not been paid before the forfeiture. The directors can accept the surrender of any share which would otherwise be forfeited. Where they do so  references in these articles to forfeiture include surrender. 31. Notice after Forfeiture After a share has been forfeited  the company will notify the person whose share has been forfeited. However  the share will still be forfeited even if such notice is not given. 32. Sale of Forfeited Shares (A) A forfeited share becomes the property of the company and the directors can sell or dispose of it on any terms and in any way that they decide. This can be with  or without  a credit for any amount previously paid up for the share. It can be sold or disposed of to any person  including the previous shareholder or the person who was previously entitled to the share by law. The directors can  if necessary  authorise any person to transfer a forfeited share. (B) After a share has been forfeited  the directors can cancel the forfeiture  but only before the share has been sold or disposed of. This cancellation of forfeiture can be on any terms the directors decide. 33. Arrears to be Paid Notwithstanding Forfeiture When a person's shares have been forfeited  the person will lose all rights as shareholder in respect of those forfeited shares. The shareholder must return any share certificate for the forfeited shares to the company for cancellation. However  the shareholder will remain liable to pay calls which have been made  but not paid  before the shares were forfeited. The shareholder also continues to be liable for all claims and demands which the company could have made relating to the forfeited share. The shareholder must pay interest on any unpaid amount until it is paid. The directors can fix the rate of interest  but it must not exceed the Bank of England Bank Rate by more than five per cent. The shareholder is not entitled to any credit for the value of the share when it was forfeited or for any consideration received on its disposal unless the directors decide to allow credit for all or any of that value. 34. Statutory Declaration as to Forfeiture (A) A director or the secretary can make a statutory declaration declaring:- (i) that they are a director or the secretary of the company; (ii) that a share has been properly forfeited under the articles; and (iii) when the share was forfeited. The declaration will be evidence of these facts which cannot be disputed. (B) If such a declaration is delivered to a new holder of a share along with a completed transfer form (if one is required)  this gives the buyer good title. The new shareholder does not need to take any steps to see how any money paid for the share is used. The new shareholder's ownership of the share will not be affected if the steps taken to forfeit  sell or dispose of the share were invalid or irregular  or if anything that should have been done was not done. 35. Transfer (A) Certificated shares Unless these articles say otherwise  any shareholder can transfer some or all of their certificated shares to another person. A transfer of certificated shares must be made in writing and either in the usual standard form or in any other form approved by the directors. (B) CREST shares Unless these articles say otherwise  any shareholder can transfer some or all of their CREST shares to another person. A transfer of CREST shares must be made through CREST and must comply with the uncertificated securities rules. (C) Entry on register The person making a transfer will continue to be treated as a shareholder until the name of the person to whom the share is being transferred is put on the register for that share. 36. Signing of Transfer (A) A share transfer form for certificated shares must be signed or made effective in some other way by  or on behalf of  the person making the transfer. (B) In the case of a transfer of a certificated share  where the share is not fully paid  the share transfer form must also be signed or made effective in some other way by  or on behalf of  the person to whom the share is being transferred. (C) If the company registers a transfer of a certificated share  it can keep the transfer form. 37. Rights to Decline Registration of Partly Paid Shares The directors can refuse to register the transfer of any shares which are not fully paid. 38. Other Rights to Decline Registration (A) Certificated shares (i) A share transfer form cannot be used to transfer more than one class of shares. Each class needs a separate form. (ii) Transfers cannot be in favour of more than four joint holders. (iii) The share transfer form must be properly stamped to show payment of any applicable stamp duty or certified or otherwise shown to the satisfaction of the directors to be exempt from stamp duty and must be delivered to the office  or any other place decided on by the directors. The transfer form must be accompanied by the share certificate relating to the shares being transferred  unless the transfer is being made by a person to whom the company was not required to  and did not send  a certificate. The directors can also ask (acting reasonably) for any other evidence to show that the person wishing to transfer the share is entitled to do so and  if the share transfer form is signed by another person on behalf of the person making the transfer  evidence of the authority of that person to do so. (B) CREST shares (i) Registration of a transfer of CREST shares can be refused in the circumstances set out in the uncertificated securities rules. (ii) Transfers cannot be in favour of more than four joint holders. (C) Renunciations Where a share has not yet been entered on the register  the directors can recognise a renunciation by that person of their right to the share in favour of some other person. Such renunciation will be treated as a transfer and the directors have the same powers of refusing to give effect to such a renunciation as if it were a transfer. 39. No Fee for Registration No fee is payable to the company for transferring shares or registering changes relating to the ownership of shares. 40. Untraced Shareholders (A) The company can sell any certificated shares at the best price reasonably obtainable at the time of the sale if:- (i) for a 12-year period  (a) the shares have been in issue either as certificated shares or as CREST shares  (b) at least three cash dividends have become payable on the shares  and (c) no dividend has been cashed during that period or otherwise satisfied by the transfer of funds to a bank account or through CREST; (ii) after the 12-year period  the company has sent a notice to the last known address the company has for the relevant shareholder or to the address at which the company can give notices under these articles  stating that it intends to sell the shares. Before sending such notice  the company must have used such efforts as it considers reasonable to trace the relevant shareholder or person entitled to the shares by law; and (iii) during the 12-year period and for three months after sending the notice referred to in (ii) above  the company has not heard from the relevant shareholder or any person entitled to the shares by law. (B) The company can also sell at the best price reasonably obtainable at the time of the sale any additional certificated shares in the company issued either as certificated shares or as CREST shares in right of any share to which paragraph (A) applies (or in right of any share so issued)  if the criteria in paragraph (A)(ii) and (iii) are satisfied in relation to the additional shares  but as if the words ""after the 12-year period"" were omitted from paragraph (A)(ii) and the words ""during the 12-year period and"" were omitted from paragraph (A)(iii)  and no dividend has been cashed on these shares or otherwise satisfied by the transfer of funds to a bank account or through CREST. (C) To sell any shares in this way  the directors can appoint anyone to transfer the shares. This transfer will be just as effective as if it had been signed by the holder  or by a person who is entitled to the shares by law. Any persons to whom the shares are transferred will not be bound to concern themselves as to what is done with the purchase moneys nor will their ownership be affected even if the sale is irregular or invalid in any way. (D) The proceeds of sale will be forfeited by the relevant shareholder who could not be traced  or the person who is entitled to that shareholder's shares by law  and will belong to the company. The company will not be liable in any respect  and will not be required to account  for any part of the proceeds to the former shareholder  any person who was entitled to such shareholder's shares by law  or any other person previously entitled to the shares in question. (E) If the company sells shares under this article  any dividend or other sum that has not been cashed or claimed in respect of those shares and that has not already been forfeited under these articles shall be forfeited and shall revert to the company when the shares are sold. The company can use those dividends or other sums for the company's benefit. 41. Transmission on Death (A) When a sole shareholder or a shareholder who is the last survivor of joint shareholders dies  that shareholder's personal representatives will be the only people who will be recognised as being entitled to that shareholder's shares. (B) If a joint shareholder dies  the surviving joint shareholder or shareholders will be the only people who will be recognised as being entitled to that shareholder's shares. (C) However  this article does not discharge the estate of any shareholder from any liability. 42. Entry of Transmission in Register A person who becomes entitled to a share as a result of the death or bankruptcy of a shareholder or some other event which gives rise to the transmission of the share by operation of law must provide any evidence of such entitlement which is reasonably required. In the case of certificated shares  the directors must note this entitlement in the register within two months of receiving such evidence. 43. Election of Person Entitled by Transmission (A) Subject to these articles  a person who becomes entitled to a share by law can either be registered as the shareholder or choose another person to become the shareholder. (B) If a person who is entitled to a certificated share by law wants to be registered as a shareholder  that person must deliver or send a notice to the company saying that they have made this decision. This notice will be treated as a transfer form. All the provisions of these articles about registering transfers of certificated shares apply to it. The directors have the same power to refuse to register a person entitled to certificated shares by law as they would have had to refuse to register a transfer by the person who was previously entitled to the shares. (C) If a person entitled to a CREST share by law wants to be registered as a shareholder  that person must do so in accordance with the uncertificated securities rules. All the provisions of these articles about registering transfers of CREST shares will apply and the same power to refuse to register a person entitled to a CREST share by law will apply as would have applied to refuse to register a transfer by the person who was previously entitled to the shares. (D) If a person who is entitled to a certificated share by law wants the share to be transferred to another person  that person must do this by signing a transfer form to the person they have selected. The directors have the same power to refuse to register the person selected as they would have had to refuse to register a transfer by the person who was previously entitled to the shares. (E) If a person who is entitled to a CREST share by law wants the share to be transferred to another person  that person must do this using CREST. The same power to refuse to register the person selected will apply as would have applied to refuse to register a transfer by the person who was previously entitled to the shares. (F) The directors can give notice requiring the person entitled to a share by law to elect either to be registered as the shareholder or to transfer the share to another person. If the notice is not complied with within 60 days of being issued the directors can withhold payment of all dividends and other sums payable in respect of the share until the requirements have been complied with. Any such withholding by the directors shall not make the company a trustee in respect of those dividends or sums. 44. Rights of Person Entitled by Transmission (A) Where a person becomes entitled to a share by law  the rights of the registered shareholder in relation to that share will cease to have effect. (B) A person who is entitled to a share by law is entitled to any dividends or other money relating to the share  even though the person is not registered as the holder of the share  on supplying evidence reasonably required to show the person's title to the share. However  the directors can send written notice to the person saying the person must either be registered as the holder of the share or transfer the share to some other person. If the person entitled to a share by law does not do this within 60 days of the notice  the directors can withhold all dividends or other money relating to the share until the person does. (C) Unless such person is registered as the holder of the share  the person entitled to a share by law is not entitled to:- (i) receive notices of shareholders' meetings or attend or vote at these meetings; or (ii) exercise any of the other rights of a shareholder in relation to these meetings  unless the directors decide to allow this. 45. Sub-division Any resolution authorising the company to sub-divide any of its shares can provide that  as between the holders of the divided shares  different rights (including deferred rights) and restrictions of a kind which the company can apply to new shares can apply to different divided shares. 46. Fractions If any shares are consolidated  consolidated and then divided or divided  the directors have power to deal with any fractions of shares which result. For example  they can decide that fractions are aggregated and sold or deal with fractions in some other way. The directors can arrange for any shares representing fractions to be entered in the register as certificated shares if they consider that this makes it easier to sell them. The directors can sell those shares to anyone  including the company  and can authorise any person to transfer or deliver the shares to the buyer or in accordance with the buyer's instructions. The buyer does not have to take any steps to see how any purchase moneys are used and the buyer's ownership will not be affected if the sale is irregular or invalid in any way. 47. Participation in General Meetings (A) The directors can make whatever arrangements they think fit to allow those entitled to do so to attend and participate in any general meeting. (B) Unless the notice of meeting says otherwise or the chair of the meeting decides otherwise  a general meeting will be treated as taking place where the chair of the meeting is at the time of the meeting. (C) Two or more persons who may not be in the same place as each other attend and participate in a general meeting if they are able to exercise their rights to speak and vote at that meeting. A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting if that person can communicate to all those attending the meeting while the meeting is taking place. A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting if that person can vote on resolutions put to the meeting (or  in relation to a poll  can vote within the required time frame) and that person's vote can be taken into account in deciding whether or not such resolutions are passed at the same time as the votes of others attending the meeting. (D) When deciding whether a person is attending or participating in a meeting by means of an electronic facility  it is immaterial where that person is or how that person is able to communicate with others who are attending and participating. (E) Where shareholders can participate at a general meeting by means of an electronic facility  any document required to be on display or available for inspection will be made available for the required period in electronic form to those persons entitled to inspect it and this will satisfy any such requirement. 48. Electronic Facilities and Satellite Meetings (A) The directors can decide to let persons entitled to attend and participate in a general meeting do so by simultaneous attendance and participation by means of an electronic facility. Shareholders present in person or by proxy by means of such electronic facility will be counted in the quorum for  and entitled to participate in  the general meeting. (B) The directors can also decide to let persons entitled to attend and participate in a general meeting do so by simultaneous attendance and participation at a satellite meeting place anywhere in the world (referred to in these articles as a satellite meeting). Shareholders present in person or by proxy at satellite meeting places shall be counted in the quorum for  and entitled to participate in  the general meeting. The satellite meeting will be treated as taking place where the chair of the meeting is at the time of the meeting and the powers of the chair will apply to the satellite meeting. The directors can appoint a person (a satellite chair) to preside at each satellite meeting. Each satellite chair will act on instructions from the chair of the meeting and can also take such action as the satellite chair considers necessary to maintain the proper and orderly conduct of the satellite meeting and shall have all powers necessary or desirable for such purposes. Any general meeting at which electronic facilities have been made available and any satellite meeting will be duly constituted and its proceedings valid if the chair is satisfied that adequate facilities have been made available to enable all members attending the meeting by whatever means and at all the meeting places to participate in the business for which the meeting has been called. All persons seeking to attend and participate in a general meeting by way of electronic facility are responsible for having in place the necessary means to enable them to do so. Subject to the right of the chair to adjourn a general meeting under these articles  any inability of a person to attend or participate in a general meeting by means of electronic facility  or any interruption to a person being so able  shall not invalidate the proceedings of that meeting. (C) Nothing in these articles authorises or allows a general meeting to be held exclusively on an electronic basis. 49. Omission or Non-Receipt of Notice (A) If any notice  document or other information relating to any meeting or other proceeding is accidentally not sent or supplied  or is not received (even if the company becomes aware of such failure to send or supply or non-receipt)  the meeting or other proceeding will not be invalid as a result. (B) A shareholder present in person or by proxy at a shareholders' meeting is treated as having received proper notice of that meeting and  where necessary  of the purpose of that meeting. 50. Changes to Arrangements for General Meetings If the directors in their discretion consider that it is impracticable or undesirable to hold a general meeting  whether generally or on the date or at the time or place",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Whitbread', 'Article', 'Association', 'News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds', 'May One Bunhill Row London EC1Y', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Overweight Rating MT', 'De La Rue', 'Summary Quotes Charts', 'THE COMPANIES ACT', ""Directors' Shareholding Qualification"", 'Separate General Meetings', 'Deferred C Shares', 'General Powers', 'Deferred Shares', 'Whitbread PT', 'Exane cuts', 'ETFs Whitbread', 'WHITBREAD PLC', 'Joint Holders', 'Untraced Shareholders', 'Electronic Facilities', 'Access Arrangements', 'Orderly Conduct', 'Other Business', 'Incapable Member', 'Annual Retirement', 'Additional Remuneration', 'Borrowing Powers', 'Record Date', 'Strategic Reports', 'Satellite Meetings', '5-day change', 'Jan Change', 'B Shares', 'Redeemable Shares', 'Uncertificated Shares', 'Forfeited Shares', 'Model Articles', 'Limited Liability', 'Share Certificates', 'Statutory Declaration', 'Maximum Validity', 'Filling Vacancies', 'Special Resolution', 'Retiring Directors', 'Alternate Directors', 'Executive Directors', ""Directors' Fees"", ""Directors' Interests"", 'Individual Directors', 'Fixed Dividends', 'Uncashed Dividends', 'Unclaimed Dividends', 'Scrip Dividends', ""Directors' Meetings"", 'Other Rights', 'Payment Procedure', 'EDT', '1st', 'Jun.', 'Barclays', 'Ashtead', 'Investec', 'Association', 'No.', 'CONTENTS', 'Exclusion', 'Definitions', 'Name', 'Variation', 'Matters', 'Commission', 'Trusts', 'Suspension', 'Disclosure', 'Replacement', 'Execution', 'Risk', 'Lien', 'Sale', 'Application', 'Proceeds', 'Calls', 'Timing', 'Non-Payment', 'Sums', 'Allotment', 'Advance', 'Notice', 'Instalment', 'Form', 'Forfeiture', 'Non-Compliance', 'Arrears', 'Transfer', 'Signing', 'Registration', 'Partly', 'Transmission', 'Death', 'Register', 'Election', 'Person', 'Sub-division', 'Fractions', 'Participation', 'Omission', 'Non-Receipt', 'Changes', 'Quorum', 'Security', 'Health', 'Safety', 'Chair', 'Entitlement', 'Adjournments', 'Amendments', 'Resolutions', 'Votes', 'Members', 'Method', 'Voting', 'Poll', 'Continuance', 'behalf', 'Objections', 'Errors', 'Appointment', 'Proxies', 'Proxy', 'Cancellation', 'Authority', 'Number', 'Removal', 'Position', 'Vacation', 'Office', 'Expenses', 'Pensions', 'Gratuities', 'Agents', 'Delegation', 'Provision', 'Employees', 'Competence', 'Committees', 'Writing', 'Acts', 'Use', 'Seals', 'Interim', 'Calculation', 'Currency', 'Amounts', 'Reserves', 'Settlement', 'Difficulties', 'Distribution', 'Inspection', 'Records', 'Supplementary', '09:06']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27140,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/blogposting/24450/swift-blockchain-interoperability-experimentation,Swift blockchain interoperability experimentation,Early June SWIFT  the largest interbank messaging system in the world  announced it would conduct e...,Early June SWIFT  the largest interbank messaging system in the world  announced it would conduct experiments in collaboration with a number of financial institutions to test for blockchain interoperability.Blockchain interoperability has emerged as a hot topic within the crypto space. Institutional investors are increasingly considering investments in tokenised assets. They however are confronted with various challenges since these assets are on different blockchains that are not interoperable.But first  what is blockchain interoperability?Blockchain interoperability is the idea of enabling distinct blockchain networks to interact and integrate. It would allow different blockchain protocols to actively and seamlessly communicate with each other  thereby allowing for the sharing of data between different blockchains.Blockchain interoperability would mean that any blockchain layer could transact or send messages to an outside chain  which may result in making it easier to use different blockchain networks.Notwithstanding there are many projects showing great improvements in finding a solution to interoperability  in its current state  there are no layer-1 blockchain protocols that are able to do this.Why the SWIFT interoperability project?Institutional investors are increasingly considering investments in tokenized assets as they seek new and alternative investments. These tokenized investments however are tracked on different blockchain networks.The institutions thereby face the problem of blockchains not being interoperable  with each having its own functionality or liquidity  which creates significant overhead and friction in managing and trading the assets.SWIFT wants to overcome these interoperability challenges among blockchains  which is key to the long-term scalability of the market and is aligned with the company’s focus on removing friction in international transactions.SWIFT is thereby looking to help these firms leverage their existing infrastructure by developing an interoperability model that would enable access to different blockchain platforms globally  where tokens are recorded in a way that is both compliant and secure. Not only would this help firms simplify their architecture and operations  but it also minimizes investment costs and reduces risk of technology obsolescence.SWIFT Blockchain interoperability experiment 2023Early June SWIFT has announced it would start a blockchain interoperability settlement experiment. They are thereby teaming up with Chainlink  the world’s largest Web3 services platform and several financial institutions and market infrastructures to explore blockchain interoperability for seamless tokenized asset settlements.In addition to enabling financial institutions to interact with multiple blockchain networks  SWIFT will also explore a set of non-technological considerations that are necessary for regulated institutions to interact with public blockchain networks and engage in cross-network transactions.This encompasses a range of operational  compliance  and regulatory challenges  including key focus areas like confidentiality and privacy of data  or liability and recourse when transacting with public blockchain environments.Their findings will be published later this year.SWIFT and former blockchain testsThis new round of experimentation follows a series of largely successful trials in 2022 that explored how SWIFT could integrate digital currencies and tokenized assets with the world’s existing financial ecosystem.These projects were aimed to connect SWIFT’s network to nearly every blockchain to allow traditional finance players access to digital and traditional assets on one network. Thereby a proof-of-concept was conducted with price oracle provider Chainlink which would allow traditional finance firms the ability to transact across blockchain networks.The PoC thereby utilized Chainlink’s cross-chain interoperability protocol (CCIP)  allowing SWIFT messages to instruct token transfers across nearly every blockchain network  which  if successful  would accelerate the adoption of distributed ledger technology (DLT) across capital markets and traditional finance.This collaboration with SWIFT would allow financial institutions to gain blockchain capability without replacing  developing and integrating new connectivity into legacy systems  something it said would require substantial modifications with an “exceptionally high” cost.The Experimentation: collaborationIn a number of experiments  SWIFT will collaborate with more than a dozen major financial institutions and financial market infrastructures. These include Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ANZ)  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  Citi  Clearstream  Euroclear  Lloyds Banking Group  SIX Digital Exchange (SDX) and The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC)One of the main goals for SWIFT is to connect siloed blockchain networks into an interoperable system that allows financial institutions to easily interact with multiple blockchain-based networksThey thereby want to explore how institutions can use their SWIFT connection and Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP)  and leverage their existing messaging network as a means to seamlessly interoperate with the multitude of blockchain networks emerging around the world  thereby efficiently instructing the transfer of tokenised value.By doing this these interactions should be made in a secured and trusted way  just like as the current means of trading traditional assets while using blockchain technology to improve efficiencies  costs and opportunities.Role of ChainlinkChainlink  a leading Web3 services platform  is a decentralized oracle network that provides secure and reliable data feeds to smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain. Chainlink is thereby offering oracle services that can power smart contracts on any blockchain.Web3 is the evolution of the internet to incorporate so-called state-of-the-art technology  among others blockchain networks. The major part of this evolution is decentralized access to financial systems.The use of cryptocurrencies and tokens on blockchain platforms would also allow the creation of new use cases and opportunities. Up till recently these two couldn’t be accessed with ease and simultaneously. With the advent of interoperability in Web3 this and much more will be possible.Blockchain oracles are important for real-world blockchain use. Oracles provide connectivity between on-chain systems such as decentralised applications (DApps) and smart contracts and off-chain systems  allowing data pull/push between both parties. This offers enterprises across major industries a universal gateway to any blockchain. Without oracles  these on-chain systems can only interact on the blockchain they are built for  severally limiting their application.It’s clear that as banks try to access multiple blockchains  a common connectivity layer across the various chains will be a critical building block for their adoption of on-chain finance.Chainlink will facilitate this process by providing connectivity across public and private blockchains for these experiments. Chainlink will thereby be used as an enterprise abstraction layer to securely connect the SWIFT network to the Ethereum Sepolia network  while Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol will enable complete interoperability between the source and destination blockchains.Potential implementationsThe tests aim to solve the challenges presented by the multitude of networks that are not interoperable and therefore create friction in the handling of assetsThe main focus of the upcoming experiments will be to show how SWIFT’s infrastructure can be leveraged to facilitate interoperability  enabling tokenized value to be transferred between existing systems and both public and private DLT platforms with existing connectivity  standards  and messaging.The SWIFT Blockchain interoperability experiment will include a number of use cases. The first use case will involve the transfer of tokenised assets between two wallets on the same public blockchain network (Ethereum Sepolia testnet). The second involves the transfer of tokenised assets from a public blockchain (Ethereum) to a permissioned blockchain. And a third use case will test the transfer of tokenised assets from Ethereum to another public blockchain.What may it bring?The experiments will help advance the industry’s understanding about the technical and business requirements involved when interacting with and between multiple blockchain networks.They will thereby highlight the potential value of using a blockchain interoperability protocol to securely transfer data and value between legacy systems and a potentially unlimited number of blockchains.If these experiments prove to be successful  removing these frictions would aid in the institutional adoption of tokenized assets and long-term market adoption. Not only would this grow the blockchain industry in an accelerated way from where it is today  but it would clearly show capital markets the many benefits of adopting on-chain finance.This collaboration between SWIFT and Chainlink could pave the way for leading institutions like DTCC  Euroclear  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  Citi  and many others to issue and transact trillions of euros/dollars using smart contracts. It may help accelerate the speed at which banks can utilize blockchains.But there are other blockchain interoperability solutionsOracles are not the only solution for blockchain interoperability. There are a multitude of other protocols that have already taken steps towards interoperability. But up till now most efforts have been channelled towards providing applications with the ability to interoperate with each other within the same protocol.The progress in development interoperability solutions however varies. Some have shown more progress than other but was is certain is that developments are moving forward.Next to that protocols approach interoperability from different perspectives. Next to oracles  these include parachains  inter-blockchain communication protocols  sidechains  decentralised direct bridges and others.Parallel ParachainsInteroperable parallel parachains can be thought of as individual Layer-1 blockchains that have the ability to function in parallel within the ecosystem enabling the exchange of data. These parallel parachains are custom blockchains built to host different projects and DApps. With each parachain sharing the same architecture  cross-chain interoperability is guaranteed.Each parachain relies on a central shard within the ecosystem for cross-chain communication and security to send information from one application to another.This method is referred to as ‘pooled security’ that allows validators from this central shard to confirm that the information being relayed is correct against the current state of the application. If all information being exchanged can be confirmed  it is passed through to the corresponding parachain.Inter-blockchain communication (IBC)Blockchain interoperability could also be delivered using inter-blockchain communication (IBC). The IBC protocol supports a suite of cross-chain applications.By using the inter-blockchain communication protocol  chains can communicate with the creation of certificates to correspond and transact between chains. This enables users to freely exchange data and assets over blockchains.Cross-chain certificates are a scalable and efficient way of interoperability  but come with their own sets of requirements and limitations. The major limitation of this is that if a chain cannot produce certificates  direct communication is not possible so interoperability cannot be achieved.Decentralised direct bridgesAnother blockchain interoperability solution driving cross-chain activities is through decentralized direct bridges. Bridges employ so-called child chains to communicate transactions between different Layer-1’s. The bridge allows thereby seamless transferring tokens and digital assets between different blockchains through shared child chains.There are various types of bridges including direct bridges that enable quick and secure transfer of digital assets including tokens from the source chain to the destination chain without the need for intermediaries or a relay network  and Layer-2 bridges that are used for bridging assets between layer-2 networks.SidechainsAnd there is the interoperability solution that uses sidechain technology to allow for communication between chains. Sidechains are separate  independent blockchains linked to the main blockchain (mainchain) using a two-way bridge. A sidechain enables tokens or digital assets to be transferred between the mainchain and the sidechain.Sidechains require applications outside of the mainnet to communicate information from one chain to another. With sidechains  all blockchain applications work independently of one another. Sidechains can relay information across the network via the mainnet.This interoperability solution relies on cross-chain messaging to interoperate. They are thereby using a system of certificates to communicate transactions and timestamps to confirm data. This process allows for accurate validation of data sent. After these messages reach the receiving platform  they can be verified and added to the block.This interoperability solution however has its limits and depends on a lot of factors. It is limited to Proof of Stake (PoS) chains with very specific necessities  that are capable of accepting these kinds of communication. They add complexity to the blockchain design and require a lot of effort and investment for the initial setup.Final remarksBlockchain interoperability should be seen as the next step in the evolution of blockchain technology. It is clear that as banks endeavour to access multiple blockchains  a common connectivity layer across the various chains will be a critical building block for their adoption of on-chain finance.Interoperability will significantly aid real-world blockchain utility  as crypto adoption increases across the globe. The ability for linkages between on-chain and off-chain systems thereby provides incredible opportunities.Developing interoperable blockchain solutions has already taken years of development and intensive labour. Though there have already been early successes in blockchain interoperability and we are seeing a drive towards simpler and more efficient interoperable solutions  this is just the beginning. If the Swift experiment project succeeds that would be a great breakthrough.,neutral,0.45,0.54,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.14,0.5,True,English,"['Swift blockchain interoperability experimentation', 'New Zealand Banking Group Limited', 'a dozen major financial institutions', 'largest Web3 services platform', 'largest interbank messaging system', 'seamless tokenized asset settlements', 'price oracle provider Chainlink', 'blockchain interoperability settlement experiment', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'SWIFT Blockchain interoperability experiment', 'multiple blockchain-based networks', 'layer-1 blockchain protocols', 'public blockchain environments', 'former blockchain tests', 'distributed ledger technology', 'distinct blockchain networks', 'multiple blockchain networks', 'public blockchain networks', 'siloed blockchain networks', 'cross-chain interoperability protocol', 'The Depository Trust', 'different blockchain protocols', 'different blockchain platforms', 'existing financial ecosystem', 'traditional finance players', 'different blockchain networks', 'several financial institutions', 'key focus areas', 'SIX Digital Exchange', 'financial market infrastructures', 'traditional finance firms', 'SWIFT interoperability project', 'interoperable system', 'blockchain layer', 'blockchain capability', 'existing infrastructure', 'technology obsolescence', 'new round', 'new connectivity', 'interoperability challenges', 'interoperability model', 'regulated institutions', 'The PoC', 'different blockchains', 'tokenized assets', 'tokenized investments', 'Early June', 'hot topic', 'crypto space', 'Institutional investors', 'various challenges', 'outside chain', 'great improvements', 'current state', 'significant overhead', 'long-term scalability', 'international transactions', 'investment costs', 'non-technological considerations', 'cross-network transactions', 'operational, compliance', 'regulatory challenges', 'successful trials', 'digital currencies', 'traditional assets', 'token transfers', 'capital markets', 'legacy systems', 'substantial modifications', 'high” cost', 'BNP Paribas', 'BNY Mellon', 'Clearing Corporation', 'main goals', 'The Experimentation', 'one network', 'tokenised assets', 'many projects', 'alternative investments', 'SWIFT messages', 'world', 'experiments', 'collaboration', 'number', 'idea', 'sharing', 'data', 'solution', 'problem', 'functionality', 'liquidity', 'friction', 'company', 'access', 'tokens', 'way', 'architecture', 'operations', 'risk', 'addition', 'range', 'confidentiality', 'privacy', 'liability', 'recourse', 'findings', 'series', 'proof', 'concept', 'CCIP', 'adoption', 'DLT', 'something', 'Australia', 'ANZ', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'SDX', 'DTCC', '2022']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,finextra.com
27141,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear  a major financial clearinghouse  holds a significant amount of frozen Russian assets. By collecting wind… https://t.co/oKwoEVGRas,nan,Euroclear  a major financial clearinghouse  holds a significant amount of frozen Russian assets. By collecting wind… https://t.co/oKwoEVGRas,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['major financial clearinghouse', 'significant amount', 'Russian assets', 'Euroclear', 'wind', 'major financial clearinghouse', 'significant amount', 'Russian assets', 'Euroclear', 'wind']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,Unknown
27142,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Nakamotolisk 9. Chainlink is working with SWIFT  DTCC  BNY Mellon  BNP Paribas  Citi  Euroclear  and many others t… https://t.co/kko5TEp0QS,nan,@Nakamotolisk 9. Chainlink is working with SWIFT  DTCC  BNY Mellon  BNP Paribas  Citi  Euroclear  and many others t… https://t.co/kko5TEp0QS,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['BNY Mellon', 'BNP Paribas', 'many others', 'Chainlink', 'SWIFT', 'DTCC', 'Citi', 'Euroclear', 'BNY Mellon', 'BNP Paribas', 'many others', 'Chainlink', 'SWIFT', 'DTCC', 'Citi', 'Euroclear']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,Unknown
27143,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,VyStar Credit Union aims mortgage app at new homebuyers #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/TSAn5NdXBQ #regtech,nan,VyStar Credit Union aims mortgage app at new homebuyers #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/TSAn5NdXBQ #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['VyStar Credit Union', 'mortgage app', 'new homebuyers', 'co', 'TSAn5NdXBQ', 'regtech', 'VyStar Credit Union', 'mortgage app', 'new homebuyers', 'co', 'TSAn5NdXBQ', 'regtech']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,Unknown
27144,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fintech data integration challenges and effective strategies #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Cv79ibAmZz #regtech,nan,Fintech data integration challenges and effective strategies #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Cv79ibAmZz #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Fintech data integration challenges', 'effective strategies', 'co', 'Cv79ibAmZz', 'Fintech data integration challenges', 'effective strategies', 'co', 'Cv79ibAmZz']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,Unknown
27145,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,LHV Bank names Rachelle Frewer as new CFO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/kPYlVvx8iC #regtech,nan,LHV Bank names Rachelle Frewer as new CFO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/kPYlVvx8iC #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new CFO #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'LHV Bank names', 'Rachelle Frewer', 'regtech', 'new CFO #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'LHV Bank names', 'Rachelle Frewer', 'regtech']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,Unknown
27146,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Regulators weigh impact of new capital rules on banks and nonbanks alike #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/QwDVUKnmGP #regtech,nan,Regulators weigh impact of new capital rules on banks and nonbanks alike #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/QwDVUKnmGP #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new capital rules', 'Regulators', 'impact', 'banks', 'QwDVUKnmGP', 'regtech', 'new capital rules', 'Regulators', 'impact', 'banks', 'QwDVUKnmGP', 'regtech']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,Unknown
27147,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/blogposting/24450/swift-blockchain-interoperability-experimentation,Swift blockchain interoperability experimentation,Early June SWIFT  the largest interbank messaging system in the world  announced it would conduct e...,Early June SWIFT  the largest interbank messaging system in the world  announced it would conduct experiments in collaboration with a number of financial institutions to test for blockchain interoperability.Blockchain interoperability has emerged as a hot topic within the crypto space. Institutional investors are increasingly considering investments in tokenised assets. They however are confronted with various challenges since these assets are on different blockchains that are not interoperable.But first  what is blockchain interoperability?Blockchain interoperability is the idea of enabling distinct blockchain networks to interact and integrate. It would allow different blockchain protocols to actively and seamlessly communicate with each other  thereby allowing for the sharing of data between different blockchains.Blockchain interoperability would mean that any blockchain layer could transact or send messages to an outside chain  which may result in making it easier to use different blockchain networks.Notwithstanding there are many projects showing great improvements in finding a solution to interoperability  in its current state  there are no layer-1 blockchain protocols that are able to do this.Why the SWIFT interoperability project?Institutional investors are increasingly considering investments in tokenized assets as they seek new and alternative investments. These tokenized investments however are tracked on different blockchain networks.The institutions thereby face the problem of blockchains not being interoperable  with each having its own functionality or liquidity  which creates significant overhead and friction in managing and trading the assets.SWIFT wants to overcome these interoperability challenges among blockchains  which is key to the long-term scalability of the market and is aligned with the company’s focus on removing friction in international transactions.SWIFT is thereby looking to help these firms leverage their existing infrastructure by developing an interoperability model that would enable access to different blockchain platforms globally  where tokens are recorded in a way that is both compliant and secure. Not only would this help firms simplify their architecture and operations  but it also minimizes investment costs and reduces risk of technology obsolescence.SWIFT Blockchain interoperability experiment 2023Early June SWIFT has announced it would start a blockchain interoperability settlement experiment. They are thereby teaming up with Chainlink  the world’s largest Web3 services platform and several financial institutions and market infrastructures to explore blockchain interoperability for seamless tokenized asset settlements.In addition to enabling financial institutions to interact with multiple blockchain networks  SWIFT will also explore a set of non-technological considerations that are necessary for regulated institutions to interact with public blockchain networks and engage in cross-network transactions.This encompasses a range of operational  compliance  and regulatory challenges  including key focus areas like confidentiality and privacy of data  or liability and recourse when transacting with public blockchain environments.Their findings will be published later this year.SWIFT and former blockchain testsThis new round of experimentation follows a series of largely successful trials in 2022 that explored how SWIFT could integrate digital currencies and tokenized assets with the world’s existing financial ecosystem.These projects were aimed to connect SWIFT’s network to nearly every blockchain to allow traditional finance players access to digital and traditional assets on one network. Thereby a proof-of-concept was conducted with price oracle provider Chainlink which would allow traditional finance firms the ability to transact across blockchain networks.The PoC thereby utilized Chainlink’s cross-chain interoperability protocol (CCIP)  allowing SWIFT messages to instruct token transfers across nearly every blockchain network  which  if successful  would accelerate the adoption of distributed ledger technology (DLT) across capital markets and traditional finance.This collaboration with SWIFT would allow financial institutions to gain blockchain capability without replacing  developing and integrating new connectivity into legacy systems  something it said would require substantial modifications with an “exceptionally high” cost.The Experimentation: collaborationIn a number of experiments  SWIFT will collaborate with more than a dozen major financial institutions and financial market infrastructures. These include Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ANZ)  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  Citi  Clearstream  Euroclear  Lloyds Banking Group  SIX Digital Exchange (SDX) and The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC)One of the main goals for SWIFT is to connect siloed blockchain networks into an interoperable system that allows financial institutions to easily interact with multiple blockchain-based networksThey thereby want to explore how institutions can use their SWIFT connection and Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP)  and leverage their existing messaging network as a means to seamlessly interoperate with the multitude of blockchain networks emerging around the world  thereby efficiently instructing the transfer of tokenised value.By doing this these interactions should be made in a secured and trusted way  just like as the current means of trading traditional assets while using blockchain technology to improve efficiencies  costs and opportunities.Role of ChainlinkChainlink  a leading Web3 services platform  is a decentralized oracle network that provides secure and reliable data feeds to smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain. Chainlink is thereby offering oracle services that can power smart contracts on any blockchain.Web3 is the evolution of the internet to incorporate so-called state-of-the-art technology  among others blockchain networks. The major part of this evolution is decentralized access to financial systems.The use of cryptocurrencies and tokens on blockchain platforms would also allow the creation of new use cases and opportunities. Up till recently these two couldn’t be accessed with ease and simultaneously. With the advent of interoperability in Web3 this and much more will be possible.Blockchain oracles are important for real-world blockchain use. Oracles provide connectivity between on-chain systems such as decentralised applications (DApps) and smart contracts and off-chain systems  allowing data pull/push between both parties. This offers enterprises across major industries a universal gateway to any blockchain. Without oracles  these on-chain systems can only interact on the blockchain they are built for  severally limiting their application.It’s clear that as banks try to access multiple blockchains  a common connectivity layer across the various chains will be a critical building block for their adoption of on-chain finance.Chainlink will facilitate this process by providing connectivity across public and private blockchains for these experiments. Chainlink will thereby be used as an enterprise abstraction layer to securely connect the SWIFT network to the Ethereum Sepolia network  while Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol will enable complete interoperability between the source and destination blockchains.Potential implementationsThe tests aim to solve the challenges presented by the multitude of networks that are not interoperable and therefore create friction in the handling of assetsThe main focus of the upcoming experiments will be to show how SWIFT’s infrastructure can be leveraged to facilitate interoperability  enabling tokenized value to be transferred between existing systems and both public and private DLT platforms with existing connectivity  standards  and messaging.The SWIFT Blockchain interoperability experiment will include a number of use cases. The first use case will involve the transfer of tokenised assets between two wallets on the same public blockchain network (Ethereum Sepolia testnet). The second involves the transfer of tokenised assets from a public blockchain (Ethereum) to a permissioned blockchain. And a third use case will test the transfer of tokenised assets from Ethereum to another public blockchain.What may it bring?The experiments will help advance the industry’s understanding about the technical and business requirements involved when interacting with and between multiple blockchain networks.They will thereby highlight the potential value of using a blockchain interoperability protocol to securely transfer data and value between legacy systems and a potentially unlimited number of blockchains.If these experiments prove to be successful  removing these frictions would aid in the institutional adoption of tokenized assets and long-term market adoption. Not only would this grow the blockchain industry in an accelerated way from where it is today  but it would clearly show capital markets the many benefits of adopting on-chain finance.This collaboration between SWIFT and Chainlink could pave the way for leading institutions like DTCC  Euroclear  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  Citi  and many others to issue and transact trillions of euros/dollars using smart contracts. It may help accelerate the speed at which banks can utilize blockchains.But there are other blockchain interoperability solutionsOracles are not the only solution for blockchain interoperability. There are a multitude of other protocols that have already taken steps towards interoperability. But up till now most efforts have been channelled towards providing applications with the ability to interoperate with each other within the same protocol.The progress in development interoperability solutions however varies. Some have shown more progress than other but was is certain is that developments are moving forward.Next to that protocols approach interoperability from different perspectives. Next to oracles  these include parachains  inter-blockchain communication protocols  sidechains  decentralised direct bridges and others.Parallel ParachainsInteroperable parallel parachains can be thought of as individual Layer-1 blockchains that have the ability to function in parallel within the ecosystem enabling the exchange of data. These parallel parachains are custom blockchains built to host different projects and DApps. With each parachain sharing the same architecture  cross-chain interoperability is guaranteed.Each parachain relies on a central shard within the ecosystem for cross-chain communication and security to send information from one application to another.This method is referred to as ‘pooled security’ that allows validators from this central shard to confirm that the information being relayed is correct against the current state of the application. If all information being exchanged can be confirmed  it is passed through to the corresponding parachain.Inter-blockchain communication (IBC)Blockchain interoperability could also be delivered using inter-blockchain communication (IBC). The IBC protocol supports a suite of cross-chain applications.By using the inter-blockchain communication protocol  chains can communicate with the creation of certificates to correspond and transact between chains. This enables users to freely exchange data and assets over blockchains.Cross-chain certificates are a scalable and efficient way of interoperability  but come with their own sets of requirements and limitations. The major limitation of this is that if a chain cannot produce certificates  direct communication is not possible so interoperability cannot be achieved.Decentralised direct bridgesAnother blockchain interoperability solution driving cross-chain activities is through decentralized direct bridges. Bridges employ so-called child chains to communicate transactions between different Layer-1’s. The bridge allows thereby seamless transferring tokens and digital assets between different blockchains through shared child chains.There are various types of bridges including direct bridges that enable quick and secure transfer of digital assets including tokens from the source chain to the destination chain without the need for intermediaries or a relay network  and Layer-2 bridges that are used for bridging assets between layer-2 networks.SidechainsAnd there is the interoperability solution that uses sidechain technology to allow for communication between chains. Sidechains are separate  independent blockchains linked to the main blockchain (mainchain) using a two-way bridge. A sidechain enables tokens or digital assets to be transferred between the mainchain and the sidechain.Sidechains require applications outside of the mainnet to communicate information from one chain to another. With sidechains  all blockchain applications work independently of one another. Sidechains can relay information across the network via the mainnet.This interoperability solution relies on cross-chain messaging to interoperate. They are thereby using a system of certificates to communicate transactions and timestamps to confirm data. This process allows for accurate validation of data sent. After these messages reach the receiving platform  they can be verified and added to the block.This interoperability solution however has its limits and depends on a lot of factors. It is limited to Proof of Stake (PoS) chains with very specific necessities  that are capable of accepting these kinds of communication. They add complexity to the blockchain design and require a lot of effort and investment for the initial setup.Final remarksBlockchain interoperability should be seen as the next step in the evolution of blockchain technology. It is clear that as banks endeavour to access multiple blockchains  a common connectivity layer across the various chains will be a critical building block for their adoption of on-chain finance.Interoperability will significantly aid real-world blockchain utility  as crypto adoption increases across the globe. The ability for linkages between on-chain and off-chain systems thereby provides incredible opportunities.Developing interoperable blockchain solutions has already taken years of development and intensive labour. Though there have already been early successes in blockchain interoperability and we are seeing a drive towards simpler and more efficient interoperable solutions  this is just the beginning. If the Swift experiment project succeeds that would be a great breakthrough.,neutral,0.45,0.54,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.14,0.5,True,English,"['Swift blockchain interoperability experimentation', 'New Zealand Banking Group Limited', 'a dozen major financial institutions', 'largest Web3 services platform', 'largest interbank messaging system', 'seamless tokenized asset settlements', 'price oracle provider Chainlink', 'blockchain interoperability settlement experiment', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'SWIFT Blockchain interoperability experiment', 'multiple blockchain-based networks', 'layer-1 blockchain protocols', 'public blockchain environments', 'former blockchain tests', 'distributed ledger technology', 'distinct blockchain networks', 'multiple blockchain networks', 'public blockchain networks', 'siloed blockchain networks', 'cross-chain interoperability protocol', 'The Depository Trust', 'different blockchain protocols', 'different blockchain platforms', 'existing financial ecosystem', 'traditional finance players', 'different blockchain networks', 'several financial institutions', 'key focus areas', 'SIX Digital Exchange', 'financial market infrastructures', 'traditional finance firms', 'SWIFT interoperability project', 'interoperable system', 'blockchain layer', 'blockchain capability', 'existing infrastructure', 'technology obsolescence', 'new round', 'new connectivity', 'interoperability challenges', 'interoperability model', 'regulated institutions', 'The PoC', 'different blockchains', 'tokenized assets', 'tokenized investments', 'Early June', 'hot topic', 'crypto space', 'Institutional investors', 'various challenges', 'outside chain', 'great improvements', 'current state', 'significant overhead', 'long-term scalability', 'international transactions', 'investment costs', 'non-technological considerations', 'cross-network transactions', 'operational, compliance', 'regulatory challenges', 'successful trials', 'digital currencies', 'traditional assets', 'token transfers', 'capital markets', 'legacy systems', 'substantial modifications', 'high” cost', 'BNP Paribas', 'BNY Mellon', 'Clearing Corporation', 'main goals', 'The Experimentation', 'one network', 'tokenised assets', 'many projects', 'alternative investments', 'SWIFT messages', 'world', 'experiments', 'collaboration', 'number', 'idea', 'sharing', 'data', 'solution', 'problem', 'functionality', 'liquidity', 'friction', 'company', 'access', 'tokens', 'way', 'architecture', 'operations', 'risk', 'addition', 'range', 'confidentiality', 'privacy', 'liability', 'recourse', 'findings', 'series', 'proof', 'concept', 'CCIP', 'adoption', 'DLT', 'something', 'Australia', 'ANZ', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'SDX', 'DTCC', '2022']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,finextra.com
27148,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/peoplemovesarticle.php?article_id=14549&navigationaction=home&page=1&newssection=People%20Moves,Clearstream Banking AG appoints Eckermann as CEO,Stephanie Eckermann will now lead the strategy of Clearstream Banking AG while remaining responsible for strategy  finance and compliance across Clearstream in its entirety,Clearstream Banking AG appoints Eckermann as CEOClearstream Banking AG has appointed Stephanie Eckermann as CEO following the departure of Berthold Kracke.Eckermann will now lead the strategy of Clearstream Banking AG while remaining responsible for strategy  finance and compliance across Clearstream in its entirety.She has been a member of the executive board at Clearstream Holding AG since September 2020 and remains a board member at the Institutional Shareholder Services.Eckermann was most recently head of strategy and controls  pre- and post-trading at Deutsche Börse. Previously  she was a partner at McKinsey & Company during her nearly two-decade tenure with the firm.Eckermann takes on the role from former CEO Kracke who served in the position for eight years of his 25-year-long career at Clearstream. Kracke retains his seat on Clearstream Holding AG’s executive board  which he joined 8 years ago.Udo Henkelmann joins Eckermann and Kracke on the executive board and as chief risk and control officer.Based in Frankfurt  Henkelmann has led the company’s control function since joining as chief representative in January 2023. Control functions involve compliance  risk management  information security  control assurance and monitoring  and outsourcing and contract management.Henkelmann previously worked as group money laundering reporting officer and group chief compliance officer at Deutsche Börse.Commenting on her new role via Linkedin Eckermann says: “I am honoured to have been appointed CEO of Clearstream Banking AG. Kracke will still be on the board of Clearstream Holding AG and continue to focus on leading Clearstream Global Operations as his primary task.”Eckermann added: “I want to thank all of my Clearstream senior management colleagues for their support and I look forward to working in this role together with you.”,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.14,0.3,True,English,"['Clearstream Banking AG', 'Eckermann', 'CEO', 'group money laundering reporting officer', 'leading Clearstream Global Operations', 'Clearstream senior management colleagues', 'group chief compliance officer', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'Clearstream Holding AG', 'former CEO Kracke', 'control officer', 'chief risk', 'chief representative', 'risk management', 'contract management', 'two-decade tenure', 'eight years', '25-year-long career', 'control function', 'information security', 'control assurance', 'primary task', 'executive board', 'Berthold Kracke', 'Udo Henkelmann', 'new role', 'board member', 'Stephanie Eckermann', 'Linkedin Eckermann', 'departure', 'strategy', 'finance', 'entirety', 'September', 'head', 'controls', 'post-trading', 'partner', 'McKinsey', 'Company', 'firm', 'position', 'seat', 'Frankfurt', 'January', 'monitoring', 'outsourcing', 'support']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,assetservicingtimes.com
27149,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Banking AG appoints Eckermann as CEO. Stephanie Eckermann will now lead the strategy of Clearstream Ban… https://t.co/wL6ZmFP2k1,nan,Clearstream Banking AG appoints Eckermann as CEO. Stephanie Eckermann will now lead the strategy of Clearstream Ban… https://t.co/wL6ZmFP2k1,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream Banking AG', 'Stephanie Eckermann', 'CEO', 'strategy', 'wL6ZmFP2k1', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'Stephanie Eckermann', 'CEO', 'strategy', 'wL6ZmFP2k1']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,Unknown
27150,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,🚫🇬🇧#receipts #shares #russiaClearstream suspends conversion of Russian stock receipts due to new package of sanctions,nan,🚫🇬🇧#receipts #shares #russiaClearstream suspends conversion of Russian stock receipts due to new package of sanctions,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Russian stock receipts', 'new package', 'shares', 'Clearstream', 'conversion', 'sanctions', 'Russian stock receipts', 'new package', 'shares', 'Clearstream', 'conversion', 'sanctions']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,Unknown
27151,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Banking AG appoints Eckermann as CEO. Stephanie Eckermann will now lead the strategy of Clearstream Ban… https://t.co/qawWNPpGus,nan,Clearstream Banking AG appoints Eckermann as CEO. Stephanie Eckermann will now lead the strategy of Clearstream Ban… https://t.co/qawWNPpGus,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream Banking AG', 'Stephanie Eckermann', 'CEO', 'strategy', 'qawWNPpGus', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'Stephanie Eckermann', 'CEO', 'strategy', 'qawWNPpGus']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,Unknown
27152,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,These Clearstream Reports posted by @JWesChristian show 2022 Failures to Deliver across EU = $732 TRILLION (EU671T)… https://t.co/ZoLv2R0ufT,nan,These Clearstream Reports posted by @JWesChristian show 2022 Failures to Deliver across EU = $732 TRILLION (EU671T)… https://t.co/ZoLv2R0ufT,neutral,0.04,0.79,0.17,neutral,0.04,0.79,0.17,True,English,"['Clearstream Reports', '2022 Failures', 'EU', 'ZoLv2R0ufT', 'Clearstream Reports', '2022 Failures', 'EU', 'ZoLv2R0ufT']",2023-07-02,2023-07-04,Unknown
27153,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Group Limited (ANZ)  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  Citi  Clearstream  Euroclear  Lloyds Banking Group  SIX Digital Excha… https://t.co/s2vaYk1L5k,nan,Group Limited (ANZ)  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  Citi  Clearstream  Euroclear  Lloyds Banking Group  SIX Digital Excha… https://t.co/s2vaYk1L5k,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['SIX Digital Excha', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Group Limited', 'BNP Paribas', 'BNY Mellon', 'ANZ', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'SIX Digital Excha', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Group Limited', 'BNP Paribas', 'BNY Mellon', 'ANZ', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2023-07-02,2023-07-04,Unknown
27154,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna  50+ Mile Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls  15dB I… https://t.co/dqFpLeTuBC,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna  50+ Mile Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls  15dB I… https://t.co/dqFpLeTuBC,neutral,0.15,0.82,0.03,neutral,0.15,0.82,0.03,True,English,"['Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna', '50+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Grips', 'Walls', 'Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna', '50+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Grips', 'Walls']",2023-07-02,2023-07-04,Unknown
27155,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NVP-S-P-A-111326933/news/NVP-appoints-CFO-SIM-as-Euronext-Growth-Advisor-44251554/,NVP appoints CFO SIM as Euronext Growth Advisor,(marketscreener.com) NVP Spa announced Monday that it has appointed CFO SIM Spa as Euronext Growth Advisor  effective July 4. NVP is unchanged at EUR3.12 per share. By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporter Comments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.…,Nvp SpA is an Italy-based company that provides a wide range of services to the video production industry  mainly to television (TV) networks and TV rights owners. Its offering is related to content and broadcasting. The Company designs and develops TV event  particularly related to sport  entertainment  concerts and spectacles. Its customers include TV broadcastings  content online platforms  production houses and sport clubs  among others. It operates locally  in Europe and internationally with a focus on Saudi Arabia  Morocco  the United States  Thailand  Malesia and Qatar.Sector Entertainment Production,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Advisor', 'CFO SIM', 'NVP', 'video production industry', 'television (TV) networks', 'TV rights owners', 'content online platforms', 'Sector Entertainment Production', 'production houses', 'TV event', 'TV broadcastings', 'Nvp SpA', 'Italy-based company', 'wide range', 'The Company', 'Saudi Arabia', 'United States', 'sport clubs', 'services', 'offering', 'concerts', 'spectacles', 'customers', 'others', 'Europe', 'focus', 'Morocco', 'Thailand', 'Malesia', 'Qatar']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27156,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698285/0/en/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notifications-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Regulated Information  Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – July 3  2023 – 8.00 AM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company......,Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – July 3  2023 – 8.00 AM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received transparency notifications as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on June 30  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of June 22  2023  it held 12 842 758 shares of the then outstanding 1 265 917 890 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of the sale of voting securities. See Annex 1.Oxurion received a transparency notification on June 30  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of June 27  2023  it held 73 004 542 shares of the then outstanding 1 338 922 432 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (5%) by virtue of the acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 2.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1ANNEX 2Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.21,0.52,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notifications', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Tom Graney Chief Executive Officer', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', '8.00 AM CET Oxurion NV', 'Chief Business Officer', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notifications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 1,265,917,890 shares', 'outstanding 1,338,922,432 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 2 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '12,842,758 shares', '73,004,542 shares', 'ANNEX 1', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'July', 'June', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27157,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698263/0/en/BioSenic-S-A-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares.html,BioSenic S.A. : Information on the total number of voting rights and shares,REGULATED INFORMATION  Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  July 3rd  2023  7.00 am CEST – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the innovative company......,English FrenchREGULATED INFORMATIONMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  July 3rd  2023  7.00 am CEST – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the innovative company addressing unmet medical needs in in the areas of innate immunity  inflammation and organ/function repair  today announces an increase in the total number of voting rights and shares as a result of the issuance of new shares following the conversion of convertible bonds (CBs). The following information is published in accordance with Article 15 of the Belgian Law of 2 May 2007 on the publication of major shareholdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on regulated market.Total amount of share capital on 31 May 2023 EUR 34 000 669 Total number of shares with voting rights on 31 May 2023 126 508 857 Total number of new shares issued between 01 June 2023 and 02 July 2023 625 000Total amount of share capital on 02 July 2023 EUR 34 050 669 Total number of shares with voting rights on 02 July 2023 127 133 857 Total number of voting rights (denominator) on 02 July 2023 127 133 857 Total number of attributed warrants 1 197 554 Total number of convertible bonds outstanding 831 Total number of remaining CB commitments 30 Total number of shares with voting rights that can be issued following the exercise of the attributed warrants and CB commitments  and the conversion of the convertible bonds 40 540 765 (2)(1)1 197 554 shares could be issued in case all 1 197 554 attributed warrants were exercised.285 714 shares could be issued in case all 800 convertible bonds outstanding  issued in the private placement on 6 May 2020  were converted into shares based on the predetermined conversion price of EUR 7.00.39 057 497 shares could be issued in case all 30 CB commitments remaining and all 31 convertible bonds outstanding of the ABO CB program signed on 30 May 2022 were exercised and converted into shares based on the conversion price of EUR 0.0781 (95% of the Volume-Weighted-Averaged-Price of BioSenics’ shares on 29 June 2023).About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com .About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic had initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB was evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis allowed BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  by this mid-June 2023. In June 2023  BioSenic decided to suspend its interventional trial on fracture healing using ALLOB  following negative results obtained for the primary endpoint in the exploratory Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB IIb  which focused on safety and treatment timing efficacy. The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation. Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is also  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing a next-generation  off-the-shelf  enhanced viscosupplement  JTA  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid (a natural component of synovial fluid in the knee) and a third active component. JTA or some derivatives intend to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis drastically changes the therapeutic profile of the combined components and allows for better patient targeting in new clinical developments. The company  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 itself will focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) platform.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comInternational Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['BioSenic S.A.', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb study', 'exploratory Phase IIb clinical trial', 'The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'gene therapy platform', 'cell oxidative stress', 'cell death program', 'unmet medical needs', 'Key target indications', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'single local injection', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'late delayed union', 'scalable manufacturing process', 'ABO CB program', 'leading biotech company', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'treatment timing efficacy', 'tissue repair protection', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'double basic effect', 'optimized production process', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'innate/adaptative immune system', 'remaining CB commitments', 'two main platforms', 'successful first safety', 'efficacy study', 'clinical assets', 'innovative company', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'ALLOB IIb', 'interventional trial', '30 CB commitments', 'first effect', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'main results', 'organ/function repair', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'organ repair', 'bone regeneration', 'second effect', 'English French', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'innate immunity', 'voting rights', 'convertible bonds', 'following information', 'Belgian Law', 'major shareholdings', 'regulated market', 'Total amount', 'share capital', 'private placement', 'Host Disease', 'strategic positionings', 'strong IP', 'new arsenal', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'immunomodulatory properties', 'Further information', 'healthy donors', 'bone-forming cells', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'patient recruitment', 'long bones', 'new rules', 'statistical analysis', 'original protocol', 'fracture healing', 'negative results', 'primary endpoint', 'other cells', 'potent immunomodulatory', 'total number', 'conversion price', '1,197,554 attributed warrants', 'new shares', 'BioSenics’ shares', '1,197,554 shares', '285,714 shares', '39,057,497 shares', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'CEST', 'Paris', 'areas', 'inflammation', 'increase', 'issuance', 'CBs', 'accordance', 'Article', '2 May', 'publication', 'issuers', '31 May', '01 June', '02 July', 'denominator', 'exercise', 'case', '6 May', '30 May', 'Volume-Weighted-Averaged-Price', '29 June', 'development', 'Graft', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'October', 'strengths', 'Medsenic', 'ATO/OATO', 'MSCs', 'use', 'hospitals', 'site', 'injury', 'Europe', 'patients', 'mid-June', 'apoptosis']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27158,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698680/0/en/ASM-share-buyback-update-June-26-30-2023.html,ASM share buyback update June 26 – 30  2023,Almere  The Netherlands July 3  2023  5:45 p.m. CET  ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted...,Almere  The NetherlandsJuly 3  2023  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program.Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value June 26  2023 11 643 € 377.87 € 4 399 590 June 27  2023 2 488 € 372.65 € 927 146 June 28  2023 483 € 375.80 € 181 513 Total 14 614 € 376.92 € 5 508 249These repurchases were made as part of the €100 million share buyback program which started on April 27  2023. Of the total program  50.1% has been repurchased. For further details including individual transaction information please visit: www.asm.com/investors/dividends-share-buybacks .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['ASM share buyback update', 'media relations Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current share buyback program', '€100 million share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'individual transaction information', 'total program', 'following transactions', 'Average price', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'press release', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'CET', 'Date', 'shares', 'June', 'repurchases', 'part', 'April', 'details', 'investors/dividends', 'share-buybacks', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'meaning', 'Contact', '5:45']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27159,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698690/0/en/Voltalia-SA-First-megawatt-hours-for-the-SSM3-6-solar-power-plant-in-Brazil.html,Voltalia SA: First megawatt-hours for the SSM3-6 solar power plant in Brazil,Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  today announced the start of production for SSM3-6  a 260-megawatt solar power plant located in the Serra Branca cluster.,"English FrenchVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  today announced the start of production for SSM3-6  a 260-megawatt solar power plant located in the Serra Branca cluster.The construction of the SSM3-6 solar farm (Solar Serra do Mel 3  4  5  and 6) was initiated in March 20221. Out of a total capacity of 260 megawatts  17 megawatts have started producing last Friday  while the remaining capacity will be gradually commissioned in the coming months.This power plant is backed by a 14-year power purchase agreement with Copel  a Brazilian utility and longstanding partner of Voltalia.SSM3-6 is part of the Serra Branca complex  the largest wind and solar complex in the world  fully developed by Voltalia and located in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte. The complex generates one of the most competitive energy sources in the country  benefiting from exceptional levels of wind and sunlight  which are complementary energy sources.The projects within this massive cluster benefit from shared infrastructure (grid connection and access) and operational synergies. For example  the construction of SSM3-6 and SSM1-2  a 320-megawatt solar power plant commissioned in 2022.Voltalia is the sole or controlling shareholder of a significant portion of the power plants located within the complex  while others have been transferred to partners. Voltalia provides all or part of the services associated with the development  construction  and maintenance of the transferred or retained power plants.Ownership Technology Status Capacity (in MW) Developed and owned by VoltaliaDeveloped and owned by Voltalia WindSolar OperatingOperating 624337 Developed and sold with services by Voltalia Wind Operating 761 Sub total 1722 Developed and owned by Voltalia Solar Construction 243 Sub total 1965 Under development by Voltalia Solar and wind Development 435 Grand Total 2 400""We are very pleased to announce the commencement of the commissioning of SSM3-6. This is the result of several years of development and construction work that is bearing its first fruits. I would like to thank the teams that have contributed to this significant milestone""  said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Next appointment : Q2 2023 turnover  on July 26th (after market hours).About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 14.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 550 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Press release dated March 28  2022Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.75,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['SSM3-6 solar power plant', 'Voltalia SA', 'First megawatt-hours', 'Brazil', 'Rio Grande do Norte', '14-year power purchase agreement', 'Solar Serra do Mel', 'Ownership Technology Status Capacity', '260-megawatt solar power plant', '320-megawatt solar power plant', 'Voltalia Wind Solar Operating', 'Serra Branca cluster', 'SSM3-6 solar farm', 'massive cluster benefit', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'competitive energy sources', 'complementary energy sources', 'renewable energy sector', 'Serra Branca complex', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy projects', 'Voltalia Solar Construction', 'solar complex', 'power plants', 'total capacity', 'remaining capacity', 'generating capacity', 'largest wind', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'coming months', 'Brazilian utility', 'longstanding partner', 'Brazilian state', 'exceptional levels', 'shared infrastructure', 'grid connection', 'operational synergies', 'controlling shareholder', 'significant portion', 'Sub total', 'several years', 'first fruits', 'significant milestone', 'Next appointment', 'Q2 2023 turnover', 'market hours', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'regulated market', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', '1 Press release', 'construction work', 'investor clients', 'local production', 'wind Development', 'green electricity', 'start', 'March', '260 megawatts', '17 megawatts', 'Copel', 'world', 'country', 'sunlight', 'access', 'example', 'sole', 'others', 'partners', 'maintenance', 'MW', 'commencement', 'commissioning', 'result', 'teams', 'CEO', 'July', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '14.2 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27160,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-June-26-2023-until-June-30-2023-includ-44254421/,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from June 26  2023 until June 30  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   July 3  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from June 26  2023 until June 30  2023    Implementation of t…,July 3  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from June 26  2023 until June 30  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from June 26  2023 until June 30  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until December 29  2023): 133 221 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 06/26/2023 24 921 71.42 71.04 71.66 1 779 788 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 06/27/2023 27 357 71.08 70.78 71.62 1 944 637 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 06/28/2023 26 467 71.67 71.30 71.92 1 896 988 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 06/29/2023 32 213 71.64 71.46 71.84 2 307 668 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 06/30/2023 22 263 72.16 71.56 72.40 1 606 491 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 133 221 71.58 9 535 573 Regulated information of July 3  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 32 500 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 06/26/2023 1 750 71.25 71.04 71.66 124 685 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/27/2023 4 250 71.07 70.78 71.62 302 050 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/28/2023 8 000 71.55 71.30 71.92 572 378 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/29/2023 18 500 71.64 71.46 71.84 1 325 264 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 32 500 71.52 2 324 377 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from June 26  2023 until June 30  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 38 500 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 06/26/2023 2 750 71.46 71.04 71.66 196 505 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/27/2023 3 250 71.13 70.78 71.62 231 175 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/28/2023 10 500 71.63 71.30 71.92 752 085 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/29/2023 18 224 71.68 71.46 71.84 1 306 294 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/30/2023 3 776 72.11 71.56 72.40 272 273 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 38 500 71.64 2 758 332 As of June 30  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 9 531 327 GBL shares representing 6.5% of the issued capital  and holds no shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  18.8% of the sixth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of July 3  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'June', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'sixth share buyback program', 'market shares price', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', 'Stock Exchange Euronext', '32,500 GBL shares Number', '133,221 GBL shares', '38,500 GBL shares', '9,531,327 GBL shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', '377 Sales GBL', 'gbl.be', 'July', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'June', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'December', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Total', 'Page', 'The', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27161,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-share-buyback-update-June-26-ndash-30-2023-44254367/,ASM share buyback update June 26 – 30  2023,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The Netherlands July 3  2023  5:45 p.m. CET ASM International N.V. reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program. DateRepurchased sharesAverage priceRepurchased valueJune 26  202311 643€ 3…,Almere  The NetherlandsJuly 3  2023  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program.Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value June 26  2023 11 643 € 377.87 € 4 399 590 June 27  2023 2 488 € 372.65 € 927 146 June 28  2023 483 € 375.80 € 181 513 Total 14 614 € 376.92 € 5 508 249These repurchases were made as part of the €100 million share buyback program which started on April 27  2023. Of the total program  50.1% has been repurchased. For further details including individual transaction information please visit: www.asm.com/investors/dividends-share-buybacks .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['ASM share buyback update', 'media relations Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current share buyback program', '€100 million share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'individual transaction information', 'total program', 'following transactions', 'Average price', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'press release', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'CET', 'Date', 'shares', 'June', 'repurchases', 'part', 'April', 'details', 'investors/dividends', 'share-buybacks', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'meaning', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:45']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27162,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TINC-N-V-22149063/news/TINC-N-increases-its-participation-in-Windfarm-Kroningswind-NL-and-invests-in-the-business-servi-44249974/,TINC N : increases its participation in Windfarm Kroningswind (NL) and invests in the business service center &ldquo;Obelisc&rdquo; (B),"(marketscreener.com)   TINC increases its participation in Windfarm Kroningswind and invests in the business service center ""Obelisc""   03 July 2023    TINC  de infrastructure investor listed on Euronext Brussels  acquires an additional 27 27 % partic…","TINC increases its participation in Windfarm Kroningswind (NL) and invests in the business service center ""Obelisc"" (B) 03 July 2023TINC  de infrastructure investor listed on Euronext Brussels  acquires an additional 27 27 % participation in Windfarm Kroningswind (NL) from joint initiative taker TDP NV. TINC now holds 100 % of the 80 MW onshore windfarm located on the island of Goeree-Overflakkee in the Netherlands. TINC's initial 72 73 % investment in the windfarm dates from 2019. The windfarm became fully operational at the end of 2022.TINC also acquires a 50 % participation in the business service center Obelisc from a number of the original developers of this business service center (TDP NV  B.S.I. en Foremost Immo)  together with the family Mariën who increases also their participation to 50 %. The business service center Obelisc is located on the Tech Lane Ghent Science Park in the Vlaamse Biotech cluster (B). It is designed as a research building offering office space  specialised lab space and ancillary services to life-science businesses. The business service center is operational and includes customers such as Johnson & Johnson (www.obelisc.be).Together both acquisitions represent an investment of circa € 27 3 million for TINC.""With these acquisitions TINC grows and diversifies its portfolio with operational participations in the important investment segments of energy infrastructure and selective real estate. Both acquisitions contribute immediately to the result of TINC and are an excellent fit with key investment themes that guide the investments of TINC: contributing to the transition to a low-carbon economy (Windfarm Kroningswind) and supporting the knowledge economy by facilitating research with specialized infrastructure (business service center Obelisc). In doing so  TINC continues to invest in sustainable infrastructure for the world of tomorrow"" - Manu Vandenbulcke  CEO TINC.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['business service center', 'TINC N', 'Windfarm Kroningswind', 'participation', 'NL', 'Obelisc', 'Tech Lane Ghent Science Park', 'business service center', 'joint initiative taker', 'B.S.I.', 'Vlaamse Biotech cluster', 'selective real estate', 'specialised lab space', 'important investment segments', 'key investment themes', 'office space', 'initial 72,73 % investment', 'infrastructure investor', 'Euronext Brussels', 'TDP NV', 'original developers', 'Foremost Immo', 'Mariën', 'ancillary services', 'life-science businesses', 'operational participations', 'energy infrastructure', 'excellent fit', 'low-carbon economy', 'knowledge economy', 'specialized infrastructure', 'sustainable infrastructure', 'Manu Vandenbulcke', 'Windfarm Kroningswind', 'research building', 'additional 27,27 % participation', '50 % participation', 'TINC', 'NL', 'Obelisc', '80 MW', 'island', 'Goeree-Overflakkee', 'Netherlands', 'end', 'number', 'family', 'customers', 'Johnson', 'acquisitions', 'portfolio', 'result', 'investments', 'transition', 'world', 'tomorrow', 'CEO', '2022', '50 %.']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27163,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KINEPOLIS-GROUP-NV-16805128/news/Update-share-buyback-program-3-July-2023-44254390/,Update share buyback program (3 July 2023),(marketscreener.com) Update share buyback program Regulated information 3 July 2023 - 17.45 CET On 12 June 2023  Kinepolis Group announced the launch of its Share buyback program to cover share options. This program started on 13 June 2023 and ends on 16 Augu…,Update share buyback program (3 July 2023)Regulated information3 July 2023 - 17.45 CETOn 12 June 2023  Kinepolis Group announced the launch of its Share buyback program to cover share options. This program started on 13 June 2023 and ends on 16 August 2023 at the latest. Under this program  Kinepolis Group may buy back  through the appointed independent intermediary  up to 200 000 shares on Euronext Brussels for a total maximum amount of € 10 million.During the period from 26 June 2023 to 30 June 2023  the following transactions were carried out on Euronext Brussels under this program:Date Number of shares Averageprice (EUR)Lowestprice (EUR)Highestprice(EUR) Total(EUR) 26/06/2023 2 639 € 42.64 € 42.50 € 43.00 € 112 519.05 27/06/2023 2 612 € 42.43 € 41.90 € 42.85 € 110 817.65 28/06/2023 3 800 € 42.49 € 41.90 € 43.00 € 161 474.00 29/06/2023 2 980 € 42.10 € 41.85 € 42.60 € 125 461.60 30/06/2023 2 394 € 41.47 € 41.30 € 41.70 € 99 289.45 Total 14 425 €609 561.75As a result of the aforementioned transactions  the Company holds 420 373 own shares on the date of 30 June 2023.This information as well as the summary of the buybacks since the start of the Share buyback program can be found on the website http://investors.kinepolis.com.KINEPOLIS GROUP NVPublic limited company in the capacity of a listed companyEeuwfeestlaan 20  1020 BrusselsEnterprise Number BE 0415.928.179 RLP Brussels,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.05,0.09,True,English,"['Update share buyback program', 'Update share buyback program', 'total maximum amount', 'Public limited company', '1020 Brussels Enterprise Number', 'KINEPOLIS GROUP NV', 'share options', 'Euronext Brussels', '79 RLP Brussels', 'independent intermediary', 'Date Number', 'listed company', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'to 200 000 shares', 'July', '45 CET', '12 June', 'launch', '13 June', '16 August', 'period', '26 June', '30 June', 'Averageprice', 'Lowestprice', 'Highestprice', 'result', 'summary', 'buybacks', 'start', 'website', 'investors', 'capacity', 'Eeuwfeestlaan', '420 373']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27164,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698684/0/en/Update-share-buyback-program-3-July-2023.html,Update share buyback program (3 July 2023),Update share buyback program (3 July 2023)              Regulated information        3 July 2023 - 17.45 CET        On 12 June 2023  Kinepolis Group......,English French DutchUpdate share buyback program (3 July 2023)Regulated information3 July 2023 - 17.45 CETOn 12 June 2023  Kinepolis Group announced the launch of its Share buyback program to cover share options. This program started on 13 June 2023 and ends on 16 August 2023 at the latest. Under this program  Kinepolis Group may buy back  through the appointed independent intermediary  up to 200 000 shares on Euronext Brussels for a total maximum amount of € 10 million.During the period from 26 June 2023 to 30 June 2023  the following transactions were carried out on Euronext Brussels under this program:Date Number of shares Average price (EUR)Lowest price (EUR)Highest price(EUR) Total(EUR) 26/06/2023 2 639 € 42.64 € 42.50 € 43.00 € 112 519.05 27/06/2023 2 612 € 42.43 € 41.90 € 42.85 € 110 817.65 28/06/2023 3 800 € 42.49 € 41.90 € 43.00 € 161 474.00 29/06/2023 2 980 € 42.10 € 41.85 € 42.60 € 125 461.60 30/06/2023 2 394 € 41.47 € 41.30 € 41.70 € 99 289.45 Total 14 425 €609 561.75As a result of the aforementioned transactions  the Company holds 420 373 own shares on the date of 30 June 2023.This information as well as the summary of the buybacks since the start of the Share buyback program can be found on the website http://investors.kinepolis.com.KINEPOLIS GROUP NVPublic limited company in the capacity of a listed companyEeuwfeestlaan 20  1020 BrusselsEnterprise Number BE 0415.928.179 RLP Brussels,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.13,0.03,True,English,"['Update share buyback program', 'Update share buyback program', 'English French Dutch', 'total maximum amount', 'Public limited company', '1020 Brussels Enterprise Number', 'KINEPOLIS GROUP NV', 'share options', 'Euronext Brussels', '79 RLP Brussels', 'independent intermediary', 'Date Number', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'listed company', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'to 200 000 shares', '3 July', '17.45 CET', '12 June', 'launch', '13 June', '16 August', 'period', '26 June', '30 June', 'result', 'summary', 'buybacks', 'start', 'website', 'investors', 'capacity', 'Eeuwfeestlaan', '420 373']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27165,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLARIANE-SE-37408/news/Clariane-Acquisition-or-disposal-of-the-issuer-s-own-shares-Information-relating-to-the-liquidit-44250511/,Clariane : Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares / Information relating to the liquidity contract,(marketscreener.com)   Press release 3 July 2023   Transfer of the liquidity contract   Clariane  the leading European community in care  healthcare and hospitality in times of vulnerability  announces entrusting BNP Paribas Exane  from 3 July 2023 to…,Press release 3 July 2023Transfer of the liquidity contractClariane  the leading European community in care  healthcare and hospitality in times of vulnerability  announces entrusting BNP Paribas Exane  from 3 July 2023 to 31 December 2023 and renewable by tacit agreement for successive one-year periods  with the implementation of a liquidity contract relating to its ordinary shares.This contract was established in accordance with the regulations in force  and in particular AMF Decision No. 2021-01 of June 22  2021. It complies with the code of ethics of the Association Française des Marchés Financiers (AMAFI).The purpose of this contract is for the promotion by BNP Paribas Exane of the Clariane share on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris.The resources allocated to its implementation are:219 607 shares348 335.51 eurosThis new contract may be suspended:In the cases provided for in Article 5 of Chapter II of AMF Decision No. 2021-01 of June 22  2021;2021-01 of June 22  2021; In the event of the holding of a number of shares equal to the maximum decided by the general meeting of the Issuer  taking into account in particular the shares already held by the Issuer in accordance with Article L. 225-210 of the Code of trade 225-210 of the Code of trade  In the event that the share price is outside the intervention thresholds authorized by the general meeting of the Issuer In the event of expiry or suspension of the authorization to buy back shares by the General Meeting of the Issuer In addition  the contract may be terminated by Clariane at any time and without notice  or by BNP Paribas Exane with one month's notice.The termination of the liquidity contract with Oddo BHF and Natixis has taken effect on June 30  2023 after market close.1,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['liquidity contract', 'Clariane', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'issuer', 'shares', 'Information', 'Association Française des Marchés Financiers', 'leading European community', 'BNP Paribas Exane', 'successive one-year periods', 'Press release', 'tacit agreement', 'AMF Decision', 'regulated market', 'Chapter II', 'general meeting', 'share price', 'intervention thresholds', 'one month', 'Oddo BHF', 'market close', 'liquidity contract', 'new contract', 'Article L.', 'Clariane share', 'ordinary shares', '219,607 shares', 'Transfer', 'care', 'hospitality', 'times', 'vulnerability', '3 July', '31 December', 'implementation', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'force', 'June', 'code', 'ethics', 'AMAFI', 'purpose', 'promotion', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'resources', 'cases', 'event', 'holding', 'number', 'maximum', 'Issuer', 'account', 'particular', 'trade', 'expiry', 'suspension', 'authorization', 'back', 'addition', 'notice', 'termination', 'Natixis', 'effect', '5.51']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27166,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/2CRSi-Appointment-of-Philippe-Jeannot-as-Deputy-Chief-Executive-Officer-44254608/,2CRSi : Appointment of Philippe Jeannot as Deputy Chief Executive Officer,(marketscreener.com)    High-performance servers     Press release   2CRSi: appointment of Philippe Jeannot as Deputy Chief   Executive Officer   Strasbourg   3 July 2023 - 2CRSi  a designer and manufacturer of high- performance...https://www…,"Press release2CRSi: appointment of Philippe Jeannot as Deputy ChiefExecutive OfficerStrasbourg (France)  3 July 2023 - 2CRSi  a designer and manufacturer of high- performance energy-efficient computer servers  announces the appointment of Philippe Jeannot as Deputy Chief Executive Officer.This appointment is made as the 2CRSi group begins to refocus on its historical core business  the design and manufacture of servers. As an engineer by training  and having spent the majority of his career in the manufacturing and BtoB sectors  Philippe Jeannot's appointment is part of this strategic refocusing initiative.As part of his new role  Philippe Jeannot will manage the entire Group and its subsidiaries and will be responsible for all operational  administrative and sales activities. His main tasks will be to improve the business model and processes  to align the business lines and make them more reliable  and to unite  develop and support the teams. He will also be a member of the executive committee and will report directly to Alain Wilmouth  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 2CRSi  who will be able to focus on implementing the strategy and on priority development projects  particularly innovative and international projects.A graduate of Ecole Centrale Paris  Philippe Jeannot has more than 30 years' experience in management positions with mid-caps operating in a variety of sectors  but particularly in the manufacturing sector (TSA Industries  Cosma Experts  Alternium  Hypred  etc.)""I am very pleased to be joining the 2CRSi group  and look forward to taking the opportunity to support its industrial refocusing. I hope that my experience will be of benefit to the teams. As can be seen from my career path  I am committed to improving processes  supporting company transformations and helping to improve their long-term performance "" says Philippe Jeannot.About 2CRSiFounded in Strasbourg (France)  2CRSi group develops  produces and sells customised  high- performance and environmentally-friendly servers. In the 2022-2023 financial year  the Group generated revenue of €183.8 million. The Group today has around 390 employees and markets its offer of innovative solutions (processing  storage and network) in more than 50 countries. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (ISIN: FR0013341781) and its shares were transferred to the regulated market Euronext Growth on 25 November 2022.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.94,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Philippe Jeannot', '2CRSi', 'Appointment', 'high- performance energy-efficient computer servers', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'customised, high- performance', '2022-2023 financial year', 'strategic refocusing initiative', 'priority development projects', 'historical core business', 'Ecole Centrale Paris', 'long-term performance', 'executive committee', 'environmentally-friendly servers', 'international projects', 'industrial refocusing', 'business model', 'business lines', 'Press release', 'Philippe Jeannot', 'new role', 'operational, administrative', 'sales activities', 'main tasks', 'Alain Wilmouth', 'management positions', 'TSA Industries', 'Cosma Experts', 'company transformations', 'regulated market', 'entire Group', 'The Group', 'BtoB sectors', ""30 years' experience"", 'manufacturing sector', 'career path', 'innovative solutions', 'Euronext Growth', '2CRSi group', 'appointment', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'engineer', 'training', 'majority', 'part', 'subsidiaries', 'processes', 'teams', 'member', 'Chairman', 'strategy', 'graduate', 'mid-caps', 'variety', 'Alternium', 'Hypred', 'opportunity', 'benefit', 'revenue', '390 employees', 'offer', 'processing', 'storage', 'network', '50 countries', 'June', 'shares', '25 November']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27167,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698682/0/en/COFACE-SA-Disclosure-of-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-in-the-capital-as-at-30-June-2023.html,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 30 June 2023,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 30 June 2023  Paris  3rd July 2023 – 17.45 Total Number...,About CofaceCOFACE SA is a société anonyme (joint-stock corporation)  with a Board of Directors (Conseil d’Administration) incorporated under the laws of France  and is governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. The Company is registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) under the number 432 413 599. The Company’s registered office is at 1 Place Costes et Bellonte  92270 Bois Colombes  France.At the date of 30 June 2023  the Company’s share capital amounts to €300 359 584  divided into 150 179 792 shares  all of the same class  and all of which are fully paid up and subscribed.All regulated information is available on the company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors).Coface SA. is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment AISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFA,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'voting rights', 'total number', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', '30\xa0June', 'société anonyme', 'French Commercial Code', 'Sociétés', 'joint-stock corporation', 'Nanterre Trade', 'Companies Register', 'Registre du', 'registered office', '1 Place Costes', 'Bois Colombes', 'share capital', 'same class', 'regulated information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'COFACE SA', 'The Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Conseil', 'laws', 'France', 'provisions', 'Commerce', 'number', 'Bellonte', 'date', '30 June', '150,179,792 shares', 'website', 'Investors', 'ISIN', 'Ticker']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27168,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LATECOERE-5010/news/Latecoere-Inside-Information-Operations-of-the-issuer-acquisitions-sales--44250505/,Latecoere : Inside Information / Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  sales...),(marketscreener.com)   Toulouse  July 3  2023   Latecoere completes the sale of its Electrical Wiring and Interconnection Systems business in Querétaro to Bombardier   Following from its press release dated 7 March  2023 and the fulfilment of all cond…,Toulouse  July 3  2023Latecoere completes the sale of its Electrical Wiring and Interconnection Systems business in Querétaro (Mexico) to BombardierFollowing from its press release dated 7 March  2023 and the fulfilment of all conditions precedent to closing the purchase agreement  Latecoere confirms the completion of the sale of its Electrical Wiring and Interconnection Systems (EWIS) business in Querétaro  Mexico to Bombardier.About LatecoereTier 1 to the world's leading industry manufacturers (Airbus  BAE Systems  Boeing  Bombardier  Dassault Aviation  Embraer  Lockheed Martin  Raytheon Technologies  Thales)  Latecoere serves aerospace with innovative solutions for a sustainable world. The Group operates in all segments of the aerospace industry (commercial  regional  business  defense and space) in two business areas:Aerostructures (55% of sales): doors  fuselage  wings and empennage  struts & rods and customer services;Interconnection Systems (45% of sales): wiring  avionic racks  onboard equipment  electronic systems and customer services.As of December 31  2022  the Group employed 5 918 people in 14 countries. Latecoere is listed on Euronext Paris - Compartment B  ISIN Code: FR0000032278 - Reuters: AEP.PA - Bloomberg: AT.FPContactThierry Mahé / Media Relations +33 (0)6 60 69 63 85 LatecoereGroupCommunication@latecoere.aero,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Inside Information', 'Latecoere', 'Operations', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'sales', 'AT.FP Contact', 'commercial, regional, business', 'two business areas', 'leading industry manufacturers', 'Interconnection Systems business', 'EWIS) business', 'BAE Systems', 'electronic systems', 'Querétaro', 'press release', 'purchase agreement', 'Dassault Aviation', 'Lockheed Martin', 'Raytheon Technologies', 'innovative solutions', 'aerospace industry', 'customer services', 'avionic racks', 'onboard equipment', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment B', 'ISIN Code', 'Thierry Mahé', 'Media Relations', 'Electrical Wiring', 'sustainable world', 'The Group', 'Toulouse', 'July', 'Latecoere', 'sale', 'Mexico', 'Bombardier', 'fulfilment', 'conditions', 'completion', 'Tier', 'Airbus', 'Boeing', 'Embraer', 'Thales', 'segments', 'defense', 'Aerostructures', 'doors', 'fuselage', 'wings', 'empennage', 'struts', 'rods', 'December', '5,918 people', '14 countries', 'Reuters', 'AEP.', 'Bloomberg']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27169,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PLAYTECH-PLC-11002037/news/Playtech-announces-Poker-partnership-with-La-Francaise-des-Jeux-44251150/,Playtech : announces Poker partnership with La Française des Jeux,(marketscreener.com)   London  03 July 2023 - Playtech is very pleased to announce its partnership with La Française des Jeux   France's leading gaming operator  to provide Playtech's Poker network services and content.   FDJ joins Playtech's extensive i…,"London  03 July 2023 - Playtech is very pleased to announce its partnership with La Française des Jeux (FDJ)  France's leading gaming operator  to provide Playtech's Poker network services and content.FDJ joins Playtech's extensive iPoker.EU Network  one of Europe's biggest liquidity pools backed by industry-leading software and fully aligned with regulations across all key markets. The wider service and content package includes cash tables  Poker tournaments and Playtech's flagship Poker game - Twister Poker. The partnership represents the continued growth of Playtech as a Poker supplier across the expanding French market  which generated 10.70 bn Euros in 2021 - a YoY increase of 7%*.Marat Koss  VP of Interactive Gaming at Playtech  comments: ""We are very proud that FDJ has chosen Playtech as its partner. The addition of FDJ to our iPoker.EU is a vital step in the network's expansion as the buoyancy of the French online gambling market continues  where we get to showcase our extensive product and technology range. We look forward to a long and successful partnership with FDJ.""Richard Courtois  CEO of Sports Betting and online gamingopen to competition  adds: ""Playtech has a great track record as a poker network and content provider in Europe's regulated markets  and the company's involvement in our selection process demonstrated a clear commitment and a deep understanding of our long-term strategy in France. Thanks to Playtech  we are pleased to offer our players a new range of games. This move enables FDJ to complete its presence in the French online gaming market open to competition  based on a business model that combines performance and responsibility to keep gaming fun.*Source: French Gambling Market Generates Gross Gambling Revenue of €10.7B in 2021 - European Gaming Industry News- Ends -About PlaytechFounded in 1999 and premium listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange  Playtech is a technology leader in the gambling industry with over 7 000 employees across 20 countries.Playtech is the gambling industry's leading technology company delivering business intelligence driven gambling software  services  content and platform technology across the industry's most popular product verticals  including  casino  live casino  sports betting  virtual sports  bingo and poker. It is the pioneer of omni-channel gambling technology through its integrated platform technology  Playtech ONE. Playtech ONE delivers data driven marketing expertise  single wallet functionality  CRM and responsible gambling solutions across one single platform across product verticals and across retail and online.Playtech partners with and invests in the leading brands in regulated and newly regulated markets to deliver its data driven gambling technology across the retail and online value chain. Playtech provides its technology on a B2B basis to the industry's leading retail and online operators  land-based casino groups and government sponsored entities such as lotteries. Playtech directly owns and operates Snaitech  the leading sports betting and gaming company in online and retail in Italy.www.playtech.comFor further information please contact:Headland Consultancy Tom James  Felix Zadek-Ewing +44 (0)20 3805 4822 M: +44 (0) 7818594991About La Française des Jeux (FDJ Group)France's leading gaming operator and one of the industry leaders worldwide  FDJ offers responsible gaming to the general public in the form of lottery games (draws and instant games)  sports betting (through its ParionsSport point de vente et ParionsSport en ligne brands) and poker. FDJ's performance is driven by a large portfolio of iconic brands  the #1 local sales network in France  a growing market  and recurring investments. The Group implements a strategy of innovation to increase the attractiveness of its gaming and service offering across all distribution channels  with a responsible gaming experience.FDJ Group is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A - FDJ.PA) and is part of the SBF 120  Euronext 100  Euronext Vigeo 20  EN EZ ESG L 80  STOXX Europe 600  MSCI Europe and FTSE Euro indices.For further information  www.groupefdj.comMedia Contact+33 (0)1 41 10 33 82 | servicedepresse@lfdj.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['La Française des Jeux', 'Poker partnership', 'Playtech', 'La Française des', 'data driven marketing expertise', 'Headland Consultancy Tom James', 'EN EZ ESG L', 'data driven gambling technology', 'European Gaming Industry News', 'French online gambling market', 'extensive iPoker.EU Network', 'French online gaming market', 'French Gambling Market', 'expanding French market', 'Gross Gambling Revenue', 'biggest liquidity pools', 'great track record', 'single wallet functionality', 'government sponsored entities', 'FTSE Euro indices', 'responsible gambling solutions', 'omni-channel gambling technology', 'online value chain', 'leading gaming operator', 'responsible gaming experience', 'integrated platform technology', 'flagship Poker game', 'London Stock Exchange', 'one single platform', 'land-based casino groups', 'ParionsSport point de', 'popular product verticals', 'leading technology company', 'leading sports betting', 'Poker network services', 'extensive product', 'gambling software', 'Main Market', 'growing market', 'leading brands', 'regulated market', 'Interactive Gaming', 'gaming fun', 'gaming company', 'technology range', 'technology leader', 'online gamingopen', 'online operators', 'virtual sports', 'industry-leading software', 'key markets', 'wider service', 'cash tables', 'Poker tournaments', 'Twister Poker', 'continued growth', 'Poker supplier', '10.70 bn Euros', 'YoY increase', 'Marat Koss', 'vital step', 'Richard Courtois', 'selection process', 'clear commitment', 'deep understanding', 'new range', 'business model', 'business intelligence', 'live casino', 'B2B basis', 'Felix Zadek-Ewing', 'general public', 'ligne brands', 'large portfolio', 'iconic brands', 'recurring investments', 'The Group', 'service offering', 'distribution channels', 'Compartment A', 'Media Contact', 'leading retail', 'industry leaders', 'lottery games', 'instant games', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'Playtech ONE', 'content package', 'content provider', 'long-term strategy', 'successful partnership', 'MSCI Europe', 'FDJ Group', 'Playtech partners', 'Jeux', 'France', 'regulations', 'VP', 'addition', 'expansion', 'buoyancy', 'CEO', 'competition', 'involvement', 'players', 'move', 'presence', 'performance', 'responsibility', 'Ends', '7,000 employees', '20 countries', 'bingo', 'pioneer', 'CRM', 'lotteries', 'Snaitech', 'Italy', 'information', 'draws', 'vente', 'innovation', 'attractiveness', 'SBF', 'lfdj', '03']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27170,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notifications-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC-44250035/,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – July 3  2023 – 8.00 AM CET Oxurion NV a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal dis…,Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – July 3  2023 – 8.00AM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received transparency notifications as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on June 30  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of June 22  2023  it held 12 842 758 shares of the then outstanding 1 265 917 890 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of the sale of voting securities. See Annex 1.Oxurion received a transparency notification on June 30  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of June 27  2023  it held 73 004 542 shares of the then outstanding 1 338 922 432 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (5%) by virtue of the acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 2.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1ANNEX 2Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.21,0.52,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notifications', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Tom Graney Chief Executive Officer', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', '8.00AM CET Oxurion NV', 'Chief Business Officer', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notifications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 1,265,917,890 shares', 'outstanding 1,338,922,432 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 2 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '12,842,758 shares', '73,004,542 shares', 'ANNEX 1', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'July', 'June', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27171,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WALLIX-GROUP-22497377/news/Wallix-Group-WALLIX-announces-the-completion-of-its-convertible-bond-issue-44250055/,Wallix Group :  WALLIX announces the completion of its convertible bond issue,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  3 July 2023 - WALLIX   a European cybersecurity software developer and expert in privileged access management   announces the completion of its bond issue in the form of bonds convertible into shares for a total amount of €5 mil…,"Paris  3 July 2023 - WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software developer and expert in privileged access management (PAM)  announces the completion of its bond issue in the form of bonds convertible into shares (""OCA 2023"") for a total amount of €5 million  the terms of which were announced at the beginning of June 2023 (press release).Coupled with the €5.5 million capital increase carried out in early June 2023 and the arrangement of bank debt of around €2.5 million  the terms of which are currently being finalized  this transaction brings to €13 million the additional funds available to ramp up the implementation of the acquisition limb of the Unicorn 25 plan. WALLIX intends to pursue its acquisition plan by focusing simultaneously on enhancing and expanding its expertise across certain strategic segments of Identity and Access Management (IAM) and industrial cybersecurity  while strengthening its client base.The main characteristics of the OCA 2023 convertible bond issue are as follows:Loan amount €5.0 million Bond maturity 4 tranches from December 31  2026 to December 31  2029 Annual coupon 6% Conversion price €16 Annual non-conversion premium 8% (non-compounded)ABOUT WALLIXWALLIX is the European specialist in access and digital identity security and the world leader in PAM (Privileged Access Management). Its technologies enable organizations to meet today's challenges in IT network protection and data security. They also provide detection and resilience to cyberattacks and protect organizations' digital assets in addition to maintaining business continuity of IT systems  in the cloud  and in industrial networks. These technologies simplify compliance with regulatory requirements for access to critical IT infrastructure and data. With its PAM4ALL  PAM4OT  and Trustelem solutions  WALLIX helps its customers modernize their information systems and put cybersecurity at the service of their digital transformation. The company relies on a network of certified distributors  resellers  and integrators to support more than 2 000 organizations worldwide in all sectors of the economy. The company is listed on Euronext (ALLIX). The founders and managers  as well as the investment structure T.D.H (Thierry Dassault Holding) are the historical reference shareholders.OT.security by WALLIX is a brand dedicated to the security of digital access and identities in industrial environments.WALLIX affirms its digital responsibility and is committed to contributing to the construction of a trusted European digital space  guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of data for organizations as well as for individuals concerned about the protection of their digital identity and privacy. Digital technology  whether for professional or personal use  must be ethical and responsible in order to pursue a secure societal digital transformation that respects individual freedoms.www.wallix.com | info@wallix.comFINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONACTUS Finance & CommunicationInvestors Relations - Hélène DE WATTEVILLE+33 1 53 67 36 33 / wallix@actus.frPress Relations - Déborah SCHWARTZ+33 6 27 09 05 73 / dschwartz@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mZualZyXaJyZx2tulp2ZmZRmZpyUlWXGaJTJx2ialp7JaW5knZhna8qVZnFhnGZn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80711-wallix_closing_obligation_ven.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['convertible bond issue', 'Wallix Group', 'completion', 'Hélène DE WATTEVILLE', 'trusted European digital space', 'European cybersecurity software developer', 'secure societal digital transformation', 'OCA 2023 convertible bond issue', 'T.D.H', '€5.5 million capital increase', 'Bond maturity 4 tranches', 'Thierry Dassault Holding', 'historical reference shareholders', 'Déborah SCHWARTZ', 'critical IT infrastructure', 'Annual non-conversion premium', 'Communication Investors Relations', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'privileged access management', ""organizations' digital assets"", 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'digital identity security', 'IT network protection', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'European specialist', 'Press Relations', 'IT systems', 'digital access', 'digital responsibility', 'Digital technology', 'Annual coupon', 'FINANCIAL COMMUNICATION', 'other releases', 'industrial cybersecurity', 'OT.security', 'total amount', 'bank debt', 'additional funds', 'acquisition limb', 'Unicorn 25 plan', 'acquisition plan', 'strategic segments', 'client base', 'main characteristics', 'Loan amount', 'Conversion price', 'world leader', 'business continuity', 'industrial networks', 'regulatory requirements', 'Trustelem solutions', 'certified distributors', 'investment structure', 'industrial environments', 'personal use', 'individual freedoms', 'information systems', 'Regulated information', 'early June', 'data security', 'ACTUS Finance', 'Euronext ALLIX', '2,000 organizations', 'Paris', 'WALLIX', 'expert', 'PAM', 'completion', 'bonds', 'shares', 'terms', 'beginning', 'arrangement', 'transaction', 'implementation', 'IAM', 'December', 'technologies', 'today', 'challenges', 'detection', 'resilience', 'cyberattacks', 'cloud', 'compliance', 'customers', 'service', 'company', 'resellers', 'integrators', 'sectors', 'economy', 'founders', 'managers', 'brand', 'identities', 'construction', 'confidentiality', 'individuals', 'privacy', 'professional', 'order', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '1']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27172,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698547/0/en/Information-on-share-capital-and-voting-rights-June-2023.html,Information on share capital and voting rights - June 2023,Information on share capital and voting rights June 2023  Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and...,English FrenchInformation on share capital and voting rightsJune 2023Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and articles 221-1 2 ° f) and 223-16 of the AMF Regulations.July 3rd  2023Statement made by:Nexans S.A.Registered office : 4 Allée de l’Arche - 92400 CourbevoieRCS Nanterre 393 525 852Regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A)DateTotal number of sharesTotal number of voting rights Theorical (1) Exercisable (2) June 30th  2023 43 753 380 43 753 380 43 706 473(1) Calculated based on all shares with voting rights  including treasury shares stripped of voting rights (Art. 223-11 of AMF General Regulations).(2) For information  excluding treasury shares stripped of voting rights  excluding liquidity contract.Provision of Nexans articles of association requiring shareholders to declare the crossing of threshold other than the legal thresholds: yes.Extract of article 7 of Nexans articles of association: “Fully paid up shares may be registered or bearer at the option of the shareholder. In addition to the legal obligation to inform the company when certain fractions of the share capital are held  any natural or legal person and/or shareholder owning a number of shares in the company equal to or greater than 2 % of the share capital or voting rights must notify the company of the total number of shares held  within a period of fifteen days from the time the threshold is crossed  by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt. A further notification must be sent  in accordance with the conditions hereof  each time that a multiple of 2 % is reached.”Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['share capital', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'June', 'French commercial Code', 'AMF General Regulations', 'Nexans S.A.', 'AMF Regulations', 'English French', 'Compartment A', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Registered office', '4 Allée', 'RCS Nanterre', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'liquidity contract', 'Nexans articles', 'legal thresholds', 'legal obligation', 'legal person', 'fifteen days', 'Total number', 'article L.', 'treasury shares', 'Information', 'June', 'Statement', 'accordance', '92400 Courbevoie', 'Date', 'Art.', 'Provision', 'association', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'Extract', 'option', 'addition', 'company', 'fractions', 'natural', 'period', 'time', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'notification', 'conditions', 'multiple', 'Attachment', '2 °']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27173,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698676/0/en/Fnac-Darty-information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-30-June-2023.html,Fnac Darty: information on the total number of voting rights and shares - 30 June 2023,Ivry  3 July 2023  Regulated information  INFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES  Statement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II...,French EnglishIvry  3 July 2023Regulated informationINFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESStatement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial code and article 223- 16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des marchés financiers)Stock Market Euronext ParisISIN Code FR0011476928DateTotal number of shares composing the share capital of the company Total number of gross voting rightsTotal number of net voting rights (*) 30/06/2023 27 242 962 27 242 962 27 095 233(*) Net = After deduction of the shares deprived of voting rightIn accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  any physical or legal person  acting alone or in concert  who comes to hold  or ceases to hold  directly or indirectly  a percentage of the company's capital or voting rights equal to or greater than 3% or any multiple of 1% above 3%  is required to inform the company by registered letter with return receipt requested within the time limit provided for in Article R. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  as of today  at the latest before the close of trading on the fourth trading day following the day on which the shareholding threshold is crossed).Under the terms of the twentieth resolution of the General Meeting of 29 May 2015  it was decided not to grant any double voting rights as instituted by law 2014-384 of 29 March 2014.CONTACTANALYSTS /INVESTORS investisseurs@fnacdarty.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['Fnac Darty', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'information', 'shares', '30 June', 'Stock Market Euronext Paris', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'des marchés financiers', 'French commercial code', 'gross voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net voting rights', 'fourth trading day', 'French English', 'ISIN Code', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'General Regulation', 'legal person', 'return receipt', 'time limit', 'shareholding threshold', 'twentieth resolution', 'General Meeting', 'INVESTORS investisseurs', 'Regulated information', 'article L.', 'share capital', 'Article R.', '29 March', 'Ivry', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Statement', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'Date', 'company', 'deduction', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'physical', 'concert', 'percentage', 'letter', 'today', 'close', 'terms', '29 May', 'law', 'CONTACT', 'ANALYSTS', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27174,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698685/0/en/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 3 July 2023  Share Transactions Disclosure  FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made...,Press ReleaseParis – 3 July 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 26 June to 30 June 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-06-28 BUY 1 9.050000 9.05 XAMS 2023-06-28 SELL 701 9.100000 6 379.10 XAMS 2023-06-29 BUY 219 9.045434 1 980.95 XAMS 2023-06-30 SELL 2 9.050000 18.10 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaH1 2023 results: 2 August 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'H1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '3 July', 'shares', '26 June', '30 June', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '15 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '2 August', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27175,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALLOUREC-444831/news/Vallourec-Invitation-to-Q2-H1-2023-Conference-Call-44254803/,Vallourec: Invitation to Q2 & H1 2023 Conference Call,(marketscreener.com) Q2 & H1 2023 Results Release and Conference CallFriday  July 28th  2023 Vallourec will publish Second Quarter and First Half 2023 Results on July 28th  2023 at 07:30 CET. Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Offic…,Q2 & H12023Results Release and Conference CallFriday  July28th  2023Vallourec will publish Second Quarter and First Half 202 3 Results on July 28 th   202 3 at 07:30 CET .Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  and Sascha Bibert  Chief Financial Officer are pleased to invite you to a presentation of the results via conference call and audiocast at 09:30 CET .To connect to the audiocast (live and replay)  please visit:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vallourec-en/20230728_1/To participate in the call  please dial:UK (Standard International Access): +44 (0) 33 0551 0200US: +1 786 697 3501FR: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66Password: VallourecThe presentation will be available from 09:00 CET on Vallourec’s website:https://www.vallourec.com/en/investorsAbout VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.www.vallourec.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['H1 2023 Conference Call', 'Vallourec', 'Invitation', 'Q2', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'cutting edge R&D', 'new generation power plants', 'new technological frontiers', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Standard International Access', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'First Half 202 3 Results', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'H12023Results Release', 'Second Quarter', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'Sascha Bibert', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Ticker VK', 'Conference Call', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Q2', 'Friday', 'July', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'presentation', 'audiocast', 'channel', 'royalcast', 'landingpage', 'UK', 'Password', '09:00 CET', 'website', 'investors', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'Attachment', '07:30', '09:30', '44']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27176,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698268/0/en/Sercel-Wins-Multiple-Mega-Crew-Equipment-Contracts-in-the-Middle-East.html,Sercel Wins Multiple Mega Crew Equipment Contracts in the Middle East,Paris  France – July 3  2023           CGG announced today that Sercel has been awarded multiple major equipment contracts by BGP Inc.  a worldwide...,"English FrenchParis  France – July 3  2023CGG announced today that Sercel has been awarded multiple major equipment contracts by BGP Inc.  a worldwide leading geophysical services provider. The contracts include the delivery of 54 Nomad 65 Neo vibrator trucks and 29 000 GPR300 seabed nodes. The equipment will be used this year on several major onshore and OBN seismic surveys conducted in the Middle East.Meng Qingbing  President of BGP International  said: ""Throughout BGP’s long-term cooperation with Sercel we have been impressed by their agility in anticipating our needs and meeting our tight deadlines. We are confident that we will continue this relationship with renewed success.""Emmanuelle Dubu  Sercel CEO  said: “These major equipment sales strengthen Sercel’s already long-established presence in the Middle East. We are particularly pleased to see our GPR300 nodal system continuing to gain ground as a preferred OBN solution. Featuring Sercel's field-proven QuietSeis® broadband digital sensor technology  the GPR records the highest-quality data for the most accurate imaging in all seabed environments  including shallow water  as for this award in the Middle East. BGP's long-term loyalty reflects their complete satisfaction with our advanced technology and expertise.”About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Multiple Mega Crew Equipment Contracts', 'Middle East', 'Sercel', 'field-proven QuietSeis® broadband digital sensor technology', 'complex digital, energy transition', '54 Nomad 65 Neo vibrator trucks', 'leading geophysical services provider', 'multiple major equipment contracts', 'several major onshore', 'OBN seismic surveys', 'major equipment sales', 'GPR300 nodal system', 'preferred OBN solution', 'Contacts Group Communications', '29,000 GPR300 seabed nodes', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'advanced technology', 'global technology', 'seabed environments', 'English French', 'Middle East', 'Meng Qingbing', 'long-term cooperation', 'tight deadlines', 'Emmanuelle Dubu', 'accurate imaging', 'shallow water', 'long-term loyalty', 'complete satisfaction', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'highest-quality data', 'data science', 'BGP Inc.', 'BGP International', 'Christophe Barnini', 'Sercel CEO', 'France', 'July', 'CGG', 'worldwide', 'delivery', 'President', 'agility', 'needs', 'relationship', 'success', 'presence', 'ground', 'award', 'expertise', 'products', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27177,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CGG-4653/news/Sercel-Wins-Multiple-Mega-Crew-Equipment-Contracts-in-the-Middle-East-44249853/,Sercel Wins Multiple Mega Crew Equipment Contracts in the Middle East,(marketscreener.com) Paris  France – July 3  2023         CGG announced today that Sercel has been awarded multiple major equipment contracts by BGP Inc.  a worldwide leading geophysical services provider. The contracts include the delivery of 54 Nomad 65 Neo…,"Paris  France – July3  2023CGG announced today that Sercel has been awarded multiple major equipment contracts by BGP Inc.  a worldwide leading geophysical services provider. The contracts include the delivery of 54 Nomad 65 Neo vibrator trucks and 29 000 GPR300 seabed nodes. The equipment will be used this year on several major onshore and OBN seismic surveys conducted in the Middle East.Meng Qingbing  President of BGP International  said: ""Throughout BGP’s long-term cooperation with Sercel we have been impressed by their agility in anticipating our needs and meeting our tight deadlines. We are confident that we will continue this relationship with renewed success.""Emmanuelle Dubu  Sercel CEO  said: “These major equipment sales strengthen Sercel’s already long-established presence in the Middle East. We are particularly pleased to see our GPR300 nodal system continuing to gain ground as a preferred OBN solution. Featuring Sercel'sfield-proven QuietSeis®broadband digital sensor technology  the GPRrecords the highest-quality data for the most accurate imaging in all seabed environments  including shallow water  as for this award in the Middle East. BGP's long-term loyalty reflects their complete satisfaction with our advanced technology and expertise.”About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.94,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Multiple Mega Crew Equipment Contracts', 'Middle East', 'Sercel', 'QuietSeis®broadband digital sensor technology', 'complex digital, energy transition', '54 Nomad 65 Neo vibrator trucks', 'leading geophysical services provider', 'multiple major equipment contracts', 'several major onshore', 'OBN seismic surveys', 'major equipment sales', 'GPR300 nodal system', 'preferred OBN solution', 'Contacts Group Communications', '29,000 GPR300 seabed nodes', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'advanced technology', 'global technology', 'seabed environments', 'Middle East', 'Meng Qingbing', 'long-term cooperation', 'tight deadlines', 'Emmanuelle Dubu', 'accurate imaging', 'shallow water', 'long-term loyalty', 'complete satisfaction', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'highest-quality data', 'data science', 'BGP Inc.', 'BGP International', 'Christophe Barnini', 'Sercel CEO', 'France', 'July', 'CGG', 'worldwide', 'delivery', 'President', 'agility', 'needs', 'relationship', 'success', 'presence', 'ground', 'GPRrecords', 'award', 'expertise', 'products', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27178,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698704/0/en/Vallourec-Invitation-to-Q2-H1-2023-Conference-Call.html,Vallourec: Invitation to Q2 & H1 2023 Conference Call,Q2 & H1 2023 Results Release and Conference CallFriday  July 28th  2023  Vallourec will publish Second Quarter and First Half 2023 Results on July......,Q2 & H1 2023 Results Release and Conference CallFriday  July 28th  2023Vallourec will publish Second Quarter and First Half 202 3 Results on July 28 th   202 3 at 07:30 CET .Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  and Sascha Bibert  Chief Financial Officer are pleased to invite you to a presentation of the results via conference call and audiocast at 09:30 CET .To connect to the audiocast (live and replay)  please visit: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vallourec-en/20230728_1/To participate in the call  please dial:UK (Standard International Access): +44 (0) 33 0551 0200US: +1 786 697 3501FR: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66Password: VallourecThe presentation will be available from 09:00 CET on Vallourec’s website: https://www.vallourec.com/en/investorsAbout VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.www.vallourec.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['H1 2023 Conference Call', 'Vallourec', 'Invitation', 'Q2', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'cutting edge R&D', 'new generation power plants', 'new technological frontiers', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Standard International Access', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'H1 2023 Results Release', 'First Half 202 3 Results', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'Second Quarter', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'Sascha Bibert', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Ticker VK', 'Conference Call', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Q2', 'Friday', 'July', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'presentation', 'audiocast', 'royalcast', 'landingpage', 'UK', 'Password', '09:00 CET', 'website', 'investors', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'Attachment', '07:30', '09:30']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27179,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/index/FTSE-MIB-INDEX-121229431/news/Venture-tech-builder-AATech-lands-on-Piazza-Affari-44251981/,Venture tech builder AATech lands on Piazza Affari,(marketscreener.com) AATech Spa made its debut on Piazza Affari on Monday after a EUR1.6 million IPO  becoming the 12th company to land on the Italian stock exchange since the beginning of the year AATechis an Italian venture tech builder operating in the fin…,"(Alliance News) - AATech Spa made its debut on Piazza Affari on Monday after a EUR1.6 million IPO  becoming the 12th company to land on the Italian stock exchange since the beginning of the yearAATechis an Italian venture tech builder operating in the fintech and energy transition sectors. The company  through a process of continuous innovation  identifies new technologies in these sectors  with the intent  after their validation  to develop them as stand-alone companies.Alessandro Andreozzi  president and CEO of AATech  commented  ""The listing of AATech is a wonderful achievement  not only for our group but for the whole ecosystem of Italian innovation in fintech and energy transition. Investors  believe in our project and our business model  based on technology and the push towards sustainability. Finally  we believe that the result was influenced by the confidence in the competence of our team  made up of professionals with long experience in the field in Italy and abroad.""""The listing on Euronext Growth Milan for AATech is the beginning of a path of growth aimed at consolidating our group in the role of leading player at the national level; we will continue to invest in our platform and in the quality of our offer  in order to satisfy an increasingly demanding clientele  which will be the first to benefit. We are ready to ride the wave of future technologies and also aim to do so through targeted acquisitions of technology partners.""AATech's stock is suspended for excess volatility  with a technical upside of 50 percent.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.23,0.24,True,English,"['Venture tech builder', 'Piazza Affari', 'AATech', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'Italian venture tech builder', 'EUR1.6 million IPO', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'Italian stock exchange', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'energy transition sectors', 'Italian innovation', 'Piazza Affari', 'continuous innovation', 'new technologies', 'stand-alone companies', 'Alessandro Andreozzi', 'wonderful achievement', 'business model', 'long experience', 'leading player', 'national level', 'demanding clientele', 'future technologies', 'targeted acquisitions', 'excess volatility', 'technical upside', '12th company', 'technology partners', 'AATech Spa', 'debut', 'Monday', 'beginning', 'year', 'AATechis', 'fintech', 'process', 'intent', 'validation', 'president', 'CEO', 'listing', 'group', 'ecosystem', 'Investors', 'project', 'push', 'sustainability', 'result', 'confidence', 'competence', 'team', 'professionals', 'field', 'Italy', 'path', 'role', 'platform', 'quality', 'offer', 'order', 'wave', '50 percent', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27180,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALTECNE-S-P-A-150803613/news/Valtecne-selects-Michela-Ferrari-as-new-chief-financial-officer-44254850/,Valtecne selects Michela Ferrari as new chief financial officer,"(marketscreener.com) Valtecne Spa announced Monday that it has appointed Michela Ferrari as the company's new Chief Financial Officer  effective today. Ferrari replaces Fabiano Gusmeroli-also HR until now-who will focus on the latter function  ""taking into ac…","(Alliance News) - Valtecne Spa announced Monday that it has appointed Michela Ferrari as the company's new Chief Financial Officer  effective today.Ferrari replaces Fabiano Gusmeroli-also HR until now-who will focus on the latter function  ""taking into account the dimensional growth of the company "" as explained by the company.In his role  for which he will report directly to Valtecne's general manager  Adolfo Ottonello  Ferrari will be responsible for strengthening Valtecne's financial strategy  coordinating the management of business planning and development processes for economic-financial aspects  as well as making a quality technical contribution to M&A projects.Paolo Mainetti  CEO of Valtecne  said  ""I am thrilled to welcome Michela Ferrari as Valtecne's new CFO. At a time of rapid development for our company  we felt it was important to bring on board someone like Michela Ferrari  who brings with her a unique combination of skills and strong determination. Ferrari's appointment fits into our strategic path of strengthening our organizational structure and managerial roles. Her experience and knowledge will enable us to expand our competencies in a way that is consistent with our Group development and growth strategy  especially after our recent listing on the Italian Stock Exchange.""""The appointment follows just a few days after CFO SIM's appointment as Euronext Growth Advisor and Corporate Broker  which we are convinced will give further impetus to the company's promotion to major national and international investors. Valtecne's commitment to support and promote the stock thus continues  aware of its value and growth prospects.""Valtecne's stock closed Monday unchanged at EUR4.90 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.0,True,English,"['new chief financial officer', 'Michela Ferrari', 'Valtecne', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'new Chief Financial Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'quality technical contribution', 'M&A projects', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'financial strategy', 'new CFO', 'Fabiano Gusmeroli', 'latter function', 'general manager', 'Adolfo Ottonello', 'business planning', 'development processes', 'economic-financial aspects', 'Paolo Mainetti', 'rapid development', 'unique combination', 'strong determination', 'strategic path', 'organizational structure', 'managerial roles', 'Group development', 'growth strategy', 'recent listing', 'CFO SIM', 'Corporate Broker', 'major national', 'international investors', 'growth prospects', 'Michela Ferrari', 'Valtecne Spa', 'company', 'HR', 'account', 'management', 'CEO', 'time', 'board', 'someone', 'skills', 'appointment', 'experience', 'knowledge', 'competencies', 'way', 'impetus', 'promotion', 'commitment', 'value', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27181,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KENMARE-RESOURCES-PLC-30340902/news/Board-Update-44253957/,Board Update,(marketscreener.com) Kenmare Resources plc   3 July 2023   Board Update - Notification Under Listing Rule 9.6.11 Kenmare Resources plc   one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in nor…,Kenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)3 July 2023Board Update - Notification Under Listing Rule 9.6.11Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in northern Mozambique  announces that Mette Dobel will join the Company’s Remuneration Committee with effect from 1 September 2023.For further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Michael StarkeInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 036Murray (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 609 0221About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 7% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of-life items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.Forward Looking StatementsThis announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent Kenmare's expectations for its business  based on current expectations about future events  which by their nature involve risks and uncertainties. Kenmare believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking statements are reasonable. However  because they involve risk and uncertainty  which are in some cases beyond Kenmare's control  actual results or performance may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information.,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.09,0.64,True,English,"['Board Update', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'global titanium feedstocks', 'Paul O’Kane', 'mineral sands products', 'London Stock Exchange', 'United States dollars', 'leading global producers', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'largest producers', 'Board Update', 'Listing Rule', 'Mette Dobel', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Jeremy Dibb', 'Michael Starke', 'Investor Relations', 'PR advisor', 'Euronext Dublin', 'raw materials', 'everyday quality', 'life items', 'ceramic tiles', 'monetary amounts', 'future events', 'actual results', 'forward-looking statements', 'northern Mozambique', 'looking information', 'current expectations', 'Company', 'Group', 'July', 'Notification', 'KMR', 'ISE', 'zircon', 'effect', '1 September', 'Tel', 'Mob', 'Murray', 'pokane', 'ie', 'world', 'production', 'customers', 'paints', 'plastics', 'announcement', 'business', 'nature', 'risks', 'assumptions', 'respect', 'uncertainty', 'cases', 'control', 'performance']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27182,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SES-IMAGOTAG-5151/news/Ses-imagotag-SES-imagotag-Further-Expansion-in-the-U-S-44249772/,Ses-imagotag :  SES-imagotag: Further Expansion in the U.S.,(marketscreener.com)  SES-imagotag:Further Expansion in the U.S.SES-imagotag    the global leader in digital solutions for physical commerce  announced new roll-out contracts in several retail verticals: convenience stores  grocery retail and home improv…,"SES-imagotag:Further Expansion in the U.S.SES-imagotag  (Euronext: SESL  FR0010282822)  the global leader in digital solutions for physical commerce  announced new roll-out contracts in several retail verticals: convenience stores  grocery retail and home improvement specialty retail. Following the Walmart announcement  the first semester wins will bring the installed base in North America to approx. 6 000 stores  and strengthen SES-imagotag's leadership position in the region.A leading U.S. Convenience Store Chain to deploy VUSION in 800+ stores.SES-imagotag signed a contract with one of the largest US convenience store chains to deploy the VUSION IoT Cloud platform and smart labels at more than 800 locations. The agreement between the two companies spans over the next 12 to 18 months. VUSION will enable the retail chain to better manage its stores by centrally automating and controlling prices and promotions  and by streamlining its operations. The C-Store chain will also benefit from the Cloud to manage and monitor centrally its IoT at all times.Further deployment of a leading U.S. regional grocery retailer to reach 350 supermarkets.After a successful first roll-out phase  one of the largest US regional grocers has signed a new agreement to further deploy the VUSION IoT Cloud platform and digital tags to reach a total of 350 locations. By leveraging VUSION  this grocery retailer is now able to automate manual processes and redeploy associates to focus on higher-value customer facing activities.New roll-out of a non-food specialist retailer in 250 showrooms.A leading US specialty retailer in home improvement also adopted SES-imagotag's VUSION IoT Cloud platform and ESLs to enhance the customer experience in over 250 of its showrooms nationwide. Leveraging the IoT solutions provided by SES-imagotag  the retailer's customers will now benefit from a more intuitive online to offline shopping experience through real-time product pricing  stock levels  and detailed product information.Philippe Bottine  CEO of SES-imagotag North America commented: « Our growth in North America has accelerated in H1  and across many verticals: general merchandise  grocery  convenience stores  specialty retail. Our footprint in North America will expand to approx. 6 000 stores thanks to the recent deals signed in the U.S. In addition to the major contract signed with Walmart  which is a key component of our strategy in North America  I am especially excited to enter the very high-potential market of convenience stores  to further accelerate our footprint in the strategic market of regional grocers and to further expand into another new specialty retail market which adds to our rapidly increasing customer portfolio. North America will concentrate a large part of the Group's growth in the years to come  and play a decisive part to achieve our Vusion '27 strategic plan.”About SES-imagotag and the VUSION Retail IoT platformSES-imagotag is a world leader in smart digital labels and IoT solutions for physical retail  serving over 350 large retailer groups around the world in Europe  Asia  and North America.SES-imagotag has developed the VUSION Retail IOT technology platform to help retailers transform their physical stores into high value digital assets  more automated  data-driven  and connected in real-time to suppliers and consumers. VUSION improves the agility  precision  and accuracy of prices  whilst ensuring the omnichannel synchronization of prices  product information and marketing campaigns. The platform developed by SES-imagotag also optimizes in-store order preparation and restocking.VUSION improves employee satisfaction by freeing up time from cumbersome low value-added tasks and allowing them to focus on customer service and merchandizing tasks. VUSION connects shelves to the Cloud  providing real-time accurate information on product availability and location  allowing for reduced inventory  out-of-stock  and waste  as well as improved on-shelf availability and merchandizing compliance. VUSION empowers consumers with better product  nutritional and traceability information at the shelf and enables a frictionless in-store shopping experience with features such as product search  pathfinding and cashier-less scan & pay features.SES-imagotag supports the United Nations' Global Compact initiative and has received in 2022 the Platinum Sustainability Rating from EcoVadis  the world's reference of business sustainability ratings.SES-imagotag is listed in compartment A of the Euronext™ Paris exchange.Ticker symbol: SESL – ISIN code: FR0010282822 – Reuters: SESL.PA – Bloomberg: SESwww.ses-imagotag.comInvestor Relations contact:Labrador - Raquel Lizarraga / +33 (0)6 46 71 55 20 / raquel.lizarraga.ext@ses-imagotag.comMedia enquiries:Region Contact Email Phone Corporate Publicis Consultants audrey.malmenayde@publicisconsultants.com +33 676931145 North America RAM PR ron@rampr.com N/A Europe (EN) Hannah Lock – Hotwire Hanna.lock@hotwireglobal.com +44 07393465537 Europe (DE) Veronika Stahl – Hotwire Veronika.stahl@hotwireglobal.com +49 01629294218 Europe (FR) Laetitia Munoz – Presse & Cie lmunoz@presse-cie.com +33 0620499039This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lG9tYp1nl5rIyZpwZ5xonGeXaGiUkpPHapfGyJebY5uamm+VyGeUap3IZnFhnGdm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80720-ses-imagotag_pr_further_expansion_in_the_u.s.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Further Expansion', 'U.S.', 'imagotag', 'Email Phone Corporate Publicis Consultants', 'leading U.S. Convenience Store Chain', ""United Nations' Global Compact initiative"", 'leading U.S. regional grocery retailer', 'largest US convenience store chains', 'VUSION Retail IOT technology platform', 'leading US specialty retailer', 'largest US regional grocers', 'cumbersome low value-added tasks', 'higher-value customer facing activities', 'high value digital assets', 'successful first roll-out phase', 'North America RAM PR', 'home improvement specialty retail', 'VUSION Retail IoT platform', 'VUSION IoT Cloud platform', 'new specialty retail market', 'store order preparation', 'store shopping experience', 'The C-Store chain', 'first semester wins', 'food specialist retailer', 'next 12 to 18 months', 'Platinum Sustainability Rating', 'business sustainability ratings', 'Euronext™ Paris exchange', 'new roll-out contracts', 'increasing customer portfolio', 'offline shopping experience', '350 large retailer groups', 'several retail verticals', 'Investor Relations contact', 'detailed product information', ""Vusion '27 strategic plan"", 'real-time accurate information', 'smart digital labels', 'real-time product pricing', 'retail chain', 'SES-imagotag North America', 'global leader', 'customer experience', 'IoT solutions', 'strategic market', 'physical retail', 'convenience stores', 'smart labels', 'merchandizing tasks', 'digital solutions', 'digital tags', 'customer service', 'high-potential market', 'many verticals', 'large part', 'traceability information', 'product availability', 'product search', 'new agreement', 'Further Expansion', 'physical commerce', 'leadership position', 'two companies', 'Further deployment', 'manual processes', 'intuitive online', 'Philippe Bottine', 'general merchandise', 'recent deals', 'key component', 'decisive part', 'omnichannel synchronization', 'marketing campaigns', 'employee satisfaction', 'cashier-less scan', 'compartment A', 'Ticker symbol', 'ISIN code', 'Media enquiries', 'Region Contact', 'Hannah Lock', 'Hotwire Hanna', 'Veronika Stahl', 'Hotwire Veronika', '800+ stores', 'physical stores', 'Walmart announcement', 'stock levels', 'major contract', 'shelf availability', 'pay features', 'Raquel Lizarraga', 'world leader', 'N/A Europe', '6,000 stores', 'SESL', 'base', '800 locations', 'prices', 'promotions', 'operations', 'times', '350 supermarkets', 'total', '350 locations', 'associates', 'non', '250 showrooms', 'ESLs', 'customers', 'CEO', 'growth', 'footprint', 'addition', 'strategy', 'years', 'Asia', 'retailers', 'driven', 'suppliers', 'consumers', 'agility', 'precision', 'accuracy', 'restocking', 'shelves', 'reduced', 'inventory', 'waste', 'compliance', 'nutritional', 'frictionless', 'pathfinding', 'EcoVadis', 'reference', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Labrador', 'publicisconsultants', '2022']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27183,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Voltalia-SA-First-megawatt-hours-for-the-SSM3-6-solar-power-plant-in-Brazil-44254487/,Voltalia SA: First megawatt-hours for the SSM3-6 solar power plant in Brazil,(marketscreener.com) Voltalia   an international player in renewable energy  today announced the start of production for SSM3-6  a 260-megawatt solar power plant located in the Serra Branca cluster. The construction of the SSM3-6 solar farm was initiated in M…,"Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  today announced the start of production for SSM3-6  a 260-megawatt solar power plant located in the Serra Branca cluster.The construction of the SSM3-6 solar farm (Solar Serra do Mel 3  4  5  and 6) was initiated in March 20221. Out of a total capacity of 260 megawatts  17 megawatts have started producing last Friday  while the remaining capacity will be gradually commissioned in the coming months.This power plant is backed by a 14-year power purchase agreement with Copel  a Brazilian utility and longstanding partner of Voltalia.SSM3-6 is part of the Serra Branca complex  the largest wind and solar complex in the world  fully developed by Voltalia and located in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte. The complex generates one of the most competitive energy sources in the country  benefiting from exceptional levels of wind and sunlight  which are complementary energy sources.The projects within this massive cluster benefit from shared infrastructure (grid connection and access) and operational synergies. For example  the construction of SSM3-6 and SSM1-2  a 320-megawatt solar power plant commissioned in 2022.Voltalia is the sole or controlling shareholder of a significant portion of the power plants located within the complex  while others have been transferred to partners. Voltalia provides all or part of the services associated with the development  construction  and maintenance of the transferred or retained power plants.Ownership Technology Status Capacity (in MW) Developed and owned by VoltaliaDeveloped and owned by Voltalia WindSolar OperatingOperating 624337 Developed and sold with services by Voltalia Wind Operating 761 Sub total 1722 Developed and owned by Voltalia Solar Construction 243 Sub total 1965 Under development by Voltalia Solar and wind Development 435 Grand Total 2 400""We are very pleased to announce the commencement of the commissioning of SSM3-6. This is the result of several years of development and construction work that is bearing its first fruits. I would like to thank the teams that have contributed to this significant milestone""  said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Next appointment : Q2 2023 turnover  on July 26th (after market hours).About Voltalia ( www.voltalia.com ) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 14.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 550 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Press release dated March 28  2022Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['SSM3-6 solar power plant', 'Voltalia SA', 'First megawatt-hours', 'Brazil', 'Rio Grande do Norte', '14-year power purchase agreement', 'Solar Serra do Mel', 'Ownership Technology Status Capacity', '260-megawatt solar power plant', '320-megawatt solar power plant', 'Voltalia Wind Solar Operating', 'Serra Branca cluster', 'massive cluster benefit', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'competitive energy sources', 'complementary energy sources', 'renewable energy sector', 'SSM3-6 solar farm', 'Serra Branca complex', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy projects', 'Voltalia Solar Construction', 'solar complex', 'power plants', 'total capacity', 'remaining capacity', 'generating capacity', 'largest wind', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'coming months', 'Brazilian utility', 'longstanding partner', 'Brazilian state', 'exceptional levels', 'shared infrastructure', 'grid connection', 'operational synergies', 'controlling shareholder', 'significant portion', 'Sub total', 'several years', 'first fruits', 'significant milestone', 'Next appointment', 'Q2 2023 turnover', 'market hours', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'regulated market', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', '1 Press release', 'construction work', 'investor clients', 'local production', 'wind Development', 'green electricity', 'start', 'March', '260 megawatts', '17 megawatts', 'Copel', 'world', 'country', 'sunlight', 'access', 'example', 'sole', 'others', 'partners', 'maintenance', 'MW', 'commencement', 'commissioning', 'result', 'teams', 'CEO', 'July', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '14.2 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27184,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698651/0/en/Stellantis-to-Invest-in-a-New-grEEn-campus-in-Mirafiori-Italy.html,Stellantis to Invest in a New ‘grEEn-campus’ in Mirafiori  Italy,Stellantis to Invest in a New ‘grEEn-campus’ in Mirafiori  Italy  Facility identified as next Stellantis grEEn-campus location  to create a carbon...,Stellantis to Invest in a New ‘grEEn-campus’ in Mirafiori  ItalyF acility identified as next Stellantis grEEn - campus location   to create a carbon neutral and collaborative workplace by 2025Fi r st three grEEn - campus projects announced are in Poissy   France ; Rüsselsheim   German y ; and Mirafiori   Turin  ItalyInitiative supports the Stellantis New Era of Agility program: flexible and hybrid ways of work ing for job functions where it is feasibleTransformation of historic sites contributes to achieving Company’s ambitious Dare Forward 2030 goal of reaching carbon net zero by 2038AMSTERDAM  July 3  2023 – Stellantis today announced its Mirafiori site in Turin  Italy  joins the ‘grEEn-campus’ workplace transformation program that aims to strengthen the roots of Stellantis’ automotive design  R&D and central functions through innovative  sustainable  and collaborative designs. Mirafiori is the next Stellantis site in the first phase of the program  joining facilities in Poissy  France  and Rüsselsheim  Germany.The grEEn-campus is a place for exchanging and sharing ideas to promote creativity and efficiency  and ultimately create a highly desirable work environment. The transformation program directly supports Stellantis’ carbon net zero by 2038 target outlined in the Dare Forward 2030 strategy.The “EE” in grEEn-campus represents both Stellantis’ commitment to the Environment and the Employees: Energy positive to protect the Environment as well as a mindset of constant Education to deliver a great Employee Experience.“With each new grEEn-campus  we are rethinking our iconic buildings to better respond to our new hybrid ways of working  as a significant number of our colleagues are taking advantage of flexible remote working  while also contributing to the Company’s carbon footprint reduction ” said Xavier Chéreau  Stellantis Chief Human Resources & Transformation Officer. “We want to offer our employees a completely reimagined experience in terms of time spent on site by encouraging intra- and inter-business exchanges conducive to co-development and collective intelligence  complementing the experience of working remotely. It’s an ambitious project  both for the Company and its employees  and one that will help us achieve our goals of reaching carbon neutrality and becoming a great place to work.”The redesign of the historic buildings  in combination with other initiatives undertaken by Stellantis  contributes to the goal of becoming a carbon net zero corporation by 2038  all scopes included  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions. Once open  the new office buildings will be energy positive. In addition  renovated and existing buildings aim to be carbon neutral in use.The grEEn-campus facilities will offer breakthrough energy and thermal performance through:Integration of photovoltaic panels in the architecture;Use of ultra-low-energy ventilation technology;Reuse of material;Architectural choices that ensure environmental efficiency  resilience  and adaptability to climate evolution; and Generous green spaces  contributing to thermal regulation and employee well-being.The transformation program supports Stellantis’ commitment to social and environmental responsibility:Illustrating what tomorrow’s workspaces will be like: eco-responsible and fully adapted to new hybrid work modes;Contributing to the reduction of Stellantis’ carbon footprint; and Supporting a positive impact on the communities in which Stellantis operates through educational support.Stellantis grEEn-campuses are located in core countries where Stellantis has a rich history. Work has started at the Poissy location  the detailed design study of Rüsselsheim has been completed  and the Mirafiori project is launching. Mirafiori’s historic office building on Corso Agnelli is also included in the initiative. Additional grEEn-campuses are to be announced at later dates.This new triple-digit million euros investment at Mirafiori demonstrates the Company’s commitment to Italy and follows other positive developments in the Turin area  including:Stellantis’ first Circular Economy Hub to be launched at the Mirafiori site in 2023. The dedicated operation will enable the expansion of Stellantis’ current activities and support its “cradle-to-cradle” business model in Europe.The Battery Technology Center  which will provide performance testing and validation of battery components (cells/modules/packs) during the development and production stages. The official inauguration is planned in the second half of this year.As part of the e-Transmissions Assembly joint venture with Punch Powertrain  Turin will also be home to an upgraded facility to manufacture and supply breakthrough eDCTs for the Company’s next generation of hybrid and PHEV models  helping Stellantis further electrify its brand portfolio with clean  safe and affordable solutions. It will go live in early 2024.The Turin Manufacturing District  which now serves as an electrification engineering center  the heart of design for the Company’s iconic Italian brands  and a production hub for state-of-the art vehicles  such as the Fiat and Abarth 500 full-electric  the Maserati Levante  Quattroporte  Ghibli and the all-new GranTurismo and GranCabrio  also available in the Folgore 100% electric version.The strong connections with all of Turin’s innovative institutions  specifically the Polytechnic University of Turin.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@StellantisStellantisStellantisStellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['New ‘grEEn-campus', 'Stellantis', 'Mirafiori', 'Italy', 'new triple-digit million euros investment', 'Transmissions Assembly joint venture', 'first Circular Economy Hub', 'Stellantis Chief Human Resources', 'carbon net zero corporation', 'The Battery Technology Center', 'The Turin Manufacturing District', 'ambitious Dare Forward 2030 goal', 'new hybrid work modes', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategy', 'ultra-low-energy ventilation technology', 'electrification engineering center', 'grEEn-campus’ workplace transformation program', 'Xavier Chéreau', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'detailed design study', 'Generous green spaces', 'new office buildings', 'historic office building', 'Stellantis New Era', 'new hybrid ways', 'Stellantis’ automotive design', 'flexible remote working', 'other positive developments', 'Italy F acility', 'Stellantis’ carbon net', 'carbon footprint reduction', 'Stellantis’ carbon footprint', 'desirable work environment', 'next Stellantis grEEn', 'great Employee Experience', 'next Stellantis site', 'New ‘grEEn-campus', 'new grEEn-campus', 'collaborative workplace', 'first phase', 'ambitious project', 'battery components', 'carbon neutral', 'three grEEn', 'next generation', 'historic buildings', 'other initiatives', 'employee well-being', 'positive impact', 'historic sites', 'iconic buildings', 'existing buildings', 'Agility program', 'Transformation Officer', 'campus location', 'campus projects', 'Rüsselsheim', 'job functions', 'R&D', 'central functions', 'collaborative designs', 'constant Education', 'significant number', 'inter-business exchanges', 'collective intelligence', 'great place', 'remaining emissions', 'thermal performance', 'photovoltaic panels', 'Architectural choices', 'climate evolution', 'thermal regulation', 'environmental responsibility', 'educational support', 'Stellantis grEEn-campuses', 'core countries', 'rich history', 'Corso Agnelli', 'Additional grEEn-campuses', 'later dates', 'dedicated operation', 'current activities', 'business model', 'performance testing', 'production stages', 'official inauguration', 'second half', 'Punch Powertrain', 'breakthrough eDCTs', 'PHEV models', 'brand portfolio', 'clean, safe', 'affordable solutions', 'Turin area', 'Stellantis’ commitment', 'grEEn-campus facilities', 'breakthrough energy', 'environmental efficiency', 'Mirafiori site', 'Mirafiori project', 'Poissy location', 'Italy Initiative', 'France', 'Company', 'AMSTERDAM', 'roots', 'Germany', 'ideas', 'creativity', 'Employees', 'mindset', 'colleagues', 'advantage', 'terms', 'time', 'goals', 'redesign', 'combination', 'scopes', 'Integration', 'architecture', 'Reuse', 'material', 'resilience', 'adaptability', 'social', 'tomorrow', 'workspaces', 'communities', 'expansion', 'cradle', 'Europe', 'validation', 'cells/modules', 'packs', 'year', 'part', 'facility', 'supply', 'heart']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27185,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-to-Invest-in-a-New-lsquo-grEEn-campus-in-Mirafiori-Italy-44254125/,Stellantis to Invest in a New ‘grEEn-campus' in Mirafiori  Italy,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis to Invest in a New ‘grEEn-campus’ in Mirafiori  Italy Facility identified as next Stellantis grEEn-campus location  to create a carbon neutral and collaborative workplace by 2025First three grEEn-campus projects announced are i…,Stellantis to Investin aNew ‘grEEn-campus’ in Mirafiori  ItalyF acility identified as next Stellantis grEEn - campus location   to create a carbon neutral and collaborative workplace by 2025Fi r st three grEEn - campus projects announced are in Poissy   France ; Rüsselsheim   German y ; and Mirafiori   Turin  ItalyInitiative supports the Stellantis New Era of Agility program: flexible and hybrid ways of work ing for job functions where it is feasibleTransformation of historic sites contributes to achieving Company’s ambitious Dare Forward 2030 goal of reaching carbon net zero by 2038AMSTERDAM  July 3  2023 – Stellantis today announced its Mirafiori site in Turin  Italy  joins the ‘grEEn-campus’ workplace transformation program that aims to strengthen the roots of Stellantis’ automotive design  R&D and central functions through innovative  sustainable  and collaborative designs. Mirafiori is the next Stellantis site in the first phase of the program  joining facilities in Poissy  France  and Rüsselsheim  Germany.The grEEn-campus is a place for exchanging and sharing ideas to promote creativity and efficiency  and ultimately create a highly desirable work environment. The transformation program directly supports Stellantis’ carbon net zero by 2038 target outlined in the Dare Forward 2030 strategy.The “EE” in grEEn-campus represents both Stellantis’ commitment to the Environment and the Employees: Energy positive to protect the Environment as well as a mindset of constant Education to deliver a great Employee Experience.“With each new grEEn-campus  we are rethinking our iconic buildings to better respond to our new hybrid ways of working  as a significant number of our colleagues are taking advantage of flexible remote working  while also contributing to the Company’s carbon footprint reduction ” said Xavier Chéreau  Stellantis Chief Human Resources & Transformation Officer. “We want to offer our employees a completely reimagined experience in terms of time spent on site by encouraging intra- and inter-business exchanges conducive to co-development and collective intelligence  complementing the experience of working remotely. It’s an ambitious project  both for the Company and its employees  and one that will help us achieve our goals of reaching carbon neutrality and becoming a great place to work.”The redesign of the historic buildings  in combination with other initiatives undertaken by Stellantis  contributes to the goal of becoming a carbon net zero corporation by 2038  all scopes included  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions. Once open  the new office buildings will be energy positive. In addition  renovated and existing buildings aim to be carbon neutral in use.The grEEn-campus facilities will offer breakthrough energy and thermal performance through:Integration of photovoltaic panels in the architecture;Use of ultra-low-energy ventilation technology;Reuse of material;Architectural choices that ensure environmental efficiency  resilience  and adaptability to climate evolution; and Generous green spaces  contributing to thermal regulation and employee well-being.The transformation program supports Stellantis’ commitment to social and environmental responsibility:Illustrating what tomorrow’s workspaces will be like: eco-responsible and fully adapted to new hybrid work modes;Contributing to the reduction of Stellantis’ carbon footprint; and Supporting a positive impact on the communities in which Stellantis operates through educational support.Stellantis grEEn-campuses are located in core countries where Stellantis has a rich history. Work has started at the Poissy location  the detailed design study of Rüsselsheim has been completed  and the Mirafiori project is launching. Mirafiori’s historic office building on Corso Agnelli is also included in the initiative. Additional grEEn-campuses are to be announced at later dates.This new triple-digit million euros investment at Mirafiori demonstrates the Company’s commitment to Italy and follows other positive developments in the Turin area  including:Stellantis’ first Circular Economy Hub to be launched at the Mirafiori site in 2023. The dedicated operation will enable the expansion of Stellantis’ current activities and support its “cradle-to-cradle” business model in Europe.The Battery Technology Center  which will provide performance testing and validation of battery components (cells/modules/packs) during the development and production stages. The official inauguration is planned in the second half of this year.As part of the e-Transmissions Assembly joint venture with Punch Powertrain  Turin will also be home to an upgraded facility to manufacture and supply breakthrough eDCTs for the Company’s next generation of hybrid and PHEV models  helping Stellantis further electrify its brand portfolio with clean  safe and affordable solutions. It will go live in early 2024.The Turin Manufacturing District  which now serves as an electrification engineering center  the heart of design for the Company’s iconic Italian brands  and a production hub for state-of-the art vehicles  such as the Fiat and Abarth 500 full-electric  the Maserati Levante  Quattroporte  Ghibli and the all-new GranTurismo and GranCabrio  also available in the Folgore 100% electric version.The strong connections with all of Turin’s innovative institutions  specifically the Polytechnic University of Turin.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V.(NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@StellantisStellantisStellantisStellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['New ‘grEEn-campus', 'Stellantis', 'Mirafiori', 'Italy', 'new triple-digit million euros investment', 'Transmissions Assembly joint venture', 'first Circular Economy Hub', 'Stellantis Chief Human Resources', 'carbon net zero corporation', 'The Battery Technology Center', 'The Turin Manufacturing District', 'ambitious Dare Forward 2030 goal', 'new hybrid work modes', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategy', 'ultra-low-energy ventilation technology', 'electrification engineering center', 'grEEn-campus’ workplace transformation program', 'Xavier Chéreau', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'detailed design study', 'Generous green spaces', 'new office buildings', 'Stellantis New Era', 'new hybrid ways', 'historic office building', 'Stellantis’ automotive design', 'flexible remote working', 'other positive developments', 'Italy F acility', 'Stellantis’ carbon net', 'carbon footprint reduction', 'Stellantis’ carbon footprint', 'desirable work environment', 'next Stellantis grEEn', 'great Employee Experience', 'next Stellantis site', 'new grEEn-campus', 'collaborative workplace', 'first phase', 'ambitious project', 'battery components', 'carbon neutral', 'three grEEn', 'next generation', 'historic buildings', 'other initiatives', 'employee well-being', 'positive impact', 'historic sites', 'iconic buildings', 'existing buildings', 'Agility program', 'Transformation Officer', 'campus location', 'campus projects', 'Rüsselsheim', 'job functions', 'R&D', 'central functions', 'collaborative designs', 'constant Education', 'significant number', 'inter-business exchanges', 'collective intelligence', 'great place', 'remaining emissions', 'thermal performance', 'photovoltaic panels', 'Architectural choices', 'climate evolution', 'thermal regulation', 'environmental responsibility', 'educational support', 'Stellantis grEEn-campuses', 'core countries', 'rich history', 'Corso Agnelli', 'Additional grEEn-campuses', 'later dates', 'dedicated operation', 'current activities', 'business model', 'performance testing', 'production stages', 'official inauguration', 'second half', 'Punch Powertrain', 'breakthrough eDCTs', 'PHEV models', 'brand portfolio', 'clean, safe', 'affordable solutions', 'Turin area', 'Stellantis’ commitment', 'grEEn-campus facilities', 'breakthrough energy', 'environmental efficiency', 'Mirafiori site', 'Mirafiori project', 'Poissy location', 'Italy Initiative', 'France', 'Company', 'AMSTERDAM', 'roots', 'Germany', 'ideas', 'creativity', 'Employees', 'mindset', 'colleagues', 'advantage', 'terms', 'time', 'goals', 'redesign', 'combination', 'scopes', 'Integration', 'architecture', 'Reuse', 'material', 'resilience', 'adaptability', 'social', 'tomorrow', 'workspaces', 'communities', 'expansion', 'cradle', 'Europe', 'validation', 'cells/modules', 'packs', 'year', 'part', 'facility', 'supply', 'heart']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27186,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TATATU-S-P-A-145450978/news/TaTaTu-S-p-A-APPROVAL-OF-THE-CAPITAL-INCREASE-BY-THE-EXTRAORDINARY-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-HELD-ON-J-44254499/,TaTaTu S.p.A.: APPROVAL OF THE CAPITAL INCREASE BY THE EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING HELD ON JULY 3rd  2023,(marketscreener.com) TaTaTu S.p.A.TaTaTu S.p.A.: APPROVAL OF THE CAPITAL INCREASE BY THE EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING HELD ON JULY 3rd  2023 03-Jul-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS G…,PRESS RELEASENOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  OR JAPANTATATU S.P.A.: APPROVAL OF THE CAPITAL INCREASE BY THE EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING HELD ON JULY 3rd  2023Roma  July 3rd 2023 - Tatatu S.p.A. (the “Company”) owner of TaTaTu  an entertainment platform based on the data sharing economy and the circular economylisted through Direct Listing of shares on Euronext Growth Paris (ticker code: ALTTU)  announces that the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting held today resolved to increase the share capital indivisible in cash with the exclusion of pre-emption rights by issuing 6 791 171 ordinary shares for a countervalue of euro 40 000 000. This increase is reserved for euro 20 000 000 to Al Khalifa  euro 18 000 000 to IA Media  euro 1 000 000 to Monaco Mobility  and euro 1 000 000 to Incorp Sarl. A period of 90 days is provided for its execution. The capital increase will be effective following the registration of the notary's deed with the commercial register.Tatatu S.p.A. also announces that Mr. Barletta will act as Investor Relator ad interim as of 19 July 2023.***This press release is available on the Company’s website at https://corporate.tatatu.com/en/shareholders-meeting/***About TaTaTuTaTaTu is the first entertainment platform based on data sharing economy and circular economy. The company is the first social media platform to reward users with TTU Coins for viewing content and social media activities. Users can post photos and videos  and earn even more TTU Coins when someone likes  comments  views or shares a post or when users invite a friend. Available worldwide in BETA version  TaTaTu offers its community auctions  giving users the chance to win unmissable products and experiences by bidding using TTU Coins. In addition  users can redeem TTU Coins in e-commerce in exchange for products.The Direct Listing took place on October 20  2022 through the admission to trading of no. 814 265 232 shares  with a reference price of Euro 2.00  equal to the subscription price of a private placement made prior to listing. www.tatatu.com.For more information:Press contactsH/Advisors Havas Paris for TaTaTuAliénor Miens | alienor.miens@havas.com | +33 6 64 32 81 75Philippe Ronceau | philippe.ronceau@havas.com | +33 6 76 44 44 35Investor relations contactsDanilo Barletta | danilo@tatatu.com | + 39 349 0803 128,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.51,0.49,0.0,True,English,"['TaTaTu S.p.A.', 'CAPITAL INCREASE', 'APPROVAL', 'THE', 'HELD', 'JULY', ""EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING HELD"", 'TATATU S.P.A.', 'first social media platform', 'social media activities', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'first entertainment platform', 'data sharing economy', 'Aliénor Miens', 'Investor relations contacts', 'H/Advisors Havas Paris', 'The Direct Listing', 'IA Media', 'circular economy', 'Investor Relator', 'Press contacts', 'UNITED STATES', 'ticker code', 'share capital', 'pre-emption rights', 'Al Khalifa', 'Monaco Mobility', 'Incorp Sarl', 'commercial register', 'Mr. Barletta', 'TTU Coins', 'BETA version', 'community auctions', 'reference price', 'subscription price', 'private placement', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'CAPITAL INCREASE', 'unmissable products', 'Philippe Ronceau', 'Danilo Barletta', '6,791,171 ordinary shares', '814,265,232 shares', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'APPROVAL', 'JULY', 'Roma', 'Company', 'owner', 'ALTTU', 'cash', 'exclusion', 'countervalue', 'period', '90 days', 'execution', 'registration', 'notary', 'deed', 'website', 'corporate', 'users', 'content', 'photos', 'videos', 'someone', 'comments', 'views', 'post', 'friend', 'chance', 'experiences', 'addition', 'commerce', 'exchange', 'October', 'trading', 'information']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27187,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRBAC-5234/news/Virbac-reassesses-its-2023-growth-and-Adjusted-EBIT1-forecasts-44254846/,Virbac reassesses its 2023 growth and Adjusted EBIT1 forecasts,(marketscreener.com) Several elements are currently impacting our business and leading us today to revise our forecasts for the 2023 financial year. As a reminder  at constant rates and scope  our initial forecast for revenue growth was within a range of betw…,Several elements are currently impacting our business and leading us today to revise our forecasts for the 2023 financial year. As a reminder  at constant rates and scope  our initial forecast for revenue growth was within a range of between 4% and 6% while our initial forecast for ratio of Adjusted EBIT1 was within a range of between 13% and 14%. We now expect revenue growth at constant rates and scope within a range of between 0% and 4%. The ratio of Adjusted EBIT1 should now consolidate within a range of between 12% and 13% at constant exchange rates.On the one hand  we confirm the overall market growth slowdown observed during the first quarter  with decreasing volumes in many geographies while compared to 2022. On the other hand  we are facing production capacity’s limitations for dog and cat vaccines  temporary however larger than expected throughout this first semester. This situation weighs on our fixed costs’ absorption as well as on our sales  given our low level of vaccine stocks. In addition to that  there is also the impact linked to the cyberattack of which we were victims on June 19  though we are not yet able to precisely measure all its consequences. Our teams remain fully mobilized to ensure business continuity and implement remediation plans with deployments currently executed with efficiency and speed.All of these elements prevent us from envisaging a catch-up by the end of the year  hence leading us today to adjust our sales forecasts for the year 2023 and subsequently our forecasts of Adjusted EBIT. The momentum of our activity remains positive in many geographies and we also remain confident about the group's 2030 forecasts that remain unchanged.1 “current operating profit before amortization of assets resulting from acquisitions” to “revenue” ratioA lifelong commitment to animal healthAt Virbac  we provide innovative solutions to veterinarians  farmers and animal owners in more than 100 countries around the world. Covering more than 50 species  our range of products and services enables us to diagnose  prevent and treat the majority of pathologies. Every day  we are committed to improving the quality of life of animals and to shaping the future of animal health together.Virbac: Euronext Paris - subfund A –ISIN code: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs Department: tel. 04 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.29,0.39,True,English,"['EBIT1 forecasts', 'Virbac', '2023 growth', 'overall market growth slowdown', 'fixed costs’ absorption', '1 “current operating profit', 'Financial Affairs Department', 'constant exchange rates', 'constant rates', 'revenue growth', 'initial forecast', 'one hand', 'first quarter', 'many geographies', 'other hand', 'production capacity', 'first semester', 'low level', 'vaccine stocks', 'remediation plans', 'lifelong commitment', 'animal health', 'innovative solutions', 'animal owners', 'Euronext Paris', 'subfund A', 'ISIN code', '2023 financial year', 'Several elements', 'Adjusted EBIT1', 'business continuity', 'sales forecasts', '2030 forecasts', 'reminder', 'scope', 'range', 'ratio', 'volumes', 'limitations', 'dog', 'cat', 'vaccines', 'situation', 'addition', 'impact', 'cyberattack', 'victims', 'June', 'consequences', 'teams', 'deployments', 'efficiency', 'speed', 'end', 'momentum', 'activity', 'group', 'amortization', 'assets', 'acquisitions', 'Virbac', 'veterinarians', 'farmers', '100 countries', 'world', '50 species', 'products', 'services', 'majority', 'pathologies', 'quality', 'animals', 'future', 'MNEMO', 'VIRP', 'tel.', 'email', 'finances', 'Website', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27188,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions-44254398/,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – 3 July 2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from 26 June to 30 June 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s …,Press ReleaseParis – 3 July2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 26 June to 30 June 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-06-28 BUY 1 9.050000 9.05 XAMS 2023-06-28 SELL 701 9.100000 6 379.10 XAMS 2023-06-29 BUY 219 9.045434 1 980.95 XAMS 2023-06-30 SELL 2 9.050000 18.10 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaH1 2023 results: 2 August 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'H1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'shares', '26 June', '30 June', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '15 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '2 August', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27189,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698702/0/en/Fnac-Darty-Result-of-the-payment-of-dividend-in-shares-and-record-of-the-corresponding-capital-increase.html,Fnac Darty: Result of the payment of dividend in shares and record of the corresponding capital increase,Result of the payment of dividend in shares and record of the corresponding capital increase      The Combined General Meeting of Shareholders of 24...,English FrenchResult of the payment of dividend in shares and record of the corresponding capital increaseThe Combined General Meeting of Shareholders of 24 May 2023 approved a dividend of €1.40 gross per share and decided to grant to the shareholders the option to receive their dividend in cash or in new shares.The price for newly issued shares for the payment of the dividend has been set at €31.15 per share  corresponding to 95% of the average of the closing prices over the twenty trading days preceding the date of the General Meeting less the dividend to be distributed for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022  this total being rounded up to the next Euro cent  where appropriate.Shareholders wishing to opt for payment of the dividend in shares had a period from 15 June to 29 June 2023 inclusive. At the end of the option period  11 917 565 rights were exercised in favour of the 2022 dividend payment in shares.Therefore  535 616 new shares will be issued  representing 1.97% of Fnac Darty’s share capital based on the share capital as of 30 June 2023 with a €152.60 cash adjustment.The settlement and delivery of the shares as well as their admission to trading on Euronext Paris will occur on Tuesday 6 July 2023. The new shares will confer the same rights as the existing shares and carry current dividend rights.The total cash dividend to be paid to the shareholders who did not choose the share option amounts to €21 248 690.40 and will also be paid on 6 July 2023.About Fnac DartyOperating in 12 countries  Fnac Darty is a European leader in the retail of entertainment and leisure products  consumer electronics and domestic appliances. The Group  which has more than 25 000 employees  had a multi-format network of 987 stores at the end of December 2022  and is ranked as a major e-commerce player in France (close to 24 million unique visitors per month on average) with its three merchant sites  fnac.com  darty.com and natureetdecouvertes.com. A leading omnichannel player  Fnac Darty’s revenue was around €8 billion in 2022  22% of which was realized online. For more information: www.fnacdarty.comCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORS Domitille Vielle domitille.vielle@fnacdarty.com+33 (0)6 03 86 05 02Laura Parisot laura.parisot@fnacdarty.com+33 (0)6 64 74 27 18PRESS Audrey Bouchard audrey.bouchard@fnacdarty.com+33 (0)6 17 25 03 77Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['corresponding capital increase', 'Fnac Darty', 'payment', 'shares', 'record', 'The Combined General Meeting', 'twenty trading days', 'next Euro cent', 'major e-commerce player', '24 million unique visitors', 'three merchant sites', 'leading omnichannel player', 'corresponding capital increase', 'current dividend rights', 'total cash dividend', 'The Group', 'English French', 'closing prices', 'financial year', '€152.60 cash adjustment', 'Euronext Paris', 'same rights', 'European leader', 'leisure products', 'consumer electronics', 'domestic appliances', 'multi-format network', 'Domitille Vielle', 'Laura Parisot', 'Audrey Bouchard', 'share capital', '2022 dividend payment', 'Fnac Darty', 'Tuesday 6 July', 'new shares', 'existing shares', 'share option', 'option period', '11,917,565 rights', 'record', 'Shareholders', '24 May', 'average', 'date', '31 December', '15 June', '29 June', 'favour', '30 June', 'settlement', 'delivery', '12 countries', 'retail', 'entertainment', '25,000 employees', '987 stores', 'France', 'month', 'natureetdecouvertes', 'revenue', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'PRESS', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27190,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DOXEE-S-P-A-88384941/news/TitleDoxee-Information-on-the-purchase-of-treasury-shares-44253754/,TitleDoxee: Information on the purchase of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   Doxee: Information on the purchase of treasury shares   Modena  July 3rd 2023   Doxee   an innovative SME  a high-tech multinational leader in offering products in the Customer Communications Management  Digital Customer Experie…,Doxee: Information on the purchase of treasury sharesModena  July 3rd 2023Doxee (DOX:IM)  an innovative SME  a high-tech multinational leader in offering products in the Customer Communications Management  Digital Customer Experience and Paperless fields  in relation to the treasury share buyback program launched on 16 May 2022 in execution of the resolution of the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 28 April 2022  announces that it has purchased on Euronext Growth Milan from 26 June 2023 to 30 June 2023  the first and last day included  a total of n. 1250 treasury shares  equal to 0.014% of the share capital  at the average price of Euro 8.21 per share  for a total value of Euro 10 262.00.The purchases of treasury shares took place through Integrae SIM S.p.A.  in its capacity as intermediary appointed to carry out the operations  in compliance with the applicable legal and regulatory provisions and according to the methods  terms and conditions contained in the authorization purchase and disposal of treasury shares conferred by the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting.The following table provides details of purchases made in the period indicated above:Details of OperationsDate of Operation Time Quantity Price (€) Countervalue % Share Capital (€) 26/06/2023 10:28 250 8 15 2.037 50 0 003% 27/06/2023 17:04 250 8 25 2.062 50 0 003% 28/06/2023 09:05 250 8 35 2.087 50 0 003% 29/06/2023 09:00 250 8 25 2.062 50 0 003% 30/06/2023 09:03 250 8 05 2.012 50 0 003% TOTAL 1250 8 21 10.262 50 0 014%Following these transactions  Doxee holds a total  as of June 30  2023  n. 15 250 treasury shares  equal to 0. 768% of the share capital.This press release is available on www.doxee.comand on www.1info.itDOXEEDoxee (DOX:IM - ISIN IT0005394413) is a multinational hi-tech company and a leading provider of products for Customer Communications Management (CCM)  Digital Customer Experience and Dematerialization. Doxee offers innovative technology products based on Doxee's proprietary platform and delivered in cloud mode to over 200 Enterprise companies to ensure scalability  flexibility and reliability for mission-critical processes. Doxee products are a powerful tool for dynamic innovating communication strategies between the company and its customers  since they enable the creation of personalized and interactive relationships using digital machine learning and natural language1,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['treasury shares', 'TitleDoxee', 'Information', 'purchase', 'Integrae SIM S.p.A.', 'Operation Time Quantity Price', 'treasury share buyback program', 'high-tech multinational leader', 'Customer Communications Management', 'Digital Customer Experience', ""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'digital machine learning', 'multinational hi-tech company', 'Countervalue % Share Capital', 'innovative technology products', 'average price', 'innovative SME', 'treasury shares', 'Paperless fields', 'last day', 'applicable legal', 'regulatory provisions', 'following table', 'press release', 'leading provider', 'proprietary platform', 'cloud mode', '200 Enterprise companies', 'mission-critical processes', 'powerful tool', 'communication strategies', 'interactive relationships', 'natural language', 'authorization purchase', 'total value', 'Doxee products', 'Information', 'Modena', 'July', '16 May', 'execution', 'resolution', '28 April', '26 June', '30 June', 'first', 'n.', 'purchases', 'place', 'capacity', 'intermediary', 'operations', 'compliance', 'methods', 'terms', 'conditions', 'disposal', 'details', 'period', 'Date', 'transactions', 'www', 'ISIN', 'CCM', 'Dematerialization', 'scalability', 'flexibility', 'reliability', 'dynamic', 'customers', 'creation', 'personalized']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27191,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAISONS-DU-MONDE-27862556/news/Maisons-du-Monde-COMBINED-GENERAL-MEETING-2023-ALL-RESOLUTIONS-ADOPTED-44249745/,Maisons du Monde: COMBINED GENERAL MEETING 2023 - ALL RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE COMBINED GENERAL MEETING 2023ALL RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED NANTES – 3 July 2023  7h00 CEST – Maisons du Monde . The Annual General Meeting of Maisons du Monde shareholders was held on June 29  2023  under the chairwomanship of Fra…,PRESS RELEASECOMBINED GENERAL MEETING 2023ALL RESOLUTIONS ADOPTEDNANTES – 3 July 2023  7h00 CEST – Maisons du Monde (Euronext Paris: MDM; ISIN: FR0013153541).The Annual General Meeting of Maisons du Monde shareholders was held on June 29  2023  under the chairwomanship of Françoise Gri and in the presence of members of the Board of Directors and Auditors.The quorum for the General Meeting was 87.067%.The shareholders approved the 26 resolutions submitted for their vote  including:Approval of the annual and consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2022  the appropriation of the results proposed by the Board of Directors  and the payment of a cash dividend of €0.30 per share. The dividend detachment date (ex-date) is set for July 5  2023  the record date is set for July 6  2023  and the dividend payment date is set for July 7  2023.Changes in the composition of the Board of Directors  including the renewal of the mandates of two independent directors  Laure Hauseux and Victor Herrero  and the appointment of new directors  including Françoise Gri  Adam Epstein and Majorelle Investments.It is also specified that Majorelle Investments has designated Anouk Duranteau-Loeper as permanent representative  and Teleios Capital Partners has designated Sylvie Colin as permanent representative in replacement of Adam Epstein.The newly constituted Board of Directors consists of 13 members  including 6 independent directors  2 employee representatives and a majority of women.The presentation made during the General Meeting and detailed voting results are availableon the Maisons du Monde website at the following address: https://corporate.maisonsdumonde.com/en/finance/agFinancial calendar27July2023 Q2 and H1 2023 financial results26October2023 Q3 and 9M 2023 salesMaisons du Monde  a uniquely positioned and beloved brand across Europe  stands as the European leader in inspirational and affordable home & living. It offers a wide and constantly renewed range of furniture and home accessories across multiple styles. Creativity inspirationandengagementarethebrand’scorepillars.Leveragingitsdistinctivedirect-to-consumeromnichannelmodel  thecompany generates over50%of its sales digitally throughits onlineplatform andin-storedigital sales andoperates 352stores across9 European countries. At the end of 2020  the Group launched a curated marketplace to complement its offering and become the referenceone-stopshopininspirationalandaffordablehomeandliving.InNovember2021 MaisonsduMondeunveileditscompany purpose: “Inspiring everyone to open up to the world  to create together unique  warm and sustainable places to live.”corporate.maisonsdumonde.comContactsInvestorRelations PressRelations Carole AlexandreTel : (+33) 6 30 85 12 78 Pierre BarbeTel : (+33) 6 23 23 08 51 calexandre@maisonsdumonde.com pbarbe@maisonsdumonde.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.63,0.35,0.02,True,English,"['Maisons du Monde', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'RESOLUTIONS', 'Maisons du Monde website', 'Maisons du Monde shareholders', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Françoise Gri', 'Teleios Capital Partners', 'consolidated financial statements', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'detailed voting results', 'H1 2023 financial results', 'two independent directors', 'Financial calendar', '6 independent directors', 'PRESS RELEASE', '7h00 CEST', 'Euronext Paris', 'fiscal year', 'cash dividend', 'Laure Hauseux', 'Victor Herrero', 'Adam Epstein', 'Majorelle Investments', 'Anouk Duranteau-Loeper', 'permanent representative', 'Sylvie Colin', '2 employee representatives', 'following address', '26October2023 Q3', 'beloved brand', 'European leader', 'affordable home', 'home accessories', 'multiple styles', 'European countries', 'MaisonsduMondeunveileditscompany purpose', 'unique, warm', 'sustainable places', 'InvestorRelations PressRelations', 'Carole Alexandre', 'Pierre Barbe', 'detachment date', 'record date', '9M 2023 sales', 'storedigital sales', 'new directors', 'payment date', 'RESOLUTIONS', 'NANTES', '3 July', 'MDM', 'ISIN', 'June', 'chairwomanship', 'presence', 'members', 'Board', 'Auditors', 'quorum', 'vote', 'Approval', 'appropriation', 'Changes', 'composition', 'renewal', 'mandates', 'appointment', 'replacement', 'majority', 'women', 'presentation', 'ag', 'Q2', 'inspirational', 'living', 'wide', 'range', 'furniture', 'Creativity', 'consumeromnichannelmodel', 'onlineplatform', '352stores', 'Group', 'marketplace', 'offering', 'InNovember2021', 'everyone', 'world', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27192,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FNAC-DARTY-13449504/news/Fnac-Darty-Result-of-the-payment-of-dividend-in-shares-and-record-of-the-corresponding-capital-incr-44254787/,Fnac Darty: Result of the payment of dividend in shares and record of the corresponding capital increase,(marketscreener.com) Result of the payment of dividend in shares and record of the corresponding capital increase The Combined General Meeting of Shareholders of 24 May 2023 approved a dividend of €1.40 gross per share and decided to grant to the shareholders…,Result of the payment of dividend in shares and record of the corresponding capital increaseThe Combined General Meeting of Shareholders of 24 May 2023 approved a dividend of €1.40 gross per share and decided to grant to the shareholders the option to receive their dividend in cash or in new shares.The price for newly issued shares for the payment of the dividend has been set at €31.15 per share  corresponding to 95% of the average of the closing prices over the twenty trading days preceding the date of the General Meeting less the dividend to be distributed for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022  this total being rounded up to the next Euro cent  where appropriate.Shareholders wishing to opt for payment of the dividend in shares had a period from 15 June to 29 June 2023 inclusive. At the end of the option period  11 917 565 rights were exercised in favour of the 2022 dividend payment in shares.Therefore  535 616 new shares will be issued  representing 1.97% of Fnac Darty’s share capital based on the share capital as of 30 June 2023 with a €152.60 cash adjustment.The settlement and delivery of the shares as well as their admission to trading on Euronext Paris will occur on Tuesday 6 July 2023. The new shares will confer the same rights as the existing shares and carry current dividend rights.The total cash dividend to be paid to the shareholders who did not choose the share option amounts to €21 248 690.40 and will also be paid on 6 July 2023.About Fnac DartyOperating in 12 countries  Fnac Darty is a European leader in the retail of entertainment and leisure products  consumer electronics and domestic appliances. The Group  which has more than 25 000 employees  had a multi-format network of 987 stores at the end of December 2022  and is ranked as a major e-commerce player in France (close to 24 million unique visitors per month on average) with its three merchant sites  fnac.com  darty.com and natureetdecouvertes.com. A leading omnichannel player  Fnac Darty’s revenue was around €8 billion in 2022  22% of which was realized online. For more information: www.fnacdarty.comCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORS Domitille Vielle domitille.vielle@fnacdarty.com+33 (0)6 03 86 05 02Laura Parisot laura.parisot@fnacdarty.com+33 (0)6 64 74 27 18PRESS Audrey Bouchard audrey.bouchard@fnacdarty.com+33 (0)6 17 25 03 77Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['corresponding capital increase', 'Fnac Darty', 'payment', 'shares', 'record', 'The Combined General Meeting', 'twenty trading days', 'next Euro cent', 'major e-commerce player', '24 million unique visitors', 'three merchant sites', 'leading omnichannel player', 'PRESS Audrey Bouchard', 'corresponding capital increase', 'current dividend rights', 'total cash dividend', 'The Group', 'closing prices', 'financial year', 'Fnac Darty', '€152.60 cash adjustment', 'Euronext Paris', 'same rights', 'European leader', 'leisure products', 'consumer electronics', 'domestic appliances', 'multi-format network', 'Domitille Vielle', 'Laura Parisot', 'share capital', '2022 dividend payment', 'Tuesday 6 July', 'new shares', 'existing shares', 'share option', 'option period', '11,917,565 rights', 'record', 'Shareholders', '24 May', 'average', 'date', '31 December', 'June', 'favour', 'settlement', 'delivery', '12 countries', 'retail', 'entertainment', '25,000 employees', '987 stores', 'France', 'month', 'natureetdecouvertes', 'revenue', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27193,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRAWELL-CO-S-P-A-61871328/news/TraWell-Co-Change-of-Relevant-Shareholders-44251792/,TraWell Co: Change of Relevant Shareholders,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   CHANGE OF RELEVANT SHAREHOLDERS   Gallarate  1 July 2023 -TraWell Co S.p.A.   the worldwide leader in protection services  left luggage  ancillary products and services for travelers  announces that on 06/30/23 i…,PRESS RELEASECHANGE OF RELEVANT SHAREHOLDERSGallarate  1 July 2023 -TraWell Co S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana  Ticker: TWL  OTCQX New York  Ticker TRWAF)  the worldwide leader in protection services  left luggage  ancillary products and services for travelers  announces that on 06/30/23 it has received the communication by Truestar Real Estate SA of the exceeding of the relevant threshold of 5.00%. The latter informed the company that on 06/26/23 it owned 126 920 shares  equal to 5.12% of the share capital of TraWell Co.Based on the information available  the current shareholding of TraWell Co S.p.A. therefore it turns out to be the following:Shareholder Owned shares % Capital RG Holding S.r.l. 1 288 120 51.94% Marchin Investments BV 146 700 5.92% Truestar Real Estate SA 126 920 5.12% Free float 918 160 37.02% Total 2 479 900 100%About TraWell Co.TraWell Co is the global leader in protection services  luggage storage  products and ancillary services (including the Lost Luggage Concierge service provided by Sostravel.com). Listed on Euronext Growth Milan (ticker: BIT:TWL) and OTCQX New York (ticker: TRWAF)  the company operates 133 shops in 38 airports in 13 countries  with over 200 employees and 4 million customers served worldwide. TraWell Co. offers a unique exposure to a portfolio of businesses and services to travelers. With 25 years of experience  TraWell benefits from the growth of the air travel industry and spending on wellness and security services.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['TraWell Co', 'Relevant Shareholders', 'Change', 'TraWell Co S.p.A.', 'Holding S.r.l.', 'Truestar Real Estate SA', 'Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'PRESS RELEASE CHANGE', 'OTCQX New York', 'Marchin Investments BV', 'air travel industry', 'Shareholder Owned shares', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'TraWell Co.', 'luggage storage', 'RELEVANT SHAREHOLDERS', 'Borsa Italiana', 'worldwide leader', 'relevant threshold', 'current shareholding', 'Free float', 'global leader', 'Sostravel.com', '4 million customers', 'unique exposure', 'protection services', 'ancillary services', 'security services', 'ancillary products', 'share capital', 'Ticker TRWAF', '126,920 shares', 'Gallarate', '1 July', 'TWL', 'travelers', 'communication', 'exceeding', 'company', 'information', 'BIT', '133 shops', '38 airports', '13 countries', '200 employees', 'portfolio', 'businesses', '25 years', 'experience', 'wellness', '06']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27194,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAVESTONE-45568714/news/Wavestone-Shareholders-Annual-General-Meeting-documents-available-in-French-44254627/,Wavestone :  Shareholders' Annual General Meeting documents available (in French),(marketscreener.com)  Wavestone would like to inform its shareholders that the information related to the Annual General Meeting to take place on July 27  2023 is now available. It can be found under the Investors > Annual general meetings section of Wavest…,"Wavestone would like to inform its shareholders that the information related to the Annual General Meeting to take place on July 27  2023 is now available. It can be found (in French) under the Investors > Annual general meetings section of Wavestone website (www.wavestone.com).The documents contain:the Meeting notice;the Board of Directors report to the 07/27/23 Annual General Meeting;the Consolidated financial statements and Company financial statements at 03/31/23;the report on corporate governance;the 2022/23 statement of non-financial performance.The documents required by Article R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code are available to shareholders at the company's headquarters: Tour Franklin  100-101 terrasse Boieldieu  92042 Paris La Defense Cedex.They can also be requested from Uptevia – “Service Assemblées Générales » – 12 place des États-Unis CS 40083  92549 Montrouge Cedex.Notice of the General Meeting  containing the agenda and draft resolutions  was published on June 19  2023 in the “BALO” no. 73.About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large organizations in their most critical transformations  with the aim of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. This is anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in our overarching values  known as “The Positive Way.”Wavestone draws on more than 4 000 employees across Europe  Asia  and the United States  and is a leading global consultancy.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris  and recognized as a Great Place to Work®.WavestonePascal ImbertCEOTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00Justine BrossetFinancial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00 ActusMathieu OmnesInvestor and Analyst RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92Deborah SchwartzPress relationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lZ2alZuZkprHmG1uZJaZl5Zqb5iTm5THapOcyZeel8zFa3FonGlqmZqWZnFhnGdt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of the preparatory documents for the GM Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80727-wavestone_mise-a-disposition-docs-preparatoires-agm-2023-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"[""Shareholders' Annual General Meeting documents"", 'Wavestone', 'French', 'Service Assemblées Générales', 'Annual general meetings section', '92042 Paris La Defense Cedex', '07/27/23 Annual General Meeting', '100-101 terrasse Boieldieu', 'leading global consultancy', 'Pascal Imbert CEO', 'Consolidated financial statements', 'original press release', 'The Positive Way', 'next press releases', 'French Commercial Code', 'Company financial statements', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Montrouge Cedex.', 'Euronext Paris', 'Financial Communication', 'Press relations', 'positive outcome', 'News releases', 'Meeting notice', 'corporate governance', '2022/23 statement', 'non-financial performance', 'Tour Franklin', 'draft resolutions', 'large organizations', 'critical transformations', 'overarching values', 'United States', 'Justine Brosset', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Analyst Relations', 'Deborah Schwartz', 'GM Full', 'Regulated information', 'Great Place', 'preparatory documents', 'Wavestone website', '12 place', 'shareholders', 'July', 'Investors', 'Board', 'Directors', 'report', 'Article', 'headquarters', 'Uptevia', 'États-Unis', 'agenda', 'June', 'BALO', 'world', 'success', 'mission', 'aim', 'stakeholders', 'firm', 'DNA', '4,000 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Tel.', 'publication', 'provision', 'Terms', 'availability', 'PDF', 'disposition', 'docs', 'preparatoires', 'email', '33', '1 49', '1 53']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27195,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698698/0/en/Marie-Brizard-Wine-Spirits_-Half-year-review-of-Marie-Brizard-Wine-Spirits-liquidity-contract.html,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits_ Half-year review of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits’ liquidity contract,Charenton-le-Pont  July 3  2023  Half-year review of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits’ liquidity contract  Under Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits’......,English FrenchCharenton-le-Pont  July 3  2023Half-year review of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits’ liquidity contractUnder Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits’ liquidity contract with Natixis Oddo BHF  the liquidity account contained the following assets at 30 June 2023:93294 shares of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits56815 84 Euros in cashFor reference  at the time the contract was established on 29 June 2018  the account held the following assets:75528 shares of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits380177 12 Euros in cashOver the period from 1st January 2023 to 30 June 2023 the following operations were carried out:1097 purchase transactions883 sale transactionsOver the same period  the volumes traded represented:229339 shares and 502044 08 Euros for purchase transactions203436 shares and 449930 15 Euros for sale transactionsInvestor Relations & ShareholdersGroupe MBWSEmilie Drexlerrelations.actionnaires@mbws.comTél : +33 1 43 91 62 21 MediaImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurence Maurycdoligez@image7.fr – lmaury@image7.frTél : +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a Group of wines and spirits based in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting its origins.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits' commitment is to offer its customers brands of confidence  daring and full of flavours and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext PEA-PME150 index.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Marie Brizard Wine', 'Spirits_ Half-year review', 'Spirits’ liquidity contract', 'Natixis Oddo BHF', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'Maison Marie Brizard', 'Emilie Drexler relations', 'Spirits’ liquidity contract', 'Investor Relations', 'liquidity account', 'English French', 'Half-year review', 'following assets', '1st January', 'following operations', '1097 purchase transactions', '883 sale transactions', 'Tél', 'Claire Doligez', 'Laurence Maury', 'United States', 'long tradition', 'rich portfolio', 'market segments', 'William Peel', 'Cognac Gautier', 'Compartment B', 'Euronext Paris', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'The Group', ""Spirits' commitment"", 'same period', 'innovative spirit', 'Groupe MBWS', 'Image Sept', 'leading brands', 'Spirits Group', 'Charenton-le-Pont', '30 June', '93294 shares', 'cash', 'reference', 'time', '29 June', '75528 shares', '12 Euros', 'volumes', '229339 shares', '502044,08 Euros', '203436 shares', '449930,15 Euros', 'Shareholders', 'actionnaires', 'Media', 'wines', 'Europe', 'expertise', 'combination', 'birth', 'modernity', 'origins', 'customers', 'confidence', 'flavours', 'experiences', 'Sobieski', '150 index', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27196,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698706/0/en/Virbac-reassesses-its-2023-growth-and-Adjusted-EBIT1-forecasts.html,Virbac reassesses its 2023 growth and Adjusted EBIT1 forecasts,Several elements are currently impacting our business and leading us today to revise our forecasts for the 2023 financial year. As a reminder ...,English FrenchSeveral elements are currently impacting our business and leading us today to revise our forecasts for the 2023 financial year. As a reminder  at constant rates and scope  our initial forecast for revenue growth was within a range of between 4% and 6% while our initial forecast for ratio of Adjusted EBIT1 was within a range of between 13% and 14%. We now expect revenue growth at constant rates and scope within a range of between 0% and 4%. The ratio of Adjusted EBIT1 should now consolidate within a range of between 12% and 13% at constant exchange rates.On the one hand  we confirm the overall market growth slowdown observed during the first quarter  with decreasing volumes in many geographies while compared to 2022. On the other hand  we are facing production capacity’s limitations for dog and cat vaccines  temporary however larger than expected throughout this first semester. This situation weighs on our fixed costs’ absorption as well as on our sales  given our low level of vaccine stocks. In addition to that  there is also the impact linked to the cyberattack of which we were victims on June 19  though we are not yet able to precisely measure all its consequences. Our teams remain fully mobilized to ensure business continuity and implement remediation plans with deployments currently executed with efficiency and speed.All of these elements prevent us from envisaging a catch-up by the end of the year  hence leading us today to adjust our sales forecasts for the year 2023 and subsequently our forecasts of Adjusted EBIT. The momentum of our activity remains positive in many geographies and we also remain confident about the group's 2030 forecasts that remain unchanged.1 “current operating profit before amortization of assets resulting from acquisitions” to “revenue” ratioA lifelong commitment to animal healthAt Virbac  we provide innovative solutions to veterinarians  farmers and animal owners in more than 100 countries around the world. Covering more than 50 species  our range of products and services enables us to diagnose  prevent and treat the majority of pathologies. Every day  we are committed to improving the quality of life of animals and to shaping the future of animal health together.Virbac: Euronext Paris - subfund A –ISIN code: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs Department: tel. 04 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.27,0.47,True,English,"['EBIT1 forecasts', 'Virbac', '2023 growth', 'overall market growth slowdown', 'fixed costs’ absorption', 'Financial Affairs Department', 'constant exchange rates', 'constant rates', 'revenue growth', 'English French', 'initial forecast', 'one hand', 'first quarter', 'many geographies', 'other hand', 'production capacity', 'first semester', 'low level', 'vaccine stocks', 'remediation plans', 'lifelong commitment', 'animal health', 'innovative solutions', 'animal owners', 'Euronext Paris', 'subfund A', 'ISIN code', '2023 financial year', 'Several elements', 'Adjusted EBIT1', 'business continuity', 'sales forecasts', '2030 forecasts', 'reminder', 'scope', 'range', 'ratio', 'volumes', 'limitations', 'dog', 'cat', 'vaccines', 'situation', 'addition', 'impact', 'cyberattack', 'victims', 'June', 'consequences', 'teams', 'deployments', 'efficiency', 'speed', 'end', 'momentum', 'activity', 'group', 'amortization', 'assets', 'acquisitions', 'Virbac', 'veterinarians', 'farmers', '100 countries', 'world', '50 species', 'products', 'services', 'majority', 'pathologies', 'quality', 'animals', 'future', 'MNEMO', 'VIRP', 'tel.', 'email', 'finances', 'Website', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27197,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698280/0/en/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-completes-acquisition-of-Robeco-online-investment-platform-welcomes-clients-and-employees-to-Evi-van-Lanschot.html,Van Lanschot Kempen completes acquisition of Robeco online investment platform; welcomes clients and employees to Evi van Lanschot,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  3 July 2023  Van Lanschot Kempen has completed its acquisition of Robeco’s online distribution platform....,English DutchAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  3 July 2023Van Lanschot Kempen has completed its acquisition of Robeco’s online distribution platform. With this transaction  Evi van Lanschot will become a leading online investment platform in the Netherlands  with combined assets under management of around €6 billion and about 150 000 clients.Robeco Retail Nederland employees are now part of Van Lanschot Kempen  joining their colleagues at Evi van Lanschot to work towards further growth of the online investment service and the tie-up of both brands and websites – all centred on excellent service and personal attention.The combined Evi van Lanschot platform will continue to offer Robeco’s investment funds. Robeco’s clients will retain their current investments and continue to be able to buy and sell as normal.With the transfer to Evi van Lanschot  current Robeco Retail clients will regain the option to select a savings product in future. Evi van Lanschot will also focus on meeting the growing demand for investment products that reflect the ongoing individualisation of the Dutch pensions market in the wake of the country’s new pension agreement.The transaction sees Robeco and Van Lanschot Kempen bring together the deep-seated knowledge and expertise of two investment houses with a long Dutch history. As part of the transaction  both parties are committed to stepping up collaboration on behalf of Van Lanschot Kempen’s private banking clients.The transaction will have a negative impact on Van Lanschot Kempen’s CET 1 ratio of 0.5 percentage points. A two-year integration path is envisaged and is expected to involve one-off costs of between c. €8 million and €11 million. The new combination is expected to break even by 2025 and then to start making a positive contribution to Van Lanschot Kempen’s net profit.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen is an independent  specialist wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. Through our long-term focus  we create positive financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comImportant legal information and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and targets on future events and developments. These forward-looking statements and targets are based on the current insights  information and assumptions of Van Lanschot Kempen’s management about known and unknown risks  developments and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements and targets do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are subject to such risks  developments and uncertainties which by their very nature fall outside the control of Van Lanschot Kempen and its management. Actual results  performances and circumstances may differ considerably from these forward-looking statements andtargets.Van Lanschot Kempen cautions that forward-looking statements and targets in this press release are only valid on the specific dates on which they are expressed  and accepts no responsibility or obligation to revise or update any information  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason. The figures in this press release have not been audited.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.16,0.61,True,English,"['Robeco online investment platform', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'Evi van Lanschot', 'acquisition', 'clients', 'employees', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'Robeco Retail Nederland employees', 'leading online investment platform', 'Evi van Lanschot platform', 'current Robeco Retail clients', 'online distribution platform', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'two-year integration path', 'Dutch pensions market', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'two investment houses', 'online investment service', 'new pension agreement', 'long Dutch history', 'Important legal information', 'private banking clients', 'positive financial', 'financial instrument', 'investment banking', 'English Dutch', 'investment funds', 'investment products', 'excellent service', 'current investments', 'current insights', 'current facts', 'new combination', 'personal attention', 'savings product', 'growing demand', 'ongoing individualisation', 'deep-seated knowledge', 'negative impact', 'CET 1 ratio', '0.5 percentage points', 'one-off costs', 'positive contribution', 'net profit', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'sustainable way', 'long-term focus', 'non-financial value', 'cautionary note', 'forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'Actual results', 'specific dates', 'other reason', 'other way', 'new information', 'investment management', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'future events', 'unknown risks', '150,000 clients', 'Hertogenbosch', 'acquisition', 'transaction', 'assets', 'part', 'colleagues', 'growth', 'tie', 'up', 'brands', 'websites', 'combined', 'transfer', 'option', 'wake', 'country', 'expertise', 'collaboration', 'behalf', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'aim', 'society', 'targets', 'developments', 'assumptions', 'historical', 'nature', 'control', 'performances', 'circumstances', 'responsibility', 'obligation', 'figures', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'rights', 'Attachment', '3']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27198,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-345CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-June-26-30-2023-44251460/,Piquadro S p A : 345CS Piquadro buy back purchase week June 26 30 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   July 3  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the per…,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  July 3  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from June 26th to June 30th  2023  it purchased no. 2 316 treasury shares for a total consideration of 4 508.49 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 06/27/2023 83 1.9050 158.12 06/29/2023 333 1.9700 656.01 06/30/2023 1 900 1.9444 3 694.36 Total 2 316 1.9467 4 508.49Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of June 30th  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 968 421 treasury shares  equal to 3.9368% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 175 outlets including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 81 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 20 abroad  of which 74 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2022/2023 ended on March 31  2023  is € 175.6 million.Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '345CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'June', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', 'Piquadro product', '2,316 treasury shares', '1,968,421 treasury shares', 'total consideration', '81 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'back plan', 'leather accessories', 'June 30th', '33 franchised stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'reference', 'period', '4,508.49 Euro', 'July', 'Art.', 'bis', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', '175 outlets', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '74 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'March', 'October', '13']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27199,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CENERGY-HOLDINGS-S-A-32089807/news/Cenergy-S-A-Hellenic-Cables-in-partnership-with-Jan-De-Nul-is-awarded--44255376/,Cenergy S A : Hellenic Cables in partnership with Jan De Nul is awarded...,(marketscreener.com)  Brussels  3 July 2023   Cenergy Holdings announces that Hellenic Cables  its cables segment  in partnership with Jan De Nul Group has been awarded by TenneT the turnkey delivery of three HVAC offshore grid connection cables for the o…,"Brussels  3 July 2023Cenergy Holdings announces that Hellenic Cables  its cables segment  in partnership with Jan De Nul Group has been awarded by TenneT the turnkey delivery of three HVAC offshore grid connection cables for the offshore wind farms to be developed in zones N-3.7 & N-3.8 in Germany. These cables will connect the wind farms to the DolWin Kappa convertor station  from where HVDC cables transfer the produced energy to shore.Under the contract  Hellenic Cables will be responsible for designing  manufacturing  supplying  terminating  and testing of three 155kV HVAC grid connection cables and associated accessories. Manufacturing is planned for 2025 in Hellenic Cables' state-of-the-art submarine cable plant in Corinth  Greece and the delivery is expected in Q3 2025.After the manufacturing of all cables  Jan De Nul will take over performing the transportation  laying and protection works. A single cable will be installed between zone N-3.7 and the DolWin Kappa convertor covering a length of 16.5 km. The N-3.8 zone  on the other hand  will be connected to the convertor station by two cables  each with a length of approximately 10 km.Mr. Wouter Vermeersch  Manager Offshore Cables at Jan De Nul Group  commented: ""We are honored that TenneT selected Jan De Nul together with our partner Hellenic Cables to deliver the grid connection cables for these two future German wind farms. The project has a large similarity with the export cable projects Trianel Windpark Borkum II and Borkum Riffgrund II that Jan De Nul and Hellenic have delivered to TenneT back in 2018. Following the recent completion of the export cable installation scope for TenneT's Hollandse Kust Noord and West Alpha projects and TenneT's recent award to Jan De Nul of a German 525 kV cable system portfolio  we look forward to yet another successful collaboration"".Mr. Kostas Savvakis  General Manager at Hellenic Cables  stated: ""This collaboration exemplifies the power of strategic partnerships in driving the energy transition and advancing sustainable solutions. We look forward to working again with Jan De Nul Group and TenneT and successfully execute this project  contributing to the growth of offshore wind energy. We remain committed to delivering innovative solutions that support the global shift towards clean  renewable energy sources and strengthen Germany's security of supply.""About Jan De Nul GroupJan De Nul Group is a modern and innovative company that solves complex challenges of today's society. Our talented people develop sustainable solutions that contribute to the energy transition  securing the future of the next generation. Our expertise lies in five main activities: offshore energy  dredging and maritime construction  civil construction  environmental activities and project development. We enable the production of offshore energy and maintain the depth of waterways. We build new ports and create extra land. We realise complex infrastructure works and erect any type of building. We tackle pollution in whatever form. From design and engineering to the execution and maintenance  we unburden our clients with overall solutions that combine one  several or even all activities. -www.jandenul.comAbout Cenergy HoldingsCenergy Holdings is a Belgian holding company listed on both Euronext Brussels and Athens Stock Exchange  investing in leading industrial companies  focusing on the growing global demand of energy transfer  renewables and data transmission. The Cenergy Holdings portfolio consists of Corinth Pipeworks and Hellenic Cables  companies positioned at the forefront of their respective high growth sectors. Hellenic Cables is one of the largest cable producers in Europe  manufacturing power and telecom cables as well as submarine cables. Corinth Pipeworks is a world leader in steel pipe manufacturing for the energy sector and major producer of steel hollow sections for the construction sector. For more information  please visit our website www.cenergyholdings.com.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.01,True,English,"['Cenergy S A', 'Jan De Nul', 'Hellenic Cables', 'partnership', 'three 155kV HVAC grid connection cables', 'three HVAC offshore grid connection cables', 'German 525 kV cable system portfolio', 'two future German wind farms', 'Trianel Windpark Borkum II', 'export cable installation scope', 'Jan De Nul Group', 'art submarine cable plant', 'respective high growth sectors', 'clean, renewable energy sources', 'The Cenergy Holdings portfolio', 'DolWin Kappa convertor station', 'export cable projects', 'Borkum Riffgrund II', 'offshore wind farms', 'largest cable producers', 'Mr. Wouter Vermeersch', 'Hollandse Kust Noord', 'West Alpha projects', 'Mr. Kostas Savvakis', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'steel hollow sections', 'offshore wind energy', 'Belgian holding company', 'growing global demand', 'Manager Offshore Cables', 'five main activities', 'complex infrastructure works', 'leading industrial companies', 'steel pipe manufacturing', 'two cables', 'single cable', 'submarine cables', 'offshore energy', 'protection works', 'General Manager', 'global shift', 'innovative company', 'complex challenges', 'cables segment', 'HVDC cables', 'telecom cables', 'Hellenic Cables', 'energy transition', 'energy transfer', 'energy sector', 'associated accessories', 'zone N', 'N-3.8 zone', 'other hand', 'large similarity', 'recent completion', 'recent award', 'strategic partnerships', 'sustainable solutions', 'innovative solutions', 'talented people', 'next generation', 'maritime construction', 'civil construction', 'environmental activities', 'new ports', 'extra land', 'overall solutions', 'data transmission', 'world leader', 'major producer', 'construction sector', 'Corinth Pipeworks', 'turnkey delivery', 'successful collaboration', 'Euronext Brussels', 'project development', '3 July', 'TenneT', 'zones', 'Germany', 'contract', 'testing', 'Greece', 'Q3', 'transportation', 'length', '16.5 km', '10 km', 'power', 'security', 'supply', 'modern', 'today', 'society', 'expertise', 'dredging', 'production', 'depth', 'waterways', 'type', 'building', 'pollution', 'form', 'design', 'engineering', 'execution', 'maintenance', 'clients', 'several', 'jandenul', 'renewables', 'forefront', 'Europe', 'website', 'cenergyholdings']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27200,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COFACE-SA-16699936/news/COFACE-SA-Half-year-statement-of-the-liquidity-agreement-of-COFACE-SA-with-ODDO-BHF-44254374/,COFACE SA: Half-year statement of the liquidity agreement of COFACE SA with ODDO BHF,(marketscreener.com) COFACE SA: Half-year statement of the liquidity agreement of COFACE SA with ODDO BHF Paris  3rd July 2023 – 17.45 Pursuant to Regulation No 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse1 As per the liquidity contract granted by COFACE SA to O…,COFACE SA: Half-year statement of the liquidity agreement of COFACE SA with ODDO BHFParis  3rd July 2023 – 17.45Pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse1As per the liquidity contract granted by COFACE SA to ODDO BHF on COFACE SA shares (Code ISIN FR0010667147)  the following assets appeared on the liquidity account as at 30 June 2023:172 614 COFACE SA shares1 776 433.2EurosAs a reminder  on the date of signature of the contract  the following resources appeared in the dedicated liquidity account:76  542 COFACE SA shares2 171 235.7 EurosDuring the period from 01/01/2023 to 30/06/2023 were executed:Buy transactions: 4 637Sell transactions: 4 639During the same period  the traded volumes represented:Buy transactions: 1 841 529 shares for 24 363 269.4 EurosSell transactions: 1 779 352shares for 23 614 081.3EurosCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comCorentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 – corentin.henry@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023(subject to change)H1-2023 results: 10 August 2023 (after market close)9M-2023 results: 14 November 2023 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2022 and our 2022 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com .COFACE: FOR TRADEWith over 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in trade credit insurance & risk management  and a recognized provider of Factoring  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Bonding  and Information Services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients in 100 countries build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses. With Coface’s insight and advice  these companies can make informed decisions. The Group' solutions strengthen their ability to sell by providing them with reliable information on their commercial partners and protecting them against non-payment risks  both domestically and for export. In 2022  Coface employed ~4 720 people and registered a turnover of €1.81 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2023 under the number D.23-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.1Also in pursuant to articles L. 225-209 and following of the French Commercial Code; the provisions of the General Regulations of the French Market Regulator (AMF) and the AMF decision No.2011-07 (March 21st  2011)  updating the accepted market practices on liquidity agreements.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'Half-year statement', 'liquidity agreement', 'ODDO BHF', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Alternative Performance Measures', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'trade credit insurance', 'French Commercial Code', 'integral regulatory information', ""The Group' solutions"", 'Main risk factors', 'French Market Regulator', 'dedicated liquidity account', 'The Coface Group', 'COFACE SA shares', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'benoit.chastel', 'FOR TRADE', 'commercial partners', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'liquidity agreement', 'regulated information', 'risk management', 'Information Services', 'reliable information', 'new information', 'Half-year statement', 'ODDO BHF', '3rd July', 'market abuse1', 'following assets', 'following resources', 'Buy transactions', 'Sell transactions', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Corentin HENRY', 'corentin.henry', 'H1-2023 results', 'market close', '9M-2023 results', 'press release', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'recognized provider', 'Debt Collection', 'global economy', 'informed decisions', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'General Regulations', 'market practices', 'liquidity contract', 'non-payment risks', 'unidentified risks', 'same period', 'dynamic businesses', 'Certain declarations', 'AMF decision', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', '1,841,529 shares', '16 April', '30 June', 'reminder', 'date', 'signature', '01/01', '30/06', 'volumes', '1,779,352shares', 'Euros', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', '10 August', 'website', 'APM', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', '100 countries', 'insight', 'advice', 'companies', 'ability', 'export', '~4,720 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'number', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'articles', 'provisions', 'March', 'Attachment', '4,637', '639', '49 02', '1 49', '14']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27201,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-LANSCHOT-KEMPEN-N-V-6308/news/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-completes-acquisition-of-Robeco-online-investment-platform-welcomes-clients-and-44249992/,Van Lanschot Kempen completes acquisition of Robeco online investment platform; welcomes clients and employees to Evi van Lanschot,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  3 July 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has completed its acquisition of Robeco’s online distribution platform. With this transaction  Evi van Lanschot will become a leading online investment platform …,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  3 July2023Van Lanschot Kempen has completed its acquisition of Robeco’s online distribution platform. With this transaction  Evi van Lanschot will become a leading online investment platform in the Netherlands  with combined assets under management of around €6 billion and about 150 000 clients.Robeco Retail Nederland employees are now part of Van Lanschot Kempen  joining their colleagues at Evi van Lanschot to work towards further growth of the online investment service and the tie-up of both brands and websites – all centred on excellent service and personal attention.The combined Evi van Lanschot platform will continue to offer Robeco’s investment funds. Robeco’s clients will retain their current investments and continue to be able to buy and sell as normal.With the transfer to Evi van Lanschot  current Robeco Retail clients will regain the option to select a savings product in future. Evi van Lanschot will also focus on meeting the growing demand for investment products that reflect the ongoing individualisation of the Dutch pensions market in the wake of the country’s new pension agreement.The transaction sees Robeco and Van Lanschot Kempen bring together the deep-seated knowledge and expertise of two investment houses with a long Dutch history. As part of the transaction  both parties are committed to stepping up collaboration on behalf of Van Lanschot Kempen’s private banking clients.The transaction will have a negative impact on Van Lanschot Kempen’s CET 1 ratio of 0.5 percentage points. A two-year integration path is envisaged and is expected to involve one-off costs of between c. €8 million and €11 million. The new combination is expected to break even by 2025 and then to start making a positive contribution to Van Lanschot Kempen’s net profit.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen is an independent  specialist wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. Through our long-term focus  we create positive financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comImportant legal information and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and targets on future events and developments. These forward-looking statements and targets are based on the current insights  information and assumptions of Van Lanschot Kempen’s management about known and unknown risks  developments and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements and targets do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are subject to such risks  developments and uncertainties which by their very nature fall outside the control of Van Lanschot Kempen and its management. Actual results  performances and circumstances may differ considerably from these forward-looking statements andtargets.Van Lanschot Kempen cautions that forward-looking statements and targets in this press release are only valid on the specific dates on which they are expressed  and accepts no responsibility or obligation to revise or update any information  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason. The figures in this press release have not been audited.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.21,0.51,True,English,"['Robeco online investment platform', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'Evi van Lanschot', 'acquisition', 'clients', 'employees', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'Robeco Retail Nederland employees', 'leading online investment platform', 'Evi van Lanschot platform', 'current Robeco Retail clients', 'online distribution platform', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'Dutch pensions market', 'two-year integration path', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'two investment houses', 'online investment service', 'new pension agreement', 'long Dutch history', 'Important legal information', 'private banking clients', 'positive financial', 'financial instrument', 'investment banking', 'investment funds', 'investment products', 'excellent service', 'current investments', 'current insights', 'current facts', 'new combination', 'personal attention', 'savings product', 'growing demand', 'ongoing individualisation', 'deep-seated knowledge', 'negative impact', 'CET 1 ratio', '0.5 percentage points', 'one-off costs', 'positive contribution', 'net profit', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'sustainable way', 'long-term focus', 'non-financial value', 'cautionary note', 'forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'Actual results', 'specific dates', 'other reason', 'other way', 'new information', 'investment management', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'future events', 'unknown risks', '150,000 clients', 'Hertogenbosch', 'acquisition', 'transaction', 'assets', 'part', 'colleagues', 'growth', 'tie', 'up', 'brands', 'websites', 'transfer', 'option', 'wake', 'country', 'expertise', 'collaboration', 'behalf', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'aim', 'society', 'targets', 'developments', 'assumptions', 'historical', 'nature', 'control', 'performances', 'circumstances', 'responsibility', 'obligation', 'figures', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27202,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-N-V-Update-share-buy-back-programme-ForFarmers-44250036/,ForFarmers N.V.: Update share buy-back programme ForFarmers,(marketscreener.com) Lochem  3 July 2023 ForFarmers N.V. has repurchased 64 035 shares in the period from 26 June 2023 through 30 June 2023. The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.70 per share  for a total amount of €173 093. These repurchases …,"Lochem  3 July 2023ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 64 035 shares in the period from 26 June 2023 through 30 June 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.70 per share  for a total amount of €173 093. These repurchases were made in accordance with the authorisation granted by the ForFarmers Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 13 April 2023. The authorisation concerns the buy-back of shares for ForFarmers to fulfil its obligations arising from (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes and obligations from employee participation plans 2022. It concerns a maximum of 625 000 shares  for a maximum amount of €3 125 000.The total number of shares that has been repurchased to date according to these programmes is 370 497 shares  for a total amount of €1 049 612.More information about the share buy-back programme is available on the ForFarmers website www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en .This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Download the weekly report regarding progress of share buy-back programme (including the individual transactions)Note to the editor / For additional information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor RelationsT: 0031 573 288 194 M: 0031 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that offers complete and innovative feed solutions for livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and further sustainalising the agricultural sector.ForFarmers is the market leader in Europe with annual sales of approximately 9 million tons of animal feed. The company is operating in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately € 3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00  F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99  info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at“  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'Update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'ForFarmers Annual General Meeting', 'ForFarmers future financial results', 'general economic conditions', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'Director Investor Relations', 'P.O. Box', 'employee participation plans', 'innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'share price fluctuations', 'share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers legal obligations', 'market leader', 'annual sales', 'annual report', 'average price', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'actual results', 'future results', 'legal procedures', 'ForFarmers website', 'total amount', 'depositary receipts', 'press release', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'weekly report', 'individual transactions', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', '9 million tons', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'similar meaning', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'same include', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'future events', 'More information', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'new information', 'maximum amount', 'total number', '7240 AB Lochem', 'other factors', 'livestock farming', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '3 July', '64,035 shares', 'period', '26 June', '30 June', 'repurchases', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '13 April', '625,000 shares', 'date', 'programmes', '370,497 shares', 'sense', 'progress', 'Note', 'editor', 'complete', 'mission', 'continuity', 'Europe', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'variations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'last', 'document', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'changes']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27203,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698287/0/en/ForFarmers-N-V-Update-share-buy-back-programme-ForFarmers.html,ForFarmers N.V.: Update share buy-back programme ForFarmers,Lochem  3 July 2023      ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 64 035 shares in the period from 26 June 2023 through 30 June 2023.  The shares...,"English DutchLochem  3 July 2023ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 64 035 shares in the period from 26 June 2023 through 30 June 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.70 per share  for a total amount of €173 093. These repurchases were made in accordance with the authorisation granted by the ForFarmers Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 13 April 2023. The authorisation concerns the buy-back of shares for ForFarmers to fulfil its obligations arising from (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes and obligations from employee participation plans 2022. It concerns a maximum of 625 000 shares  for a maximum amount of €3 125 000.The total number of shares that has been repurchased to date according to these programmes is 370 497 shares  for a total amount of €1 049 612.More information about the share buy-back programme is available on the ForFarmers website www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en .This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Download the weekly report regarding progress of share buy-back programme (including the individual transactions)Note to the editor / For additional information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor RelationsT: 0031 573 288 194 M: 0031 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that offers complete and innovative feed solutions for livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and further sustainalising the agricultural sector.ForFarmers is the market leader in Europe with annual sales of approximately 9 million tons of animal feed. The company is operating in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately € 3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00  F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99  info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at“  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'Update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'ForFarmers Annual General Meeting', 'general economic conditions', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'Director Investor Relations', 'P.O. Box', 'English Dutch Lochem', 'employee participation plans', 'innovative feed solutions', 'share price fluctuations', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'share buy-back programme', 'future financial results', 'ForFarmers legal obligations', 'market leader', 'annual sales', 'annual report', 'average price', 'animal feed', '7240 AB Lochem', 'business plans', 'legal procedures', 'actual results', 'future results', 'total amount', 'depositary receipts', 'press release', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'weekly report', 'individual transactions', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', '9 million tons', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'similar meaning', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'same include', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'ForFarmers website', 'More information', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'new information', 'future events', 'maximum amount', 'total number', 'other factors', 'livestock farming', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '3 July', '64,035 shares', 'period', '26 June', '30 June', 'repurchases', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '13 April', '625,000 shares', 'date', 'programmes', '370,497 shares', 'sense', 'progress', 'Note', 'editor', 'complete', 'mission', 'continuity', 'Europe', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'variations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'last', 'document', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'changes']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27204,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698683/0/en/COFACE-SA-Half-year-statement-of-the-liquidity-agreement-of-COFACE-SA-with-ODDO-BHF.html,COFACE SA: Half-year statement of the liquidity agreement of COFACE SA with ODDO BHF,COFACE SA: Half-year statement of the liquidity agreement of COFACE SA with ODDO BHF  Paris  3rd July 2023 – 17.45  Pursuant to Regulation (EU) No...,English FrenchCOFACE SA: Half-year statement of the liquidity agreement of COFACE SA with ODDO BHFParis  3rd July 2023 – 17.45Pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse1As per the liquidity contract granted by COFACE SA to ODDO BHF on COFACE SA shares (Code ISIN FR0010667147)  the following assets appeared on the liquidity account as at 30 June 2023:172 614 COFACE SA shares1 776 433.2 EurosAs a reminder  on the date of signature of the contract  the following resources appeared in the dedicated liquidity account:76  542 COFACE SA shares2 171 235.7 EurosDuring the period from 01/01/2023 to 30/06/2023 were executed:Buy transactions: 4 637Sell transactions: 4 639During the same period  the traded volumes represented:Buy transactions: 1 841 529 shares for 24 363 269.4 EurosSell transactions: 1 779 352 shares for 23 614 081.3 EurosCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comCorentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 – corentin.henry@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023(subject to change)H1-2023 results: 10 August 2023 (after market close)9M-2023 results: 14 November 2023 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2022 and our 2022 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith over 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in trade credit insurance & risk management  and a recognized provider of Factoring  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Bonding  and Information Services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients in 100 countries build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses. With Coface’s insight and advice  these companies can make informed decisions. The Group' solutions strengthen their ability to sell by providing them with reliable information on their commercial partners and protecting them against non-payment risks  both domestically and for export. In 2022  Coface employed ~4 720 people and registered a turnover of €1.81 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2023 under the number D.23-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.1 Also in pursuant to articles L. 225-209 and following of the French Commercial Code; the provisions of the General Regulations of the French Market Regulator (AMF) and the AMF decision No.2011-07 (March 21st  2011)  updating the accepted market practices on liquidity agreements.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'Half-year statement', 'liquidity agreement', 'ODDO BHF', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Alternative Performance Measures', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'trade credit insurance', 'integral regulatory information', 'French Commercial Code', ""The Group' solutions"", 'Main risk factors', 'dedicated liquidity account', 'French Market Regulator', 'The Coface Group', 'COFACE SA shares', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'English French', 'benoit.chastel', 'FOR TRADE', 'commercial partners', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'liquidity agreement', 'regulated information', 'risk management', 'Information Services', 'reliable information', 'new information', 'Half-year statement', 'ODDO BHF', '3rd July', 'market abuse1', 'following assets', 'following resources', 'Buy transactions', 'Sell transactions', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Corentin HENRY', 'corentin.henry', 'H1-2023 results', 'market close', '9M-2023 results', 'press release', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'recognized provider', 'Debt Collection', 'global economy', 'informed decisions', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'General Regulations', 'market practices', 'liquidity contract', 'payment risks', 'unidentified risks', 'same period', 'dynamic businesses', 'Certain declarations', 'AMF decision', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', '1,841,529 shares', '1,779,352 shares', '16 April', '30 June', 'reminder', 'date', 'signature', '01/01', '30/06', 'volumes', '1.3 Euros', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'website', 'APM', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', '100 countries', 'insight', 'advice', 'companies', 'ability', 'export', '~4,720 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'number', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'articles', 'provisions', 'March', 'Attachment', '4,637', '9.', '49 02', '1 49', '14']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27205,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-Estimated-NAV-s-44254485/,BGHL (EUR): Estimated NAV(s),(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 30/06/2023. Estimated NAV  Euro SharesSterling Sha…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30/06/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7680 £ 23.7158 Estimated MTD return 0.17 % 0.29 % Estimated YTD return -3.61 % -2.91 % Estimated ITD return 167.68 % 137.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27206,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-Estimated-NAV-s-44254486/,BGHL (GBP): Estimated NAV(s),(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 30/06/2023. Estimated NAV  Euro SharesSterling Sha…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30/06/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7680 £ 23.7158 Estimated MTD return 0.17 % 0.29 % Estimated YTD return -3.61 % -2.91 % Estimated ITD return 167.68 % 137.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27207,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SIDETRADE-S-A-3033378/news/Sidetrade-acquires-US-based-CreditPoint-Software-to-disrupt-B2B-credit-risk-market-44250083/,Sidetrade acquires US-based CreditPoint Software to disrupt B2B credit risk market,(marketscreener.com) Acquisition catalyzes disruptive real time B2B credit risk management solutions Enhances Sidetrade’s offer with the most advanced solution and responds to booming B2B e-commerce market Sidetrade strengthens position in North America Accre…,"Acquisition catalyzes disruptive real time B2B credit risk management solutionsEnhances Sidetrade’s offer with the most advanced solution and responds to booming B2B e-commerce marketSidetrade strengthens position in North AmericaAccretive acquisitionSidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA)  the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash solutions  has announced that it has finalized an agreement to acquire the entire business of CreditPoint Software   a leading provider of real time B2B credit risk management solutions.Two years on from the Amalto takeover  Sidetrade gains a stronger foothold in North America with the acquisition of CreditPoint Software activities.Olivier Novasque  CEO of Sidetrade  said:""By acquiring CreditPoint Software  Sidetrade has undoubtedly enhanced its solution for B2B credit risk management and we are in pole position to take advantage of the boom in B2B e-commerce. After placing artificial intelligence at the core of our Collection  Disputes and CashApps solutions  we are now shaping the future of B2B credit risk management together with CreditPoint Software's teams as we build on the analysis from our Data Lake of over $4.6 billion worth of B2B transactions. Our technological advantage in AI over our competitors will only continue to assert itself and become even more evident. Working in tandem  the talents and technologies of both groups will enable Sidetrade to cement its global leadership position in Order-to-Cash.”Introducing CreditPoint Software and its state-of-the-art platform for instant credit risk managementFounded in 2006 in the city of Tulsa  Oklahoma  CreditPoint Software is an American software company specializing in comprehensive B2B credit risk management solutions.Following a decade of substantial R&D investment  CreditPoint Software has developed one of the world-leading cloud-based platforms that leverages real time connection and monitoring for over 20 credit rating agencies worldwide including Dun & BradstreetTM  CreditsafeTM  ExperianTM  EquifaxTM  TransUnionTM as well as S&P and MoodysTM. By standardizing external data from multiple sources within a single repository  CreditPoint Software makes it possible for companies to combine this information with their internal financial and customer data on credit risk exposure. This enables Credit Management teams to automate and streamline decision-making  thanks to the platform's unlimited configuration options  resulting in the ability to auto decide up to 100% of initial  increase and renewal decisions. The CreditPoint suite of products also includes highly configurable personalized credit application templates.Supported by customizable business rules and data points  the decision engine within CreditPoint Software secures compliance with internal credit delegations based on delegation of authority. CreditPoint Software also schedules regular reviews of current credit limits for existing clientele  while providing the option for sales teams and organizations to be made aware of credit availability so they may potentially generate additional sales. The end result: selling more to the best customers and pricing risk into the customers that may not be as healthy financially as others.What's more  CreditPoint Software's ""Onboarding Credit Application"" facilitates the initial process for customers to apply for a credit line  irrespective of whether the B2B purchasing experience is delivered offline or online. In an increasingly digitalized landscape  where digital transformation is key  providing real-time credit approval during the onboarding process of new customers becomes an essential competitive advantage for all businesses.To date  CreditPoint Software has an active portfolio of around 30 customers in North America and serves multinationals such as Nutrien  BP  Edelman and Caterpillar.In the fiscal year 2023  CreditPoint Software expects to break even  with revenue topping the $2 million mark.John C. Powers  CEO of CreditPoint Software  commented:""This deal with Sidetrade is a major step forward in our commitment to providing leading-edge solutions for B2B credit risk management. In today's uncertain economic environment  companies seek efficient solutions that anticipate risks and automate decisions to secure and increase their revenue streams. By leveraging Sidetrade's Data Lake with its predictive payment intelligence map of 21 million companies worldwide  we will deploy artificial intelligence in all our decisioning to provide companies with the risk management solution of the future. Propelled by Sidetrade's sales force and implementation resources  we will further expand this new offering throughout the United States and bring it to the European market for the first time.""Contextualizing CreditPoint Software  the solution designed for the B2B e-commerce boomWhile McKinsey & Company estimated that the majority of B2B corporations had next to no e-commerce capabilities at the start of the pandemic  the past two years have seen a rapid trend reversal. In its 2021 B2B Pulse Report   the US consulting firm found that 65% of B2B companies across all sectors offer e-commerce capabilities.A DHL study also reported that by 2025  80% of all B2B sales interactions between suppliers and professional buyers will take place digitally  representing a giant and unprecedented leap forward. And in its 2022 report  Statista expects total B2B e-commerce purchases to exceed $4.6 trillion in 2025. Clearly  e-commerce is no longer just a trendy new channel for B2B companies to discover  but instead an essential effective and strategic sales tool.Compared to B2C e-commerce  B2B e-commerce places more importance on credit and payment terms. A series of checks must be performed in real time to validate an order. However  managing such procedures instantly requires a step-by-step process. The latter involves identifying the company  integrating external financial data  decision-making and delegating approval based on the total order amount.Nevertheless  across the globe  very few companies can implement a solution to overcome the limitations of B2B e-commerce and offer a customer experience to match the B2C shopping experience.""The boom in e-commerce has revolutionized sales and consumption patterns. In B2B  the growth of e-commerce requires companies to find the right solution for the right emerging expectation. You need to determine an acceptable payment delay to minimize risk and instantly maximize sales."" commented Olivier Novasque  CEO of Sidetrade. ""For B2B companies that want to continue leading the way in their sectors  e-commerce is no longer just a nice to have  but an essential requirement. We will support them by utilizing our teams and the technology of CreditPoint Software. No matter the sector  it is a pressing need.""Focusing on the accretive acquisition of CreditPoint Software assetThis acquisition will be made in cash for an estimated €3 million and paid in part on the signing of the agreement with the rest scheduled for end-2023  which is subject to certain customer renewals. The amount includes an earn out based on the sales achieved by Sidetrade for CreditPoint Software's solution over the next three years.Sidetrade is financing the transaction through its cash position  which totaled €36 million (€12 million in treasury shares) as of June 30  2023.The transaction is part of the Group's Fusion 100 strategic plan which targets Annual Recurring Revenue (""ARR"") of $100 million by end-2025. Not only is it a catalyst for Sidetrade's product strategy  but also its target revenue for North America of close to $14 million in 2023 which will bolster the Group's presence in the United States.Sidetrade ContactsInvestor Relations Christelle Dhrif 00 33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comMedia Relations Rebecca Parlby +44 7824 5055 84 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4.6 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 300 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Criteo  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Inmarsat  and Bidfood.Sidetrade is a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.About CreditPoint Software ( www.creditpointsoftware.com )CreditPoint Software was founded in 2006  by a former credit professional  who realized there was a better way to help companies manage their credit and collections processes. From small and medium-sized companies  all the way up to Fortune 50  CreditPoint Software serves a myriad of business types and sizes. With 20+ years of experience  CreditPoint Software works with B2B companies to minimize risk and reduce DSO by streamlining the credit risk management process from decisioning to monitoring and collections.CreditPoint Software has helped businesses across industries increase workflow efficiency  gain transparency  and ultimately save millions in bad debt reduction and productivity increasesIn the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment",negative,0.0,0.04,0.95,mixed,0.25,0.08,0.67,True,English,"['B2B credit risk market', 'US-based CreditPoint Software', 'Sidetrade', 'disruptive real time B2B credit risk management solutions', 'comprehensive B2B credit risk management solutions', 'configurable personalized credit application templates', 'booming B2B e-commerce market Sidetrade', 'instant credit risk management', 'substantial R&D investment', 'predictive payment intelligence map', 'real time connection', 'credit risk exposure', 'Credit Management teams', 'Onboarding Credit Application', 'B2B purchasing experience', '2021 B2B Pulse Report', '20 credit rating agencies', 'current credit limits', 'real-time credit approval', 'internal credit delegations', 'B2B e-commerce boom', 'world-leading cloud-based platforms', 'unlimited configuration options', 'John C. Powers', 'uncertain economic environment', 'past two years', 'rapid trend reversal', 'customizable business rules', 'The CreditPoint suite', 'essential competitive advantage', 'global leadership position', 'CreditPoint Software activities', 'American software company', 'first time', 'Accretive acquisition Sidetrade', 'CashApps solutions', 'leading-edge solutions', 'efficient solutions', 'B2B transactions', 'B2B corporations', 'credit availability', 'credit line', 'Cash solutions', 'European market', 'e-commerce capabilities', 'artificial intelligence', 'entire business', 'internal financial', 'onboarding process', 'North America', 'Euronext Growth', 'leading provider', 'Amalto takeover', 'stronger foothold', 'Olivier Novasque', 'pole position', 'Data Lake', '$4.6 billion worth', 'technological advantage', 'S&P', 'external data', 'multiple sources', 'single repository', 'customer data', 'initial, increase', 'data points', 'decision engine', 'regular reviews', 'existing clientele', 'sales teams', 'additional sales', 'end result', 'initial process', 'digitalized landscape', 'digital transformation', 'active portfolio', 'fiscal year', '$2 million mark', 'major step', 'sales force', 'implementation resources', 'new offering', 'United States', 'US cons', 'advanced solution', 'AI-powered Order', 'art platform', 'renewal decisions', 'revenue streams', 'best customers', 'new customers', '21 million companies', '30 customers', 'ALBFR', 'agreement', 'CEO', 'core', 'Collection', 'Disputes', 'future', 'analysis', 'competitors', 'tandem', 'talents', 'technologies', 'groups', 'city', 'Tulsa', 'Oklahoma', 'decade', 'monitoring', 'Dun', 'BradstreetTM', 'CreditsafeTM', 'ExperianTM', 'EquifaxTM', 'TransUnionTM', 'MoodysTM', 'information', 'decision-making', 'products', 'compliance', 'authority', 'organizations', 'others', 'businesses', 'date', 'multinationals', 'Nutrien', 'BP', 'Edelman', 'Caterpillar', 'deal', 'commitment', 'today', 'risks', 'decisioning', 'McKinsey', 'majority', 'start', 'pandemic']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27208,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698292/0/en/Sidetrade-acquires-US-based-CreditPoint-Software-to-disrupt-B2B-credit-risk-market.html,Sidetrade acquires US-based CreditPoint Software to disrupt B2B credit risk market,Acquisition catalyzes disruptive real time B2B credit risk management solutions  Enhances Sidetrade’s offer with the most advanced solution and responds...,"French EnglishAcquisition catalyzes disruptive real time B2B credit risk management solutionsEnhances Sidetrade’s offer with the most advanced solution and responds to booming B2B e-commerce marketSidetrade strengthens position in North AmericaAccretive acquisitionSidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA)  the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash solutions  has announced that it has finalized an agreement to acquire the entire business of CreditPoint Software   a leading provider of real time B2B credit risk management solutions.Two years on from the Amalto takeover  Sidetrade gains a stronger foothold in North America with the acquisition of CreditPoint Software activities.Olivier Novasque  CEO of Sidetrade  said: ""By acquiring CreditPoint Software  Sidetrade has undoubtedly enhanced its solution for B2B credit risk management and we are in pole position to take advantage of the boom in B2B e-commerce. After placing artificial intelligence at the core of our Collection  Disputes and CashApps solutions  we are now shaping the future of B2B credit risk management together with CreditPoint Software's teams as we build on the analysis from our Data Lake of over $4.6 billion worth of B2B transactions. Our technological advantage in AI over our competitors will only continue to assert itself and become even more evident. Working in tandem  the talents and technologies of both groups will enable Sidetrade to cement its global leadership position in Order-to-Cash.”Introducing CreditPoint Software and its state-of-the-art platform for instant credit risk managementFounded in 2006 in the city of Tulsa  Oklahoma  CreditPoint Software is an American software company specializing in comprehensive B2B credit risk management solutions.Following a decade of substantial R&D investment  CreditPoint Software has developed one of the world-leading cloud-based platforms that leverages real time connection and monitoring for over 20 credit rating agencies worldwide including Dun & BradstreetTM  CreditsafeTM  ExperianTM  EquifaxTM  TransUnionTM as well as S&P and MoodysTM. By standardizing external data from multiple sources within a single repository  CreditPoint Software makes it possible for companies to combine this information with their internal financial and customer data on credit risk exposure. This enables Credit Management teams to automate and streamline decision-making  thanks to the platform's unlimited configuration options  resulting in the ability to auto decide up to 100% of initial  increase and renewal decisions. The CreditPoint suite of products also includes highly configurable personalized credit application templates.Supported by customizable business rules and data points  the decision engine within CreditPoint Software secures compliance with internal credit delegations based on delegation of authority. CreditPoint Software also schedules regular reviews of current credit limits for existing clientele  while providing the option for sales teams and organizations to be made aware of credit availability so they may potentially generate additional sales. The end result: selling more to the best customers and pricing risk into the customers that may not be as healthy financially as others.What's more  CreditPoint Software's ""Onboarding Credit Application"" facilitates the initial process for customers to apply for a credit line  irrespective of whether the B2B purchasing experience is delivered offline or online. In an increasingly digitalized landscape  where digital transformation is key  providing real-time credit approval during the onboarding process of new customers becomes an essential competitive advantage for all businesses.To date  CreditPoint Software has an active portfolio of around 30 customers in North America and serves multinationals such as Nutrien  BP  Edelman and Caterpillar.In the fiscal year 2023  CreditPoint Software expects to break even  with revenue topping the $2 million mark.John C. Powers  CEO of CreditPoint Software  commented:""This deal with Sidetrade is a major step forward in our commitment to providing leading-edge solutions for B2B credit risk management. In today's uncertain economic environment  companies seek efficient solutions that anticipate risks and automate decisions to secure and increase their revenue streams. By leveraging Sidetrade's Data Lake with its predictive payment intelligence map of 21 million companies worldwide  we will deploy artificial intelligence in all our decisioning to provide companies with the risk management solution of the future. Propelled by Sidetrade's sales force and implementation resources  we will further expand this new offering throughout the United States and bring it to the European market for the first time.""Contextualizing CreditPoint Software  the solution designed for the B2B e-commerce boomWhile McKinsey & Company estimated that the majority of B2B corporations had next to no e-commerce capabilities at the start of the pandemic  the past two years have seen a rapid trend reversal. In its 2021 B2B Pulse Report   the US consulting firm found that 65% of B2B companies across all sectors offer e-commerce capabilities.A DHL study also reported that by 2025  80% of all B2B sales interactions between suppliers and professional buyers will take place digitally  representing a giant and unprecedented leap forward. And in its 2022 report  Statista expects total B2B e-commerce purchases to exceed $4.6 trillion in 2025. Clearly  e-commerce is no longer just a trendy new channel for B2B companies to discover  but instead an essential effective and strategic sales tool.Compared to B2C e-commerce  B2B e-commerce places more importance on credit and payment terms. A series of checks must be performed in real time to validate an order. However  managing such procedures instantly requires a step-by-step process. The latter involves identifying the company  integrating external financial data  decision-making and delegating approval based on the total order amount.Nevertheless  across the globe  very few companies can implement a solution to overcome the limitations of B2B e-commerce and offer a customer experience to match the B2C shopping experience.""The boom in e-commerce has revolutionized sales and consumption patterns. In B2B  the growth of e-commerce requires companies to find the right solution for the right emerging expectation. You need to determine an acceptable payment delay to minimize risk and instantly maximize sales."" commented Olivier Novasque  CEO of Sidetrade. ""For B2B companies that want to continue leading the way in their sectors  e-commerce is no longer just a nice to have  but an essential requirement. We will support them by utilizing our teams and the technology of CreditPoint Software. No matter the sector  it is a pressing need.""Focusing on the accretive acquisition of CreditPoint Software assetThis acquisition will be made in cash for an estimated €3 million and paid in part on the signing of the agreement with the rest scheduled for end-2023  which is subject to certain customer renewals. The amount includes an earn out based on the sales achieved by Sidetrade for CreditPoint Software's solution over the next three years.Sidetrade is financing the transaction through its cash position  which totaled €36 million (€12 million in treasury shares) as of June 30  2023.The transaction is part of the Group's Fusion 100 strategic plan which targets Annual Recurring Revenue (""ARR"") of $100 million by end-2025. Not only is it a catalyst for Sidetrade's product strategy  but also its target revenue for North America of close to $14 million in 2023 which will bolster the Group's presence in the United States.Sidetrade ContactsInvestor Relations Christelle Dhrif 00 33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comMedia Relations Rebecca Parlby +44 7824 5055 84 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4.6 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 300 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Criteo  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Inmarsat  and Bidfood.Sidetrade is a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.About CreditPoint Software ( www.creditpointsoftware.com )CreditPoint Software was founded in 2006  by a former credit professional  who realized there was a better way to help companies manage their credit and collections processes. From small and medium-sized companies  all the way up to Fortune 50  CreditPoint Software serves a myriad of business types and sizes. With 20+ years of experience  CreditPoint Software works with B2B companies to minimize risk and reduce DSO by streamlining the credit risk management process from decisioning to monitoring and collections.CreditPoint Software has helped businesses across industries increase workflow efficiency  gain transparency  and ultimately save millions in bad debt reduction and productivity increasesIn the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment",negative,0.0,0.04,0.95,mixed,0.21,0.25,0.54,True,English,"['B2B credit risk market', 'US-based CreditPoint Software', 'Sidetrade', 'disruptive real time B2B credit risk management solutions', 'comprehensive B2B credit risk management solutions', 'configurable personalized credit application templates', 'booming B2B e-commerce market Sidetrade', 'instant credit risk management', 'substantial R&D investment', 'predictive payment intelligence map', 'real time connection', 'credit risk exposure', 'Credit Management teams', 'B2B purchasing experience', '2021 B2B Pulse Rep', '20 credit rating agencies', 'current credit limits', 'real-time credit approval', 'internal credit delegations', 'B2B e-commerce boom', 'world-leading cloud-based platforms', 'unlimited configuration options', 'John C. Powers', 'uncertain economic environment', 'past two years', 'rapid trend reversal', 'customizable business rules', 'The CreditPoint suite', 'essential competitive advantage', 'global leadership position', 'CreditPoint Software activities', 'American software company', 'first time', 'Accretive acquisition Sidetrade', 'CashApps solutions', 'leading-edge solutions', 'efficient solutions', 'B2B transactions', 'B2B corporations', 'credit availability', 'credit line', 'Cash solutions', 'European market', 'e-commerce capabilities', 'artificial intelligence', 'entire business', 'internal financial', 'French English', 'North America', 'Euronext Growth', 'leading provider', 'Amalto takeover', 'stronger foothold', 'Olivier Novasque', 'pole position', 'Data Lake', '$4.6 billion worth', 'technological advantage', 'S&P', 'external data', 'multiple sources', 'single repository', 'customer data', 'initial, increase', 'data points', 'decision engine', 'regular reviews', 'existing clientele', 'sales teams', 'additional sales', 'end result', 'initial process', 'digitalized landscape', 'digital transformation', 'onboarding process', 'active portfolio', 'fiscal year', '$2 million mark', 'major step', 'sales force', 'implementation resources', 'new offering', 'United States', 'advanced solution', 'AI-powered Order', 'renewal decisions', 'revenue streams', 'best customers', 'new customers', '21 million companies', '30 customers', 'ALBFR', 'agreement', 'CEO', 'core', 'Collection', 'Disputes', 'future', 'analysis', 'competitors', 'tandem', 'talents', 'technologies', 'groups', 'city', 'Tulsa', 'Oklahoma', 'decade', 'monitoring', 'Dun', 'BradstreetTM', 'CreditsafeTM', 'ExperianTM', 'EquifaxTM', 'TransUnionTM', 'MoodysTM', 'information', 'decision-making', 'products', 'compliance', 'authority', 'organizations', 'others', 'businesses', 'date', 'multinationals', 'Nutrien', 'BP', 'Edelman', 'Caterpillar', 'deal', 'commitment', 'today', 'risks', 'decisioning', 'McKinsey', 'majority', 'start', 'pandemic']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27209,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-launches-Technology-Consulting-a-new-portfolio-of-advisory-services-to-support-C-suite-custo-44250927/,Atos : launches Technology Consulting  a new portfolio of advisory services to support C-suite customers in building technology roadmap,(marketscreener.com)   Atos launches Technology Consulting  a new portfolio of advisory services to support C-suite customers in building technology roadmap     Paris - July 3  2023   Atos today announces the launch of Technology Consulting  a new p…,"Atos launches Technology Consulting  a new portfolio of advisory services to support C-suite customers in building technology roadmapAtos today announces the launch of Technology Consulting  a new portfolio of advisory services for C-suite executives  designed to enable them to best leverage existing and new technologies to achieve their business objectives. First launched in France  Germany  Belgium  the Netherlands and the UK  Technology Consulting will operate on a global scale  advising clients how to achieve concrete business outcomes. This new offering is pivotal to the transformation strategy of the Atos Tech Foundations business line.At its Analyst Day in Paris on June 7  Atos announced a redefinition of the Tech Foundations' portfolio to better address key customer priorities. Today  businesses must stay innovative and agile to survive and thrive amidst the complexity of the edge and cloud continuum. This requires a stronger alignment of IT decision making and implementation with business strategy. Technology Consulting is a new offering that supports both the business and technology sides of the organization  helping Atos clients anticipate technology trends  innovate at speed and stay ahead of the curve.As part of a global IT leader  Technology Consulting has the footprint to deliver at scale  while being able to create customized digital journeys thanks to its local presence and client proximity. It leverages expertise from the entire Atos ecosystem  including technology partners  hyperscalers and the academic world. Technology Consulting is orchestrated by a team of global and local experts  and will grow through internal mobility and external hires. It aims to maximize the potential of generative artificial intelligence  data  analytics  automation and Internet of Things to help clients manage increasingly complex digital environments while addressing local market specificities.Stéphane Richard  Global Head of Technology Advisory & Customized Services  Atos  said: ""Technology Consulting builds both on Atos' business insight and IT expertise and leverages proven methodologies  global capabilities and local touch. We are doers - leaders in employee experience for instance - with hands-on experience demonstrated by long-term customer relationships that average more than 20 years. Technology Consulting supports the multidisciplinary nature of digital transformation and ensures technology is fully leveraged  acting as a solid foundation for ever-evolving business strategies.""Aleksandra Tyszkiewicz - Head of Technology Consulting  Atos  said: ""We are building a modern  attractive and compelling service for our clients. Technology Consulting will focus on showing organizations the exact direction they should move in  identifying risks and opportunities. All of this is included in our portfolio of services - from assessment through strategy development  to a roadmap showing how to achieve it all. We think global but act local  building a consistent step-by-step partnership  based on the wealth of experience we have accumulated in different markets and different organizations.""Technology Consulting  along with Customized Services  Integration Services and Maintenance & Support Services  is part of Tech Foundations' ""Technology advisory & customized services"" business  which accounted for € 0.9 billion in revenue in 2022.Download the PDF document***About Tech FoundationsTech Foundations is the Atos Group business line leading in managed services  focusing on hybrid cloud infrastructure  employee experience and technology services  through decarbonized  automated and AI-enabled solutions. Its 52 000 employees advance what matters to the world's businesses  institutions and communities. It is present in 69 countries  with an annual revenueof € 6 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue ofc. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactIsabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 88",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Technology Consulting', 'new portfolio', 'advisory services', 'C-suite customers', 'technology roadmap', 'Atos', 'Atos Tech Foundations business line', 'Tech Foundations Tech Foundations', 'Atos Group business line', ""Tech Foundations' portfolio"", 'key customer priorities', 'Stéphane Richard', 'long-term customer relationships', 'concrete business outcomes', 'evolving business strategies', 'IT decision making', 'complex digital environments', 'local market specificities', 'hybrid cloud infrastructure', 'customized digital journeys', 'entire Atos ecosystem', 'customized services"" business', 'global IT leader', 'secure information space', 'business objectives', 'business strategy', 'business insight', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'decarbonized digital', 'local presence', 'local experts', 'local touch', 'new portfolio', 'C-suite executives', 'new technologies', 'new offering', 'transformation strategy', 'Analyst Day', 'cloud continuum', 'stronger alignment', 'client proximity', 'internal mobility', 'external hires', 'artificial intelligence', 'IT expertise', 'proven methodologies', 'global capabilities', 'multidisciplinary nature', 'solid foundation', 'Aleksandra Tyszkiewicz', 'modern, attractive', 'compelling service', 'exact direction', 'consistent step', 'step partnership', 'different markets', 'PDF document', 'decarbonized, automated', 'AI-enabled solutions', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'Isabelle Grangé', 'Technology Consulting', 'technology sides', 'technology trends', 'technology partners', 'Technology Advisory', 'advisory services', 'Integration Services', 'Support Services', 'managed services', 'decarbonization services', 'technology services', 'annual revenue', 'C-suite customers', 'global scale', 'Global Head', 'employee experience', 'different organizations', 'Euronext Paris', 'technology roadmap', 'academic world', 'strategy development', 'Atos clients', 'launch', 'leverage', 'existing', 'France', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Netherlands', 'UK', 'June', 'redefinition', 'businesses', 'complexity', 'edge', 'implementation', 'speed', 'curve', 'footprint', 'hyperscalers', 'team', 'potential', 'data', 'analytics', 'automation', 'Internet', 'Things', 'doers', 'leaders', 'instance', '20 years', 'risks', 'opportunities', 'assessment', 'wealth', 'Maintenance', '52,000 employees', 'institutions', 'communities', '69 countries', '110,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'tailored', 'industries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'purpose', 'future', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'grange']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27210,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-enters-into-exclusive-negotiations-for-the-sale-of-EcoAct-44250020/,Atos enters into exclusive negotiations for the sale of EcoAct,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Atos enters into exclusive negotiations for the sale of EcoAct Major progress on transformation plan: 100% of Atos’ divestment program securedStrategic partnership with Schneider Electric on decarbonization Paris  France – J…,Press ReleaseAtos entersinto exclusive negotiationsfor the sale of EcoActMajor progress ontransformation plan:100% of Atos’divestment program secured100% of Atos’divestment program secured Strategic partnership with Schneider Electric on decarbonizationParis  France – July3  2023– Atos Group  a global leader in digital transformation  today announces that it has entered into exclusive negotiations with Schneider Electric for the sale of 100% of EcoAct SAS and its subsidiaries (“EcoAct”). With this potential transaction  Atos would secure its divestment program of non-core assets while engaging in a strategic partnership with Schneider Electric on decarbonization.EcoAct is an international leader in climate consulting and NetZero solutions offering a unique portfolio of services which covers the entire Net Zero transition value chain  from planning and forecasting to carbon offsetting. The company generated revenues of approximately €70m in FY22 and currently employs close to 400 people.The proposed transaction does not include Atos’ digital Net Zero Transformation practice (part of Eviden business)  dedicated to supporting its customers in all industries to catalyze their decarbonization goals  which will be kept within the Atos Group. Atos would also cooperate closely with Schneider Electric combining Technology and Sustainability expertise to build products and solutions that enhance its customers’ paths to NetZero.Atos remains highly committed to its own sustainability engagements which are set to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2039.This proposed transaction  in addition to the ongoing divestments already engaged  would allow Atos to complete its divestment program ahead of the schedule announced at the Group’s Capital Markets Day on June 14  2022.“We are very pleased with this proposed transaction after which we would have secured more than100% ofour divestment program and delivered on our commitment.Our transformation plan has already showed encouraging performance results  and we have further reinforced our clients’ confidence in our ability to accompany them in their digital challenges” said Diane Galbe  Senior Executive Vice President  Atos “Digitization and decarbonizationare key for all businesses today.Thanks to this future partnershipwith Schneider Electric we look forward to developing leading edge offers to accelerate customers’journeys to NetZero.”Steve Wilhite President  Sustainability Business atSchneider Electric said “Demand for sustainable goods and services is rapidly increasing as businesses navigate the challenges posed by climate change  the energy crisis  and investor and regulatory pressures. The solutions to these challenges are complex to navigate. By combining forces with EcoAct  we would expand our team of world-class sustainability consultants and our ability to deliver strategic value to our clients accelerating the transition to the carbon-free energy future.”Stuart Lemmon  Global Head of EcoAct  said “I am excited for EcoAct to potentially joinSchneider Electric and to continue to grow our ability to lead clients through challenges at the heart of the energy and resource transition. I believe this transaction could provide fantastic opportunities to our talented and passionate ‘EcoActors’ and look forward to the promising future ahead.”The potential transaction remains subject to the information and consultation of the relevant employee representative bodies of Atos and Schneider Electric  to the agreement and signing of the definitive documentation and to other customary regulatory approvals. The potential transaction is expected to be closed in H2 2023.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor relations: Thomas Guillois | thomas.guillois@atos.net | +33 (0)6 21 34 36 62Media: Martin Bovo | martin.bovo @atos.net | +33 (0)6 14 46 79 94Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.11,0.17,True,English,"['exclusive negotiations', 'Atos', 'sale', 'EcoAct', 'entire Net Zero transition value chain', 'Atos’ digital Net Zero Transformation practice', 'net zero carbon emissions', 'relevant employee representative bodies', 'other customary regulatory approvals', 'Senior Executive Vice President', 'Capital Markets Day', 'encouraging performance results', 'leading edge offers', 'world-class sustainability consultants', 'carbon-free energy future', 'secure information space', 'Atos’divestment program', 'strategic value', 'digital transformation', 'carbon offsetting', 'regulatory pressures', 'resource transition', 'decarbonized digital', 'transformation plan', 'sustainability engagements', 'Sustainability Business', 'digital challenges', 'Press Release', 'exclusive negotiationsfor', 'Major progress', 'Strategic partnership', 'global leader', 'core assets', 'international leader', 'climate consulting', 'unique portfolio', 'Eviden business', 'ongoing divestments', 'Diane Galbe', 'future partnershipwith', 'Steve Wilhite', 'sustainable goods', 'climate change', 'energy crisis', 'Stuart Lemmon', 'Global Head', 'fantastic opportunities', 'passionate ‘EcoActors', 'promising future', 'definitive documentation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Schneider Electric', 'Sustainability expertise', 'decarbonization goals', 'end solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'Investor relations', 'Thomas Guillois', 'potential transaction', 'customers’ paths', 'clients’ confidence', 'EcoAct SAS', 'Martin Bovo', 'Atos Group', 'NetZero solutions', 'decarbonization services', 'sale', 'France', 'July', 'subsidiaries', 'planning', 'forecasting', 'company', 'revenues', 'FY22', '400 people', 'industries', 'Technology', 'products', 'addition', 'schedule', 'June', 'commitment', 'Digitization', 'decarbonizationare', 'businesses', 'journeys', 'Demand', 'forces', 'team', 'heart', 'talented', 'consultation', 'agreement', 'signing', 'H2', '110,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27211,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698284/0/en/Atos-enters-into-exclusive-negotiations-for-the-sale-of-EcoAct.html,Atos enters into exclusive negotiations for the sale of EcoAct,Press Release       Atos enters into exclusive negotiations for the sale of EcoAct    Major progress on transformation plan: 100% of Atos’ divestment......,English FrenchPress ReleaseAtos enters into exclusive negotiations for the sale of EcoActMajor progress on transformation plan:100% of Atos’ divestment program secured100% of Atos’ divestment program secured Strategic partnership with Schneider Electric on decarbonizationParis  France – July 3  2023 – Atos Group  a global leader in digital transformation  today announces that it has entered into exclusive negotiations with Schneider Electric for the sale of 100% of EcoAct SAS and its subsidiaries (“EcoAct”). With this potential transaction  Atos would secure its divestment program of non-core assets while engaging in a strategic partnership with Schneider Electric on decarbonization.EcoAct is an international leader in climate consulting and NetZero solutions offering a unique portfolio of services which covers the entire Net Zero transition value chain  from planning and forecasting to carbon offsetting. The company generated revenues of approximately €70m in FY22 and currently employs close to 400 people.The proposed transaction does not include Atos’ digital Net Zero Transformation practice (part of Eviden business)  dedicated to supporting its customers in all industries to catalyze their decarbonization goals  which will be kept within the Atos Group. Atos would also cooperate closely with Schneider Electric combining Technology and Sustainability expertise to build products and solutions that enhance its customers’ paths to NetZero.Atos remains highly committed to its own sustainability engagements which are set to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2039.This proposed transaction  in addition to the ongoing divestments already engaged  would allow Atos to complete its divestment program ahead of the schedule announced at the Group’s Capital Markets Day on June 14  2022.“We are very pleased with this proposed transaction  after which we would have secured more than 100% of our divestment program and delivered on our commitment. Our transformation plan has already showed encouraging performance results  and we have further reinforced our clients’ confidence in our ability to accompany them in their digital challenges” said Diane Galbe  Senior Executive Vice President  Atos “Digitization and decarbonization are key for all businesses today. Thanks to this future partnership with Schneider Electric we look forward to developing leading edge offers to accelerate customers’ journeys to NetZero.”Steve Wilhite  President  Sustainability Business at Schneider Electric said “Demand for sustainable goods and services is rapidly increasing as businesses navigate the challenges posed by climate change  the energy crisis  and investor and regulatory pressures. The solutions to these challenges are complex to navigate. By combining forces with EcoAct  we would expand our team of world-class sustainability consultants and our ability to deliver strategic value to our clients  accelerating the transition to the carbon-free energy future.”Stuart Lemmon  Global Head of EcoAct  said “I am excited for EcoAct to potentially join Schneider Electric and to continue to grow our ability to lead clients through challenges at the heart of the energy and resource transition. I believe this transaction could provide fantastic opportunities to our talented and passionate ‘EcoActors’ and look forward to the promising future ahead.”The potential transaction remains subject to the information and consultation of the relevant employee representative bodies of Atos and Schneider Electric  to the agreement and signing of the definitive documentation and to other customary regulatory approvals. The potential transaction is expected to be closed in H2 2023.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor relations: Thomas Guillois | thomas.guillois@atos.net | +33 (0)6 21 34 36 62Media: Martin Bovo | martin.bovo @atos.net | +33 (0)6 14 46 79 94Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.81,0.06,0.12,True,English,"['exclusive negotiations', 'Atos', 'sale', 'EcoAct', 'entire Net Zero transition value chain', 'Atos’ digital Net Zero Transformation practice', 'net zero carbon emissions', 'relevant employee representative bodies', 'other customary regulatory approvals', 'Senior Executive Vice President', 'Capital Markets Day', 'encouraging performance results', 'leading edge offers', 'world-class sustainability consultants', 'carbon-free energy future', 'secure information space', 'Atos’ divestment program', 'strategic value', 'digital transformation', 'carbon offsetting', 'regulatory pressures', 'resource transition', 'transformation plan', 'decarbonized digital', 'sustainability engagements', 'Sustainability Business', 'digital challenges', 'English French', 'Press Release', 'exclusive negotiations', 'Major progress', 'Strategic partnership', 'Schneider Electric', 'global leader', 'core assets', 'international leader', 'climate consulting', 'unique portfolio', 'Eviden business', 'ongoing divestments', 'Diane Galbe', 'future partnership', 'Steve Wilhite', 'sustainable goods', 'climate change', 'energy crisis', 'Stuart Lemmon', 'Global Head', 'fantastic opportunities', 'passionate ‘EcoActors', 'promising future', 'definitive documentation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Sustainability expertise', 'end solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'Investor relations', 'Thomas Guillois', 'potential transaction', 'decarbonization goals', 'customers’ paths', 'clients’ confidence', 'EcoAct SAS', 'Martin Bovo', 'Atos Group', 'NetZero solutions', 'decarbonization services', 'sale', 'France', 'July', 'subsidiaries', 'planning', 'forecasting', 'company', 'revenues', 'FY22', '400 people', 'industries', 'Technology', 'products', 'addition', 'schedule', 'June', 'commitment', 'Digitization', 'businesses', 'journeys', 'Demand', 'forces', 'team', 'heart', 'talented', 'consultation', 'agreement', 'signing', 'H2', '110,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27212,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INDEL-B-S-P-A-34973381/news/Indel-B-S-p-A-Buy-back-44255005/,Indel B S p A : Buy back,(marketscreener.com) under the buyback program of treasury shares announced to the market on June 16  2023  and launched on June 21  2023 up to n. 100 000 ordinary shares - according to the provision and for the purpose of Article 5 of Regulation 596/2014 and…,"Press releaseNotification share buy-backSant'Agata Feltria (Rimini)  03 July 2023 - Indel B S.p.A. - a company listed on the Borsa Italiana EXM and parent of a group that operates in the manufacture of cooling systems and air-conditioning for mobile and mobile living for the automotive  hospitality and leisure time markets (pleasure boats and recreational vehicles) - under the buyback program of treasury shares announced to the market on June 16  2023  and launched on June 21  2023 up to n. 100 000 ordinary shares - according to the provision and for the purpose of Article 5 of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Article 2  paragraph 3  of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 - announces to have acquired on the on the Euronext Milan (EXM)  organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  in the period from 27th June 2023 to 03rd July 2023 both total n. 436 of treasury shares (corresponding to 0.007% of the total number of ordinary shares)  at a weight average price of Euro 23.0229 for a total counter-value of Euro 10 038.00.On the basis of information provided by Banca IMI  the authorized intermediary in charge of carrying out the buyback transactions described in this present press release  here below is a summary of the daily transactions  in aggregate form:DATE NUMBER ORDINARY AVERAGE PRICE (EUR) TOTAL AMOUNT (EUR) SHARES PURCHASED 06/28/2023 140 23.0000 3 220.00 06/30/2023 146 23.0685 3 368.00 07/03/2023 150 23.0000 3 450.00 TOTAL 436 23.0229 10 038.00Detailed and daily information about the buyback transactions carried out in the above-mentioned period is attached to this press release.Further to the buyback transactions above  the treasury shares held by the Company amount to n. 200 504.Related press release: press release of June 16  2023 and press release of June 26  2023.* * *This press release is available to the public at the Company's registered office  at Borsa Italiana  on the storage mechanism authorised by Consob ""1info"" (www.1info.it) and in the specific sections of the website www.indelbgroup.com.* * *Indel B Spa - Registered  administrative and commercial offices via Sarsinate  27 - 47866 Sant'Agata Feltria (RN) ItalyTel. +39 0541 848711 - Fax +39 0541 848741 - info@indelb.com- www.indelbgroup.comShare capital Euro 5 842 000 fully paid-in - Economic and Administrative Index (REA) RN - 312757 - Companies House -VAT no./tax code 02037650419 - Code of International Standard Organization IT02037650419",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Indel B S', 'Indel B S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Indel B Spa', ""Sant'Agata Feltria"", 'leisure time markets', 'weight average price', 'International Standard Organization', 'Borsa Italiana EXM', 'Notification share buy', 'ORDINARY AVERAGE PRICE', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'present press release', 'Share capital', '100,000 ordinary shares', 'cooling systems', 'pleasure boats', 'recreational vehicles', 'buyback program', 'Euronext Milan', '03rd July', 'total number', 'total counter-value', 'Banca IMI', 'authorized intermediary', 'buyback transactions', 'daily transactions', 'aggregate form', 'TOTAL AMOUNT', 'registered office', 'storage mechanism', 'specific sections', 'Registered, administrative', 'commercial offices', 'Administrative Index', 'Companies House', 'VAT no', 'treasury shares', 'mobile living', 'daily information', 'tax code', '27th June', 'Rimini', 'company', 'parent', 'group', 'manufacture', 'air-conditioning', 'hospitality', 'n.', 'provision', 'purpose', 'Article', 'paragraph', '8 March', 'period', 'basis', 'charge', 'summary', 'DATE', 'Detailed', 'public', 'Consob', 'website', 'Sarsinate', 'Italy', 'Tel.', 'Fax', 'Economic']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27213,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/ARGAN-records-excellent-first-half-year-2023-44254368/,ARGAN records excellent first half-year 2023,(marketscreener.com) Quarterly financial information – Monday July 3  2023 – 5:45 pm. ARGAN records excellent first half-year 2023 Rental income grew by +11% to €91m2023 rental income target for the year revised upwards to €183m Rental income at June 30  2023…,Quarterly financial information – MondayJuly 3  2023–5:45 pm.ARGAN records excellent first half-year2023Rental income grew by +11% t o € 91 m2023 rental income target for the year revised upwards to €183mRental income (IFRS) atJune 30  2023 (unaudited figures)€m Financial year 2023 Financial year 2022 Change 1st quarter (Jan.- March) 45.2 40.7 + 11% 2nd quarter (April - June) 45.7 41.0 + 11% Half-year total 90.9 81.7 + 11%Strong increase in rental income: +11% in the first half-year of 2023In the first half-year of 2023  ARGAN  the French real estate company specializing in the development and rental of PREMIUM warehouses  pursued its growth with rental income up a steep +11%to €90.9m. This increase was mainly the result of the full-year effect of rents coming from the developments in 2022  rents ofthe warehouses delivered during the first half-year of 2023  as well as rent reviews that took place onJanuary 1  2023 (+4% on average).Significant events of the firsthalf-yearof 2023Since the beginning of the year  ARGAN pursued its development by delivering last March a logistics platform totaling 38 000 sq.m and located in Janneyrias (38) – Lyon area – by the A432 French highway. This platform  which is leased to BUT – France's leading furniture retailer – for a fixed term of 9.5 years  meets the highest standards for frugal energy choices.Under intended conditions  ARGAN also finalized last March its sale of a logistics platform of 20 000 sq.m located in Bonneuil-sur-Marne (94).Finally  ARGAN joined the EPRA Europe index on March 20  2023.A record development pipeline of over €300mARGAN plans to deliver four new development projects and one extension in 2023  representing an investment volume of €135m for new spaces totalling 100 000 sq.m. All these projects are already financed through amortizing mortgage loans that were taken out in 2022  before interest rates rose.After 2023  the very strong business momentum recorded in the first half of this year has already helped secure development projects representing a volume of over €175m for more than 155 000 sq.m of spaces to be delivered in 2024. Half of this amount is already financed through amortizing mortgage loans and the other half should come from the sale of warehouses at the end of 2024 or early 2025  depending on market conditions.Among ongoing project developments  Argan has already announced works to extend two sites  with:The second phase for its logistics warehouse at La Crèche (79) leased to EURIAL  the milk division of the cooperative group AGRIAL  as part of a long-term lease covering a firm 12-year period. The two new negative cold cells represent a surface of 12 400 sq.m and will result in total spaces extended to 32 800 sq.m. This extension includes an improvement in the site’s carbon footprint  as photovoltaic panels will also be installed with a total production capacity of over 1 700 Mwh/year  thus covering 30% of the site’s energy needs. The project’s delivery is expected in December 2023;The extension of the fulfillment hub in Bruguières (31) leased to GEODIS  which will increase the site’s size to 13 400 sq.m. These works are also an opportunity to refurbish existing buildings and thus establish a long-term partnership with GEODIS through a new lease for a firm 12-year period. The project’s delivery is expected in December 2024.In the coming weeks  new announcements should further illustrate ARGAN’sstrong business momentum  whichprovidesvery good visibilityon future growth andrevenueof our real estate company.More broadly  the Group’s ability to pursue its growth reflects the combination of:Its identity as a pure player of the French logistics real estate market that remains buoyant   characterized by a strong demand and a limited offer ;; A proven business model that delivers growth with a long-term vision on property management based on Premium assets that meet customers’ expectations both in terms of location and qualit y of tailor - made buildings ; andbased on that meet both in terms of and ; and Strong attention tothe higheststandards for frugal and efficient energy choicesbothfor ongoing and future projects under AutOnom®  the warehousethat generatesits own green energy  but also through an ambitious plan to refurbish existing facilities.As atJune 30  2023  Argans’srental portfoliothus stoodat 3.5 million sq.m. and the occupancy rateremained at 100%.2023 rental income target for the year revised upwards to €183mTaking into account theplanned delivery projects forthe second half of the year  ARGAN is revising its yearly target1 forrental income upwards to €183m (compared with €182m initially) for thefull-year 2023.Financial calendar 2023 (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 19: 2023 Half-year resultsOctober 2: 2023 3rd quarter salesAbout ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT.As at December 31  2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million sq.m  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment Aof Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and EPRA Europe indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime on July 1  2007. http://www.argan.fr/enFrancis Albertinelli– CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 4740E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlene Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59422935E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.com1 For more information  please refer the press release published on January 19  2023.Attachment,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['excellent first half-year', 'ARGAN', 'two new negative cold cells', 'French logistics real estate market', 'French real estate company', 'yearly target1 forrental income', 'four new development projects', 'A432 French highway', 'leading furniture retailer', 'EPRA Europe index', 'La Crèche', 'firm 12-year period', 'proven business model', 'efficient energy choicesbothfor', 'total production capacity', '2023 3rd quarter sales', 'Quarterly financial information', 'Jan.- March', 'record development pipeline', '2023 rental income target', 'frugal energy choices', 'strong business momentum', 'ongoing project developments', 'market conditions', 'two sites', 'new lease', 'new announcements', 'logistics warehouse', 'new spaces', 'energy needs', 'green energy', 'logistics platform', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'Half-year total', 'strong demand', 'Strong attention', 'Financial calendar', 'future projects', 'excellent first', 'first half-year', 'rent reviews', 'Significant events', 'Lyon area', 'fixed term', 'highest standards', 'intended conditions', 'mortgage loans', 'interest rates', 'second phase', 'milk division', 'long-term lease', 'total spaces', 'carbon footprint', 'photovoltaic panels', 'fulfillment hub', 'Bruguières', 'long-term partnership', 'coming weeks', 'good visibilityon', 'pure player', 'limited offer', 'long-term vision', 'property management', 'Premium assets', 'customers’ expectations', 'ambitious plan', 'existing facilities', 'occupancy rateremained', 'press release', 'stock exchange', '2023 Half-year results', 'Strong increase', 'other half', 'second half', 'Financial year', 'delivery projects', 'PREMIUM warehouses', 'full-year effect', 'investment volume', 'cooperative group', 'existing buildings', 'one extension', 'future growth', 'MondayJuly', 'ARGAN', 'IFRS', 'figures', 'April', 'June', 'steep', 'rents', 'place', 'January', 'average', 'firsthalf-yearof', 'beginning', '38,000 sq', 'Janneyrias', 'BUT', 'France', '9.5 years', '20,000 sq', 'Marne', '100,000 sq', '155,000 sq', 'amount', 'works', 'EURIAL', 'AGRIAL', 'surface', '12,400 sq', '32,800 sq', 'improvement', '1,700 Mwh', 'December', 'GEODIS', 'size', '13,400 sq', 'opportunity', 'ability', 'combination', 'identity', 'terms', 'location', 'qualit', 'tailor', 'higheststandards', 'AutOnom®', 'warehousethat', 'portfoliothus', '3.5 million', 'account', 'Publication', 'closing', 'October', 'EURONEXT']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27214,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NICOX-SA-25281955/news/Nicox-Presented-NCX-470-Phase-3-Mont-Blanc-Adaptive-Design-Data-and-Additional-Subset-Analysis-Showi-44249860/,Nicox Presented NCX 470 Phase 3 Mont Blanc Adaptive Design Data and Additional Subset Analysis Showing Superiority over Latanoprost at the World Glaucoma Congress,(marketscreener.com) Press ReleaseNicox Presented NCX 470 Phase 3 Mont Blanc Adaptive Design Data and Additional Subset Analysis Showing Superiority over Latanoprost at the World Glaucoma Congress NCX 470 0.1% showed up to 1.73mmHg greater mean diurnal intrao…,NCX 470 0.1% showed up to 1.73mmHg greater mean diurnal intraocular pressure (IOP) reduction from baseline than latanoprost in the adaptive dose selection period of the Phase 3 Mont Blanc trialNCX 470 demonstrated a statistically greater proportion of subjects with 10 mmHg or more IOP reduction compared to latanoprost in the Mont Blanc trialJuly 3  2023 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced that additional data on NCX 470 have been presented at the 10th World Glaucoma Congress (WGC) being held from June 28 to July 1  2023 in Rome  Italy.“The large volume of data generated in the Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial on NCX 470 has provided us with the opportunity to look in detail at patient subgroups to further evaluate where NCX 470 has the greatest effect  some of which we are reporting here. Our first poster at the World Glaucoma Congress presents the adaptive dose selection data  justifying the choice of the 0.1% NCX 470 dose for the rest of the trial. We have also looked across the whole trial and report is that more patients achieve a reduction of IOP of 10mmHg or more when on NCX 470 than those on latanoprost. We look forward to reporting other data at conferences and in planned publications.” said Doug Hubatsch  Chief Scientific Officer of NicoxPoster Title: NCX 470  a Nitric Oxide Donating Bimatoprost Compared with Latanoprost - Adaptive Design Period Results from the Phase 3 Mont Blanc Clinical TrialA dose finding Phase 2 trial (Dolomites) tested NCX 470 at several concentrations and the results suggested that the highest studied dose might still be below the top of the dose response curve. To test this a concentration of 0.065% and 0.1% were included in an adaptive dose selection period of the Phase 3 Mont Blanc trial  which compared the safety and efficacy of NCX 470 ophthalmic solution vs. latanoprost ophthalmic solution in adult subjects with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. At the Week 2 timepoint  NCX 470 0.065% demonstrated 1.37 mmHg greater mean diurnal IOP reduction from baseline than latanoprost and NCX 0.1% demonstrated 1.73 mmHg greater mean diurnal IOP reduction from baseline than latanoprost.The adaptive dose selection period was used in place of additional dose ranging studies to select the 0.1% concentration of NCX 470 for the duration of the 3-month Phase 3 Mont Blanc clinical trial as well as the second Phase 3 trial  Denali.Poster Title: NCX 470  a Nitric Oxide Donating Bimatoprost versus Latanoprost has Greater Proportion of Subjects Achieving ≥10 mmHg IOP Decrease in Phase 3 TrialNCX 470 met the primary efficacy endpoint of non-inferiority to latanoprost at all 9 of 9 timepoints measured in the Mont Blanc trial. Furthermore  NCX 470 demonstrated a statistically greater proportion of subjects with 10 mmHg or more IOP reduction compared to latanoprost at Week 2  Week 6  and Month 3 ranging from 69% to 46% in the NCX 470 group compared to 60% to 34% in the latanoprost group. NCX 470 was safe and well tolerated.Poster Title: Effects of NCX 470  a Nitric Oxide (NO)-Donating Bimatoprost  in in vitro 3D-Human Trabecular Meshwork (TM) / Schlemm's Canal (SC) Tissue ModelBioengineered 3D-human TM/SC (3D-HTM/HSCTM) constructs and Cynomolgus monkeys were used to provide insights on the cellular and molecular mechanism/s accounting for NCX 470-mediated intraocular pressure (IOP)-lowering activity. NCX 470 significantly improved outflow facility in 3D-HTM/HSCTM. Furthermore  unlike most IOP-lowering agents  a clinically effective dose (0.1% ophthalmic solution) of NCX 470 affected both conventional and uveoscleral pathways to increase aqueous humor drainage from monkey eyes. NCX 470 dual-acting modality (NO and prostaglandin analog) explains the robust reduction of IOP exerted by this drug in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.About NCX 470NCX 470 is a novel NO-donating bimatoprost eye drop currently in Phase 3 clinical development for the lowering of IOP in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The first Phase 3 trial  Mont Blanc  a randomized  double-masked  multi-center  parallel group trial that was conducted in the U.S.  compared NCX 470 (0.1%) to latanoprost (0.005%) was completed in October 2022. The second Phase 3 trial  Denali  similarly designed to the Mont Blanc trial  and which includes a long-term safety extension  is ongoing.Update on planned Phase 3b trials on NCX 470The timing of the planned Phase 3b trials investigating the dual mechanism of action (nitric oxide and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 is currently being assessed and we will provide an update on these in the Q2 Press Release in mid-July.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Mont Blanc Adaptive Design Data', 'Additional Subset Analysis', 'World Glaucoma Congress', 'NCX 470 Phase 3', 'Nicox', 'Superiority', 'Latanoprost', '1.73mmHg greater mean diurnal intraocular pressure', 'randomized, double-masked, multi-center, parallel group trial', '1.37 mmHg greater mean diurnal IOP reduction', '1.73 mmHg greater mean diurnal IOP reduction', '3-month Phase 3 Mont Blanc clinical trial', 'novel NO-donating bimatoprost eye drop', 'NCX 470-mediated intraocular pressure', 'adaptive dose selection period', 'Adaptive Design Period Results', 'additional dose ranging studies', 'Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial', 'Phase 3 Mont Blanc trial', '10th World Glaucoma Congress', 'adaptive dose selection data', 'Phase 3 clinical development', 'second Phase 3 trial', 'Phase 3b trials', 'highest studied dose', 'dose response curve', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'international ophthalmology company', 'Chief Scientific Officer', '3D-Human Trabecular Meshwork', 'SC) Tissue Model', 'Bioengineered 3D-human TM/SC', 'aqueous humor drainage', 'potential retinal benefits', 'first Phase 3 trial', 'IOP)-lowering activity', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'long-term safety extension', 'Q2 Press Release', 'NO)-Donating Bimatoprost', 'NCX 470 ophthalmic solution', 'NCX 470 dual-acting modality', 'latanoprost ophthalmic solution', 'Phase 2 trial', 'greater proportion', 'IOP) reduction', 'additional data', 'dose finding', 'effective dose', 'robust reduction', 'NCX 470 group', 'latanoprost group', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'IOP Decrease', '0.1% NCX 470 dose', 'first poster', 'other data', 'IOP lowering', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'large volume', 'patient subgroups', 'greatest effect', 'Doug Hubatsch', 'Poster Title', 'Nitric Oxide', 'several concentrations', 'ocular hypertension', 'Cynomolgus monkeys', 'molecular mechanism', 'outflow facility', 'IOP-lowering agents', 'uveoscleral pathways', 'monkey eyes', 'prostaglandin analog', 'U.S.', 'dual mechanism', 'Nicox SA', 'Week 2 timepoint', 'adult subjects', '10 mmHg', 'baseline', 'July', 'CET', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'WGC', 'June', 'Rome', 'Italy', 'opportunity', 'detail', 'choice', 'rest', 'report', 'patients', '10mmHg', 'conferences', 'planned', 'publications', 'Dolomites', 'place', '0.1% concentration', 'duration', 'Denali', 'inferiority', '9 timepoints', 'Effects', 'vitro', 'Schlemm', 'Canal', 'insights', 'cellular', '3D-HTM/HSCTM', 'most', 'conventional', 'drug', 'October', 'Update', 'timing', 'action', '7:30']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27215,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698270/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7495 £ 23.6995 Estimated MTD return 0.10 % 0.22 % Estimated YTD return -3.67 % -2.98 % Estimated ITD return 167.50 % 137.00 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.50 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 895.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.04 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0346 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5421The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27216,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-44249866/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7495 £ 23.6995 Estimated MTD return 0.10 % 0.22 % Estimated YTD return -3.67 % -2.98 % Estimated ITD return 167.50 % 137.00 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.50 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 895.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.04 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0346 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5421The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27217,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/07/03/2698681/0/en/ARGAN-records-excellent-first-half-year-2023.html,ARGAN records excellent first half-year 2023,Quarterly financial information – Monday July 3  2023 – 5:45 pm.    ARGAN records excellent first half-year 2023   Rental income grew by +11% to...,French EnglishQuarterly financial information – Monday July 3  2023 – 5:45 pm.ARGAN records excellent first half-year 2023Rental income grew by +11% t o € 91 m2023 rental income target for the year revised upwards to €183mRental income (IFRS) at June 30  2023 (unaudited figures)€m Financial year 2023 Financial year 2022 Change 1st quarter (Jan.- March) 45.2 40.7 + 11% 2nd quarter (April - June) 45.7 41.0 + 11% Half-year total 90.9 81.7 + 11%Strong increase in rental income: +11% in the first half-year of 2023In the first half-year of 2023  ARGAN  the French real estate company specializing in the development and rental of PREMIUM warehouses  pursued its growth with rental income up a steep +11% to €90.9m. This increase was mainly the result of the full-year effect of rents coming from the developments in 2022  rents ofthe warehouses delivered during the first half-year of 2023  as well as rent reviews that took place onJanuary 1  2023 (+4% on average).Significant events of the first half-year of 2023Since the beginning of the year  ARGAN pursued its development by delivering last March a logistics platform totaling 38 000 sq.m and located in Janneyrias (38) – Lyon area – by the A432 French highway. This platform  which is leased to BUT – France's leading furniture retailer – for a fixed term of 9.5 years  meets the highest standards for frugal energy choices.Under intended conditions  ARGAN also finalized last March its sale of a logistics platform of 20 000 sq.m located in Bonneuil-sur-Marne (94).Finally  ARGAN joined the EPRA Europe index on March 20  2023.A record development pipeline of over €300mARGAN plans to deliver four new development projects and one extension in 2023  representing an investment volume of €135m for new spaces totalling 100 000 sq.m. All these projects are already financed through amortizing mortgage loans that were taken out in 2022  before interest rates rose.After 2023  the very strong business momentum recorded in the first half of this year has already helped secure development projects representing a volume of over €175m for more than 155 000 sq.m of spaces to be delivered in 2024. Half of this amount is already financed through amortizing mortgage loans and the other half should come from the sale of warehouses at the end of 2024 or early 2025  depending on market conditions.Among ongoing project developments  Argan has already announced works to extend two sites  with:The second phase for its logistics warehouse at La Crèche (79) leased to EURIAL  the milk division of the cooperative group AGRIAL  as part of a long-term lease covering a firm 12-year period. The two new negative cold cells represent a surface of 12 400 sq.m and will result in total spaces extended to 32 800 sq.m. This extension includes an improvement in the site’s carbon footprint  as photovoltaic panels will also be installed with a total production capacity of over 1 700 Mwh/year  thus covering 30% of the site’s energy needs. The project’s delivery is expected in December 2023;The extension of the fulfillment hub in Bruguières (31) leased to GEODIS  which will increase the site’s size to 13 400 sq.m. These works are also an opportunity to refurbish existing buildings and thus establish a long-term partnership with GEODIS through a new lease for a firm 12-year period. The project’s delivery is expected in December 2024.In the coming weeks  new announcements should further illustrate ARGAN’s strong business momentum  which provides very good visibility on future growth and revenue of our real estate company.More broadly  the Group’s ability to pursue its growth reflects the combination of:Its identity as a pure player of the French logistics real estate market that remains buoyant   characterized by a strong demand and a limited offer ;; A proven business model that delivers growth with a long-term vision on property management based on Premium assets that meet customers’ expectations both in terms of location and qualit y of tailor - made buildings ; andbased on that meet both in terms of and ; and Strong attention to the highest standards for frugal and efficient energy choices both for ongoing and future projects under AutOnom®  the warehouse that generates its own green energy  but also through an ambitious plan to refurbish existing facilities.As at June 30  2023  Argans’s rental portfolio thus stood at 3.5 million sq.m. and the occupancy rate remained at 100%.2023 rental income target for the year revised upwards to €183mTaking into account the planned delivery projects for the second half of the year  ARGAN is revising its yearly target1 for rental income upwards to €183m (compared with €182m initially) for thefull-year 2023.Financial calendar 2023 (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 19: 2023 Half-year resultsOctober 2: 2023 3rd quarter salesAbout ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT.As at December 31  2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million sq.m  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment Aof Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and EPRA Europe indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime on July 1  2007. http://www.argan.fr/enFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlene Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.com1 For more information  please refer the press release published on January 19  2023.Attachment,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['excellent first half-year', 'ARGAN', 'two new negative cold cells', 'French logistics real estate market', 'French real estate company', 'four new development projects', 'A432 French highway', 'leading furniture retailer', 'EPRA Europe index', 'La Crèche', 'firm 12-year period', 'proven business model', 'efficient energy choices', 'strong business momentum', 'total production capacity', '3rd quarter sales', 'Quarterly financial information', 'Jan.- March', 'record development pipeline', 'frugal energy choices', 'excellent first half-year', '2023 rental income target', 'ongoing project developments', 'French English', 'market conditions', 'two sites', 'new lease', 'new announcements', 'new spaces', 'energy needs', 'green energy', 'Half-year total', 'logistics platform', 'strong demand', 'Strong attention', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'logistics warehouse', 'Financial calendar', 'future projects', '2023 Half-year results', 'unaudited figures', 'steep +', 'rent reviews', 'Significant events', 'Lyon area', 'fixed term', 'highest standards', 'intended conditions', 'mortgage loans', 'interest rates', 'second phase', 'milk division', 'long-term lease', 'total spaces', 'carbon footprint', 'photovoltaic panels', 'fulfillment hub', 'Bruguières', 'long-term partnership', 'coming weeks', 'good visibility', 'pure player', 'limited offer', 'long-term vision', 'property management', 'Premium assets', 'customers’ expectations', 'ambitious plan', 'existing facilities', 'rental portfolio', 'occupancy rate', 'yearly target1', 'press release', 'stock exchange', 'Strong increase', 'other half', 'second half', 'Financial year', 'delivery projects', 'PREMIUM warehouses', 'full-year effect', 'investment volume', 'cooperative group', 'existing buildings', 'one extension', 'future growth', '3.5 million sq', '38,000 sq', '20,000 sq', '100,000 sq', '155,000 sq', '12,400 sq', '32,800 sq', '13,400 sq', 'Monday', 'ARGAN', 'IFRS', 'June', 'April', 'rents', 'place', 'January', 'average', 'beginning', 'Janneyrias', 'BUT', 'France', '9.5 years', 'Marne', 'amount', 'works', 'EURIAL', 'AGRIAL', 'surface', 'improvement', '1,700 Mwh', 'December', 'GEODIS', 'size', 'opportunity', 'revenue', 'ability', 'combination', 'identity', 'terms', 'location', 'qualit', 'tailor', 'AutOnom®', 'account', 'Publication', 'closing', 'July', 'October', 'EURONEXT', '5:45', '€']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,globenewswire.com
27218,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/Boussard-Gavaudan-Monthly-Report-Share-Buy-Back-June-2023-44253088/,Boussard & Gavaudan : Monthly Report Share Buy Back June 2023,(marketscreener.com)    BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   June 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1   The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market…,"1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in June 2023.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Report Share', 'Boussard', 'Gavaudan', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'general authority', 'share buy', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'market purchases', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'The Shares', 'Ordinary shares', '0 Euro shares', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'report', 'transactions', 'BGHL', 'programme', 'Exane', 'article', 'conjunction', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'June', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Boussard', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27219,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EL-EN-S-P-A-27753855/news/EL-En-S-p-A-Pro-line-launch-44253581/,EL En S p A : Pro line launch,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   THE MOST ADVANCED LASER TECHNOLOGIES FOR DERMATOLOGY ARE ITALIAN. AFTER THE SUCCESSES IN THE NORTH AMERICAN MARKET  THEY NOW LAND ON THE ASIAN MARKETS WHERE ANALISTS EXPECT A STRONGLY ACCELERATED DEMAND   DEKA  s…,"Press releaseTHE MOST ADVANCED LASER TECHNOLOGIES FOR DERMATOLOGY ARE ITALIAN. AFTER THE SUCCESSES IN THE NORTH AMERICAN MARKET  THEY NOW LAND ON THE ASIAN MARKETS WHERE ANALISTS EXPECT A STRONGLY ACCELERATED DEMANDDEKA  subsidiary of the Florentine El.En. Group  presented today in Singapore the new proprietary platforms ""PRO"" which outline new application frontiers in aesthetic medicine  dermatology and body-shapingFlorence  July 3 2023 - Today in Singapore  on the occasion of the opening of the 25th WCD International Congress (World Congress of Dermatology)  El.En. S.p.A. - Italian group among the 5 top worldwide players in the medical laser sector - listed on the Euronext STAR Milan (""STAR"") market of Borsa Italiana  through its subsidiary DEKA  a company specialized in the development and production of cutting edge Energy Based Devices for aesthetics and surgery  launches the new ""PRO"" line based on laser and microwave devices.Aesthetic dermatology treatments dictate the growth trend of non-invasive medical lasers; United States are the driving force  while Asia is the fastest growing market as stated in the latest Fortune Business Insights 2022-2029 dedicated to the medical laser market: a market expected to increase from 4 8 billion dollars of 2022 to 14 23 billion by 2029 with a CAGR (Compounded Average Growth Rate) for this period of 16 8%. According to Global Market Insights  this market is projected to reach even more than 18 7 billion by 2032 with a CAGR of 14 5% and the estimates of Mordor Intelligence analysts are not far off  seeing a 13 4% average annual growth rate to 2028.The growing demand from a population that increasingly aspires to limit the effects of aging and the preference for non-invasive technologies improving the effectiveness of therapies and reducing their impact on patients  make aesthetic applications market the segment with the most interesting growth prospects in the medium and long term for the El.En. group - which in its 13 factories and 8 research centers develops and manufactures laser systems appreciated worldwide for innovation  designed for use not only in the medical sector but also to the industrial sector and for the conservation the world's artistic heritage.The most recent innovations in non-invasive systems and energy-based procedures that open up new application horizons in medical lasers for aesthetics are supporting the expansion of this market  as is the case with the new PRO systems based on an innovative proprietary technology.PRO Systems can be used for face and body rejuvenation  they are revolutionary solutions with which DEKA modifies the traditional paradigms of aesthetic medicine  dermatology and body shaping  opening them up to new application frontiers. They are based on technologies developed by the Group that had enormous success in the United States and Canada  were used by numerous celebrities  and which  above all with the high-power alexandrite laser systems for hair removal  successfully establish themselves on a global level.The sharply increasing demand for minimally invasive treatments in the United States  according to the latest reports by analysts from Fortune Business Intelligence will continue to push the demand for lasers along with other main drivers of market growth in the coming years: the increase in demand for laser treatments for aesthetics and the adoption of new and increasingly innovative technologies.In the hair removal segment Again PRO revolutionizes the technological base of its predecessor  ""Again""  winner of the 2022 AMWC Award in the ""Best laser  light andenergy-baseddevice"" category. With Again PRO a new opportunity is available: the removal of the thinnest and fairest1",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.09,0.5,True,English,"['Pro line launch', 'EL', 'El.En. S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan (""STAR"") market', '25th WCD International Congress', 'edge Energy Based Devices', 'Compounded Average Growth Rate', '13,4% average annual growth rate', 'Florentine El.En. Group', 'latest Fortune Business Insights', 'high-power alexandrite laser systems', 'MOST ADVANCED LASER TECHNOLOGIES', 'Fortune Business Intelligence', '5 top worldwide players', 'interesting growth prospects', 'other main drivers', 'Best laser, light', 'minimally invasive treatments', 'new proprietary platforms', 'new application frontiers', 'new application horizons', 'innovative proprietary technology', 'NORTH AMERICAN MARKET', 'Global Market Insights', 'Mordor Intelligence analysts', 'fastest growing market', 'STRONGLY ACCELERATED DEMAND', 'medical laser market', 'medical laser sector', 'new ""PRO"" line', 'new PRO systems', 'non-invasive medical lasers', 'hair removal segment', 'Aesthetic dermatology treatments', 'market growth', 'laser treatments', 'microwave devices', 'growth trend', 'latest reports', 'medical sector', 'non-invasive systems', 'innovative technologies', 'new opportunity', 'non-invasive technologies', 'World Congress', 'Italian group', 'global level', 'industrial sector', 'growing demand', 'aesthetic medicine', 'aesthetic applications', 'Press release', 'ASIAN MARKETS', 'Borsa Italiana', 'United States', 'driving force', '4,8 billion dollars', 'long term', '8 research centers', 'artistic heritage', 'recent innovations', 'energy-based procedures', 'body rejuvenation', 'revolutionary solutions', 'traditional paradigms', 'body shaping', 'enormous success', 'numerous celebrities', 'coming years', 'technological base', '2022 AMWC Award', 'increasing demand', 'SUCCESSES', 'ANALISTS', 'DEKA', 'subsidiary', 'Singapore', 'body-shaping', 'Florence', 'occasion', 'opening', 'company', 'development', 'production', 'cutting', 'aesthetics', 'surgery', 'CAGR', 'period', 'estimates', 'population', 'effects', 'aging', 'preference', 'effectiveness', 'impact', 'patients', 'medium', '13 factories', 'use', 'conservation', 'expansion', 'case', 'face', 'Canada', 'increase', 'adoption', 'predecessor', 'winner', 'category', 'thinnest', 'fairest']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27220,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SODEXO-4703/news/Announcement-of-solicitation-of-consents-by-SODEXO-44250178/,Announcement of solicitation of consents by SODEXO,(marketscreener.com) Issy-les-Moulineaux  July 3  2023 NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE  PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS…,Issy-les-Moulineaux  July 3  2023NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE  PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS ANNOUNCEMENT.Neither this announcement nor the Consent Solicitation Memorandum constitutes an invitation to participate in the Consent Solicitation in any jurisdiction in which  or to any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such invitation or for there to be such participation under applicable securities laws or regulations. The distribution of this announcement or of the Consent Solicitation Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law or regulations. Persons into whose possession this announcement or the Consent Solicitation Memorandum comes are required by the Issuer (as defined below)  Citigroup Global Markets Limited  HSBC Continental Europe and J.P. Morgan SE (the “Solicitation Agents”) D.F. King (the “Information andTabulation Agent”)and Citibank  N.A. and BNP Paribas (the “Fiscal Agents”) to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Announcement of solicitation of consents by SODEXO(incorporated as a société anonyme in France) (the “Issuer”)to the holders of each of its bonds in the table belowDescription of Bonds ISIN / Common Code Outstanding principal amount of Bonds Early Voting Fee(as a % of the principal amount) EUR 500 000 000 0.500 per cent. Bonds due 17 January 2024 (the “2024 Bonds”) ISIN: XS2203995910Common Code: 220399591 EUR 500 000 0000.25% EUR 700 000 000 0.750 per cent. Bonds due 27 April 2025 (the “April 2025 Bonds”) ISIN: XS2163320679Common Code: 216332067 EUR 700 000 000 EUR 300 000 000 1.125 per cent. Bonds due 22 May 2025 (the “May 2025 Bonds”) ISIN: XS1823513343Common Code: 182351334 EUR 300 000 000 EUR 500 000 000 2.500 per cent. Bonds due 24 June 2026 (the “2026 Bonds”) ISIN: XS1080163964Common Code: 108016396 EUR 500 000 000 EUR 800 000 000 0.750 per cent. Bonds due 14 April 2027 (the “2027 Bonds”) ISIN: XS1505132602Common Code: 150513260 EUR 800 000 000 GBP 250 000 000 1.750 per cent. Bonds due 26 June 2028 (the “June 2028 Bonds”) ISIN: XS2017471983Common Code: 201747198 GBP 250 000 000 EUR 500 000 000 1.000 per cent. Bonds due 17 July 2028 (the “July 2028 Bonds”) ISIN: XS2203996132Common Code: 220399613 EUR 500 000 000 EUR 800 000 000 1.000 per cent. Bonds due 27 April 2029 (the “2029 Bonds” and together with the bonds listed in this table  the “Bonds”) ISIN: XS2163333656Common Code: 216333365 EUR 800 000 000Sodexo hereby announces the launch of a consent solicitation (the “Consent Solicitation”) to solicit consents from the beneficial holders of the outstanding Bonds of each Series (the “Bondholders”) to consider and  if thought fit  approve by an extraordinary resolution (each an “Extraordinary Resolution”) at a separate meeting of Bondholders of each Series (each a “Meeting” and together  the “Meetings”) (i) the proposed spin-off by the Issuer of its Benefits & Rewards Services (“BRS”) branch (the “Transaction”) by way of a full spin-off whereby BRS shall no longer be consolidated within the Issuer’s group (the “Spin-Off”)  and (ii) the waiver and authorization of any breach or any alleged breach whatsoever of any obligation or any potential Event of Default or Event of Default  under or in respect of the Bonds  the Conditions and the relevant Fiscal Agency Agreement which may have arisen or may arise under the Bonds  the Conditions and the relevant Fiscal Agency Agreement solely as a result of or in connection with the announcement  execution and/or completion of the proposed Spin-Off for any reason under Condition 8 (save for Condition 8(a) (Non-Payment)). This approval and waiver will be valid provided the Spin-Off occurs on or before 31 December 2024.The Issuer is currently considering the exact Transaction structure  including separation of its businesses by way of the Spin-Off (i.e. full spin-off of BRS whereby BRS shall no longer be consolidated within the Issuer’s group) or partial spin-off of BRS whereby BRS shall remain consolidated within the Issuer’s group. The Issuer intends to take into account the results of the Consent Solicitation for the purposes of determining the appropriate Transaction structure and will assess its options as to implementation of the full or partial spin-off of BRS  bearing in mind that the partial spin-off does not require the approval of the Bondholders.The Consent Solicitation is being made on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum dated July 3  2023 (the “Consent Solicitation Memorandum”). Capitalised terms used in this announcement but not defined have the meanings given to them in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum.THE DEADLINE FOR RECEIPT BY THE INFORMATION AND TABULATION AGENT OF ELECTRONIC VOTING INSTRUCTIONS FROM BONDHOLDERS WISHING TO VOTE IN FAVOUR OF THE RELEVANT EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION AND TO BE ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE THE EARLY VOTING FEE IS 5.00 P.M. (PARIS TIME) ON JULY 13  2023  AS MAY BE EXTENDED OR AMENDED AT THE SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION OF THE ISSUER.The ProposalSodexo (the “Issuer”) is a global leader in quality-of-life services. The business of the Issuer is currently built around two business units:On-Site Services (“OSS”) which provides food and facility management services for companies  campuses  governments  healthcare & seniors and schools. Food services include an increasing range of services on top of the traditional onsite restaurants  with on-site and off-site production  click & collect  smart fridges  delivery and commissiary services; and Benefits & Rewards Services operating under the name “Pluxee” (“BRS”) which provides a wide range of employee benefits  focused on meal and food benefits  as well as a range of other connected activities  such as employee rewards & recognition  engagement  gift cards  public benefits delivered through paper vouchers  cards  etc. and fuel & fleet management.On April 5  2023  the Issuer announced that its Board has unanimously approved the potential Transaction which is expected to take place in 2024 subject to market conditions and following the completion of a number of customary steps  including consultation of the employee representative bodies.Detailed Transaction parameters and terms will be presented at a later stage and submitted to the approval of the Issuer’s Board and shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting. The main shareholder of Sodexo  Bellon S.A.  holding 42.75% of share capital and 57.5% of the exercisable voting rights of the Issuer as at the date of the Consent Solicitation Memorandum  has indicated its support for the potential Transaction and its intention to continue to play a long-term controlling shareholder role in both OSS and BRS.The potential Transaction is not expected to have any negative impact on strategy  operational or financial conditions or the rating profile of the Issuer. It can be explained by the limited synergies existing between OSS and BRS which have different growth and profitability drivers  different business models  different client bases and different geographies.OSS Net Debt resulting from the Spin-Off assumes an improvement of OSS’ cash position in excess of 1.0 billion euros  by way of (i) a repayment by BRS to the Issuer of its existing intercompany loan in the amount of approximately 545 million euros and (ii) a debt allocation to BRS from the Issuer in an amount of approximately 500 million euros at the time of completion of the Spin-Off. These numbers remain indicative as of the date hereof and subject to finalization of the Spin-Off structure.It is important to note that the Issuer remains committed to its long-standing target net debt ratio1 of 1.0x - 2.0x  and a strong investment grade rating following the Spin-Off as has been clearly stated in the April 2023 announcements of both the Issuer and its major shareholder Bellon SA. Given the robust cash generation and increase in EBITDA expected during Fiscal Year 2023  combined with the cash improvement outlined above  the Issuer intends to reduce its net debt ratio so that it would fall close to the targeted range within 12 to 18 months of the Spin-Off completion  and would remain within that range over the medium term. This is in line with the Issuer’s clear track record of maintaining a conservative financial policy over many years.The Issuer expects that as a result of the implementation of the Transaction the rating of both the Bonds and the Issuer will remain stable at BBB+ from S&P Global Ratings Europe Ltd (“S&P”) and Baa1 from Moody’s France S.A.S (“Moody’s”)  respectively. In addition  the Issuer also initiated a rating by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) that assigned the rating of BBB+ to the Issuer and expects that as a result of the implementation of the Transaction the rating of the Issuer assigned by Fitch will remain stable at BBB+. Therefore  the potential Transaction  including by way of the Spin-Off  is not expected to have any impact on the solvency of the Issuer and its financial structure would remain solid.In anticipation of the potential Transaction  the Issuer obtained unconditional approvals of the Transaction from its lender creditors under the Revolving Credit Facilities.The Issuer  therefore  seeks approval by the Bondholders of the Proposal in case the Issuer subsequently decides to implement the potential Transaction by way of the Spin-Off.The Proposed Modifications in relation to each Series of Bonds described in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum shall be conditional upon each Consent Solicitation in relation to each other Series of Bonds being successful (the “Cross Condition”)  provided that the Issuer reserves the right to  in its sole discretion  waive the Cross Condition at any time before the notice of results of the relevant Meeting is published by the Issuer.Assuming the passing of the relevant Extraordinary Resolution at the Meeting of any Series of Bonds  such Extraordinary Resolution will be binding on all the Bondholders of such Series  including those Bondholders of such Series who do not vote in favour of such Extraordinary Resolutions or who do not attend the Meeting and/or vote.The Early Voting FeesSubject to (i) the Extraordinary Resolution relating to the Meeting of the Bondholders being duly passed at the Meeting or at an Adjourned Meeting of such first convened Meeting  as the case may be  (ii) the Issuer not having previously terminated the Consent Solicitation in accordance with the provisions for such termination set out in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum  and (iii) the Cross Condition being satisfied or waived  each Bondholder who submits an Electronic Voting Instruction in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution relating to the Meeting of the Bondholders which is received by the Information and Tabulation Agent on or prior to the Early Instruction Deadline and does not subsequently validly revoke such instruction  shall be eligible to receive a one-time cash payment in an amount of 0.25 per cent. of the principal amount of its Bonds of such Series specified in the table above which are the subject of such Electronic Voting Instruction (an “Early Voting Fee”).Expected timetableThe times and dates below are indicative only. All references to times throughout the Consent Solicitation Memorandum are to Paris time  unless otherwise stated. All of the dates set out below are subject to change to comply with any earlier deadlines that may be set by the Clearing Systems or any intermediary. Bondholders who are not direct accountholders in the Clearing Systems should read carefully the provisions set out under “Voting and Quorum” in the copy of each Notice of Meeting appearing in Appendix A to the Consent Solicitation Memorandum.Event  date and timeAnnouncement of Consent Solicitation and relevant ProposalJuly 3  2023Notice of Meetings of Bondholders is published on the website of Euronext Paris and through the Clearing Systems and the Notifying News Service and the Consent Solicitation Memorandum is delivered to the Bondholders.Consent Solicitation Memorandum is made available to Bondholders on the Consent Website and at the offices of the relevant Fiscal Agent (copies of which are obtainable  upon request  free of charge).Early Instruction Deadline5.00 p.m. (Paris time) on July 13  2023Latest time and date for receipt by the Information andTabulation Agent of Electronic Voting Instructions in order to be eligible to receive the Early Voting Fee  if any.Instruction Deadline5.00 p.m. (Paris time) on July 20  2023Latest time and date for submission or delivery (or revocation) of Electronic Voting Instructions.The Instruction Deadline is also the deadline for obtaining a Voting Certificate or a form of proxy from the relevant Fiscal Agent and for revocation or amendments to Voting Instructions.Time and date of the initial MeetingOn July 25  2023 at 10.00 a.m. (Paris time) (in respect of the 2024 Bonds)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the 2024 Bonds (in respect of the April 2025 Bonds)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the April 2025 Bonds (in respect of the May 2025 Bonds)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the May 2025 Bonds (in respect of the 2026 Bonds)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the 2026 Bonds (in respect of the 2027 Bonds)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the 2027 Bonds (in respect of the June 2028 Bonds)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the June 2028 Bonds (in respect of the July 2028 Bonds)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the July 2028 Bonds (in respect of the 2029 Bonds).If an Extraordinary Resolution is passed at a Meeting:Effective DateOn or about July 25  2023Notice of the Result of the relevant Meeting to be given to Bondholders (in any event not later than 14 days after the conclusion of the relevant Meeting)On or about July 25  2023Settlement DateUp to 3 Business Days following the Effective DateIf a Meeting is adjourned:Notice of relevant Adjourned Meeting  including a revised timetable  intended to be given to the relevant BondholdersOn or about July 25  2023Latest time and date for submission and delivery (or revocation) of Electronic Voting Instructions through the Clearing Systems for any Adjourned Meeting (Adjourned Instruction Deadline)5.00 p.m. (Paris time) on August 3  2023Latest time for obtaining a Voting Certificate or a form of proxy from the relevant Fiscal Agent and for revocation or amendments to Voting Instructions for any Adjourned Meeting given other than by way of an Electronic Voting Instruction5.00 p.m. (Paris time) on or about August 3  2023Earliest time and date of Adjourned Meeting (if any)On August 8  2023 at 10.00 a.m. (Paris time) (in respect of the 2024 Bonds  if any)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the 2024 Bonds (in respect of the April 2025 Bonds  if any)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the April 2025 Bonds (in respect of the May 2025 Bonds  if any)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the May 2025 Bonds (in respect of the 2026 Bonds  if any)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the 2026 Bonds (in respect of the 2027 Bonds  if any)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the 2027 Bonds (in respect of the June 2028 Bonds  if any)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the June 2028 Bonds (in respect of the July 2028 Bonds  if any)Five minutes after the conclusion of the meeting for the July 2028 Bonds (in respect of the 2029 Bonds  if any).If any Extraordinary Resolution is passed at an Adjourned Meeting:Effective DateOn or about August 8  2023Notice of Result of any relevant Adjourned Meeting to be given to the relevant Bondholders (in any event not later than 14 days after the conclusion of the relevant Adjourned Meeting)On or about August 8  2023Settlement DateUp to 3 Business Days following the Effective DateIn addition  unless stated otherwise  all announcements in connection with the Consent Solicitation will be made by the Issuer by delivery of a notice to the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants. Such announcements will also be (i) made by the issue of a press release to a Notifying News Service and (ii) published on the website of Euronext Paris. Copies of all announcements  notices and press releases can also be obtained from the Information and Tabulation Agent  whose telephone number and email address are set out on the back cover page of the Consent Solicitation Memorandum. Significant delays may be experienced where notices are delivered to the Clearing Systems and Bondholders are urged to contact the Information and Tabulation Agent for the relevant announcements during the course of the Consent Solicitation. In addition  Bondholders may contact the Solicitation Agents for information at their telephone number and email address set out on the back cover page of the Consent Solicitation Memorandum.Bondholders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold their Bonds when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from a Bondholder in order for such Bondholder to participate in  or (in the limited circumstances in which revocation is permitted) to validly revoke their instruction to participate in  the Consent Solicitation and/or the Meeting by the deadlines specified above. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and each Clearing System for the submission and (where permitted) revocation of Voting Instructions will be earlier than the relevant deadlines above.Required QuorumThe quorum required at each Meeting of any Series of Bonds shall be at least two Bondholders (as defined in the relevant Fiscal Agency Agreement) representing or holding Voting Certificate(s) or being proxies or representatives and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than a clear majority of the principal amount of such Bonds for the time being outstanding. Each of the relevant Fiscal Agency Agreements provides that  while the Bonds of any Series are represented by the relevant Permanent Global Bond  the holder of such Permanent Global Bond shall be deemed to be two Bondholders for the purposes of forming a quorum at any Meeting.If within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any relevant Meeting  a quorum is not present  the Meeting shall be adjourned for such period  being not less than 14 days but not more than 42 days  and to such place as the chairman determines provided that the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer decides. Notice of any Adjourned Meeting shall be given in the same manner as notice of the relevant first convened Meeting  save that 10 days’ notice  shall be sufficient and such notice shall contain the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting resumes.At any Adjourned Meeting  the quorum shall also be at least two Bondholders representing or holding Voting Certificate(s) or being proxies or representatives and holding or representing whatever the principal amount of the Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding held or represented and while the Bonds of any Series are represented by the relevant Permanent Global Bond  the holder of such Permanent Global Bond shall be deemed to be two Bondholders for the purposes of forming a quorum at any Meeting.Required MajorityThe relevant Extraordinary Resolution must be passed at the Meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Meeting Provisions by a majority of at least seventy-five per cent. (75%) of the votes cast at such Meeting.Further Details of the Consent SolicitationThe Consent Solicitation Memorandum  each Fiscal Agency Agreement and each Notice of Meeting are available for viewing on the Consent Website. Additionally  Bondholders may  at any time during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays  Sundays and bank and other public holidays in the relevant jurisdiction excepted) prior to the Meetings  inspect copies of such documents at the office of the Issuer set out below. Any questions regarding the terms of the Proposal or the Consent Solicitation may be directed to the Issuer  the Solicitation Agents or the Information and Tabulation Agent at the addresses and telephone numbers specified below:The IssuerSODEXO255  quai de la Bataille-de-Stalingrad 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux  FranceBondholders who have questions regarding the Proposal may contact:The Solicitation AgentsCitigroup Global Markets LimitedCitigroup CentreCanada SquareCanary WharfLondon E14 5LBUnited KingdomAttention: Liability Management GroupTelephone:+44 20 7986 8969Email: liabilitymanagement.europe@citi.comHSBC Continental Europe38  avenue Kléber75116 ParisFranceAttention: Liability Management  DCMTelephone:+44 (0) 20 7992 6237Email: LM_EMEA@hsbc.comJ.P. Morgan SETaunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)60310 Frankfurt am MainGermanyAttention: EMEA Liability Management GroupTelephone:+44 20 7134 2468Email: liability_management_EMEA@jpmorgan.comRequests for documents or information in relation to the procedures for submitting Voting Instructions should be directed to:D.F. KingIn New York:48 Wall Street. 22nd FloorNew York  New York 10005United StatesBanks and Brokers call: +1212 269 5550All others call toll free (U.S. only): (800) 549-6697In London:65 Gresham StreetLondon EC2V 7NQUnited KingdomTel. +44 20 7920 9700In Hong Kong:Suite 1601  16/F  Central Tower28 Queen’s Road CentralHong KongTel: +852 3953 7208Email: sodexo@dfkingltd.comConsent Website: https://www.dfkingltd.com/sodexo/DISCLAIMERBy participating in the Consent Solicitation and attending  and/or submitting Voting Instructions or approving a proxy in relation to the Meeting  the Bondholders will be deemed to have made and given the representations  warranties and undertakings set out in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum.In particular  the Proposal is not being made to Bondholders who are persons resident or located in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Proposal would not be in compliance with the securities laws of such jurisdictions.Neither the Consent Solicitation Memorandum nor this announcement constitutes an invitation to participate in the Consent Solicitation in any jurisdiction in which  or to any person to whom  it is unlawful to make such invitation or for there to be such participation under applicable securities laws or regulations. The distribution of the Consent Solicitation Memorandum and this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by laws or regulations.Persons into whose possession the Consent Solicitation Memorandum and this announcement comes are required by each of the Issuer  the Solicitation Agents  the Fiscal Agents  and the Information and Tabulation Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions. None of the Issuer  the Solicitation Agents  the Fiscal Agents or the Information and Tabulation Agent will incur any liability for its own failure or the failure of any other person or persons to comply with the provisions of any such restrictions.Neither the Consent Solicitation Memorandum nor this announcement is an offer of securities for sale in the United States or to any U.S. person. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration. The Bonds have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act  or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons  unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available.For the purpose of the Consent Solicitation Memorandum and this announcement  “United States” means the United States of America  its territories and possessions  any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them by the Securities Act.In addition  the communication of the Consent Solicitation Memorandum  this announcement and any other documents or materials relating to the Proposal is not being made  and such documents and/or materials have not been approved  by an authorised person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”). Accordingly  such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. Such documents and/or materials are only directed at and may only be communicated to (1) any person within Article 43(2) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  which includes a creditor or member of the Issuer  and (2) to any other persons to whom these documents and/or materials may lawfully be communicated in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply.***About SodexoFounded in Marseille in 1966 by Pierre Bellon  Sodexo is the global leader in sustainable food and valued experiences at every moment in life: learn  work  heal and play. Operating in 53 countries  our 422 000 employees serve 100 million consumers each day. The Sodexo Group stands out for its independence and its founding family shareholding  its responsible business model and its portfolio of activities including Food Services  Facilities Management Services and Employee Benefit Solutions. This diversified offer meets all the challenges of everyday life with a dual goal: to improve the quality of life of our employees and those we serve  and contribute to the economic  social and environmental progress in the communities where we operate. For Sodexo  growth and social commitment go hand in hand. Our purpose is to create a better everyday for everyone to build a better life for all.Sodexo is included in the CAC Next 20  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5  FTSE 4 Good and DJSI indices.Key figures21.1 billion euros in Fiscal 2022consolidated revenuesconsolidated revenues 422 000 employees as at August 31  2022#2 France-based private employer worldwide 53 countries100 million consumers served daily14.9 billion euros in market capitalization(as at June 30  2023)ContactsAnalysts and Investors Media Virginia Jeanson+33 1 57 75 80 56virginia.jeanson@sodexo.com Mathieu Scaravetti+33 6 28 62 21 91mathieu.scaravetti@sodexo.com1 Net debt ratio means net debt (being borrowing at the balance sheet date less operating cash) divided by underlying EBITDA (being underlying operating profit before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) as further described on page 189 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document of the Issuer.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.06,0.15,0.79,True,English,"['Announcement', 'solicitation', 'consents', 'SODEXO', 'Citigroup Global Markets Limited', 'J.P. Morgan SE', 'Common Code Outstanding principal amount', 'relevant Fiscal Agency Agreement', 'applicable securities laws', 'HSBC Continental Europe', 'D.F. King', 'Early Voting Fee', 'ELECTRONIC VOTING INSTRUCTIONS', 'exact Transaction structure', 'appropriate Transaction structure', 'RELEVANT EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION', 'Consent Solicitation Memorandum', 'The Consent Solicitation', 'Fiscal Agents', 'outstanding Bonds', 'Solicitation Agents', 'N.A.', 'BNP Paribas', 'société', 'Rewards Services', 'partial spin-off', 'beneficial holders', 'separate meeting', 'alleged breach', 'potential Event', 'Capitalised terms', 'TABULATION AGENT', 'full spin-off', 'April 2025 Bonds', 'May 2025 Bonds', 'June 2028 Bonds', 'July 2028 Bonds', '2024 Bonds', '2026 Bonds', '2027 Bonds', '2029 Bonds', 'Issy-les-Moulineaux', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'JURISDICTION', 'PERSON', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'invitation', 'participation', 'regulations', 'possession', 'Issuer', 'Information', 'Citibank', 'restrictions', 'consents', 'SODEXO', 'France', 'table', 'Description', 'ISIN', 'launch', 'Series', 'Bondholders', 'Meetings', 'Benefits', 'BRS', 'branch', 'way', 'waiver', 'authorization', 'obligation', 'Default', 'respect', 'Conditions', 'result', 'connection', 'execution', 'completion', 'reason', 'Payment', 'approval', '31 December', 'separation', 'businesses', 'account', 'purposes', 'options', 'implementation', 'mind', 'meanings', 'DEADLINE', 'RECEIPT', 'FAVOUR']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,marketscreener.com
27221,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/monday-insight-medtech-firm-healthbeacon-targeting-prosperity-in-us-market/a1483781853.html,Monday Insight: Medtech firm HealthBeacon targeting prosperity in US market,HealthBeacon is finding its stride. “We feel really  really good about our US business ” says Jim Joyce  the company’s founder and chief executive.,HealthBeacon is finding its stride. “We feel really  really good about our US business ” says Jim Joyce  the company’s founder and chief executive.Joyce anticipates that a sense of growing momentum across the Atlantic will help the medtech firm pave a way towards profitability.HealthBeacon  which listed on Euronext Dublin in 2021  develops smart tools to assist patients to manage their medications from their homes. The company’s smart sharp bins remind patients when to take necessary injections.Mr Joyce founded the company 10 years ago following a decade spent working in the pharmaceutical industry. There he learned more about patients with chronic medical conditions who needed to adhere to a medication schedule.HealthBeacon’s IPO raised €25m  with the company reporting a market capitalisation of €98.4m on the day of its public listing. This figure now stands at around €32m on Euronext Dublin  while shares have slid around 58pc in the past year.In the past month  however  the share price has jumped 111pc. Mr Joyce attributes this to a surge in activity in the US  with a few key areas giving “all that optimism that we’ve got the right product fit.”The first area is the specialty pharmacy industry.“We’ve done a number of deals with specialty pharmacy organisations in the US ” he says. “Organisations like Accredo  where they integrated the technology into their fundamental offering.“That means if you’re on a high-value injectable medication and you’re working with certain large pharmacy systems  you’re going to be offered the HealthBeacon device as part of going on that medication.“That’s a really exciting thing that we have been working on for years. That’s taken us a long time to get it there.”HealthBeacon’s offerings will also be reimbursed by insurers in the US  he explains.“There’s been a new category developed with Medicare [federal health insurance] which allows for remote therapeutic monitoring. Clinicians in certain therapeutic areas can now provide the HealthBeacon to their patients and they can bill back to the insurance companies for that.”Mr Joyce spends most of his time in the market  building up teams and engaging with customers in the relevant channels. He is eager to build new partnerships  while others have been extended.This includes its partnership with Hamilton Beach Brands Inc earlier this month. Hamilton Beach is an American company focused on designing  marketing and distributing branded electric household  commercial or specialty products.“Hamilton Beach is going to be working with us on our manufacturing and supply chain ” Mr Joyce says. “They are going to be taking over the management of our inventory and the actual shipping of our product directly to the patient.“As part of that  it frees up a lot of working capital. People are looking at this saying ‘hey  from a working capital perspective  when do we get profitable? When do we start generating cash?’”He believes the Hamilton Beach deal extension will help answer some of those questions.“[The deal] reduces our cash burn as we invest and roll out in the States.”The scale of Hamilton Beach’s operations also reduces the costs of goods for the medtech firm. He describes the move as “quite transformative financially.”“[Investors] were excited about us leaning into our supply chain and trying to really cleverly manage the cost of producing devices and getting it distributed to customers ” he adds.This was noted by Goodbody analyst Adam Barker following the announcement.“The expanded partnership will significantly improve HealthBeacon’s cashflows ” he wrote. “In addition  it will also allow the company to leverage Hamilton Beach’s supply chain  distribution  and procurement capabilities to produce and distribute its health devices across the US more efficiently as it scales significantly in the region over the coming quarters.”More US partnerships are coming down the line with speciality pharmacy organisations  pharma companies  as well as clinical practices  Mr Joyce says.HealthBeacon has over 20 employees in the US market  with offices in Boston and Orlando. Overall  the company’s headcount stood at around 67 at the end of last year.The company’s client base grew to 30 last year from 23 in 2021. Sales rose slightly to €2.25m from €2.2m the prior year  while its losses per tax grew to €13m.This was attributed to a global chip shortage and energy crisis  which also weighed on gross margins. However  he is upbeat about what the future holds as the business predicts annualised revenue of €25m by the end of March next year.“You know  building a company isn’t always overnight ” he adds with a chuckle.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.22,0.21,True,English,"['Medtech firm HealthBeacon', 'Monday Insight', 'US market', 'prosperity', 'Goodbody analyst Adam Barker', 'Hamilton Beach Brands Inc', 'Hamilton Beach deal extension', 'chronic medical conditions', 'large pharmacy systems', 'branded electric household', 'global chip shortage', 'smart sharp bins', 'remote therapeutic monitoring', 'speciality pharmacy organisations', 'specialty pharmacy industry', 'right product fit', 'specialty pharmacy organisations', 'high-value injectable medication', 'federal health insurance', 'working capital perspective', 'More US partnerships', 'specialty products', 'smart tools', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'therapeutic areas', 'new partnerships', 'chief executive', 'growing momentum', 'medtech firm', 'Euronext Dublin', 'necessary injections', 'medication schedule', 'public listing', 'past month', 'share price', 'key areas', 'first area', 'fundamental offering', 'exciting thing', 'new category', 'insurance companies', 'relevant channels', 'supply chain', 'actual shipping', 'procurement capabilities', 'health devices', 'coming quarters', 'clinical practices', 'client base', 'energy crisis', 'gross margins', 'annualised revenue', 'Jim Joyce', 'Mr Joyce', 'past year', 'last year', 'prior year', 'market capitalisation', 'long time', 'cash burn', 'US market', 'HealthBeacon device', 'American company', 'US business', 'stride', 'founder', 'sense', 'Atlantic', 'way', 'profitability', 'patients', 'medications', 'homes', 'decade', 'IPO', 'day', 'figure', 'shares', 'surge', 'activity', 'optimism', 'number', 'deals', 'Accredo', 'technology', 'years', 'offerings', 'insurers', 'Medicare', 'Clinicians', 'teams', 'customers', 'others', 'marketing', 'commercial', 'manufacturing', 'management', 'inventory', 'lot', 'People', 'questions', 'States', 'scale', 'operations', 'costs', 'goods', 'move', 'Investors', 'announcement', 'cashflows', 'addition', 'distribution', 'region', 'line', '20 employees', 'offices', 'Boston', 'Orlando', 'headcount', 'end', 'Sales', 'losses', 'tax', 'future', 'March', 'chuckle']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,independent.ie
27222,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bess-power-corporation-reaches-its-first-milestone-ercot-confirms-the-capacity-of-lund-storage-project-for-a-total-power-of-407-55-mw-301868754.html,BESS POWER CORPORATION REACHES ITS FIRST MILESTONE: ERCOT CONFIRMS THE CAPACITY OF LUND STORAGE PROJECT FOR A TOTAL POWER OF 407.55 MW,"DOVEN  Del.  July 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Bess Power Corporation (""BESS Power"") announces that the Lund Storage project has started the Full interconnect Study (FIS) in conjunction with the Texas independent system operator  Electric Reliability Council of Te…","DOVEN  Del.  July 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Bess Power Corporation (""BESS Power"") announces that the Lund Storage project has started the Full interconnect Study (FIS) in conjunction with the Texas independent system operator  Electric Reliability Council of Texas Inc. (""ERCOT"")  and Lower Colorado River Authority (""LCRA""). Lund Storage has an import/export capacity of 407.55 MW  establishing it as one of the largest utility-scale energy storage projects in the state of Texas.BESS Power Corp  is owned jointly by Redelfi  a Euronext Milan listed company  Altea Green Power  and the U.S. based developer Elio Energy Group LLC. Lund Storage is the first project in a growing portfolio. BESS Power purchased the US-registered SPV Lund Storage Center 1 LLC earlier this year  which is located on 50 acres of privately-owned land in Travis County  Texas.Philip Herman  Chief Operating Officer of BESS Power  said  ""Our main focus has been to grow our greenfield portfolio with the highest quality projects possible  which Lund Storage is an excellent example of. The early success of Lund Storage is a step in the right direction and demonstrates the drive and deep expertise of our team and partners as we work towards our goals. Energy storage will play an ever-increasing role in the transmission system in ERCOT and elsewhere across the country.""Lund Storage is now moving forward with the Full Interconnect Study  with a projected commercial operations date in 2026. This marks a key milestone in BESS Power's goal of developing in excess of 2 GW of stand-alone storage projects across the USA.About BESS Power:BESS Power Corporation is a leading utility-scale energy storage developer with a primary focus on stand-alone BESS (Battery Energy Storage Systems) projects across the United States. Established with Redelfi Group  Altea Green Power and Elio Energy Group LLC  BESS Power Corporation is manufacturer independent  providing best-in-class energy storage solutions. The combination of these key market players brings a wealth of financial capabilities and technical expertise in this fast-growing market.For more information  visit www.besspowercorp.com.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2145608/BESS_Power_Logo.jpgFor PR and media inquiries  contact:[email protected]SOURCE BESS Power Corporation",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['LUND STORAGE PROJECT', 'BESS POWER CORPORATION', 'TOTAL POWER', 'FIRST MILESTONE', 'ITS', 'ERCOT', 'CAPACITY', '407.55 MW', 'leading utility-scale energy storage developer', 'largest utility-scale energy storage projects', 'Battery Energy Storage Systems) projects', 'SPV Lund Storage Center 1 LLC', 'U.S. based developer', 'Lower Colorado River Authority', 'Euronext Milan listed company', 'Elio Energy Group LLC', 'Texas independent system operator', 'SOURCE BESS Power Corporation', 'energy storage solutions', 'highest quality projects', 'stand-alone storage projects', 'Full interconnect Study', 'Electric Reliability Council', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'commercial operations date', 'Altea Green Power', 'Lund Storage project', 'key market players', 'stand-alone BESS', 'transmission system', 'Redelfi Group', 'first project', 'key milestone', 'growing market', 'Texas Inc.', 'import/export capacity', 'growing portfolio', 'Travis County', 'Philip Herman', 'main focus', 'greenfield portfolio', 'excellent example', 'early success', 'right direction', 'deep expertise', 'increasing role', 'primary focus', 'United States', 'financial capabilities', 'technical expertise', 'media inquiries', 'DOVEN', 'Del.', 'PRNewswire', 'FIS', 'conjunction', 'ERCOT', 'LCRA', '407.55 MW', 'US-registered', '50 acres', 'step', 'drive', 'team', 'partners', 'goals', 'country', 'excess', '2 GW', 'USA', 'manufacturer', 'class', 'combination', 'wealth', 'information', 'besspowercorp', 'Logo']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,prnewswire.com
27223,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/adare-pharma-solutions-announces-divestiture-of-postbiotics-pioneer-adare-biome-to-dsm-firmenich-301868624.html,Adare Pharma Solutions announces divestiture of postbiotics pioneer Adare Biome to dsm-firmenich,PHILADELPHIA  July 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Adare Pharma Solutions  a global technology-driven CDMO focused on oral dosage forms  today announced the completion of its divestiture of its Adare Biome business unit  a pioneer in the development and manufacturing…,"PHILADELPHIA  July 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Adare Pharma Solutions  a global technology-driven CDMO focused on oral dosage forms  today announced the completion of its divestiture of its Adare Biome business unit  a pioneer in the development and manufacturing of postbiotics  to dsm-firmenich  innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty. The transaction represents an enterprise value of €275 million  an estimated 2023 EV/EBITDA multiple of 18x.Tom Sellig  CEO of Adare Pharma Solutions  commented: ""dsm-firmenich is the ideal company to take Adare Biome to the next level and realize the growth potential of postbiotics. They have the infrastructure  together with strong commercialization and science capabilities  to scale the significant scientific research that we've achieved over the years. This divestiture will provide Adare Pharma Solutions with additional resources for our core CDMO business and allow us to further grow our position as a world-class outsourcing partner to the pharmaceutical industry.""dsm-firmenich intends to extend the availability of Lactéol®  Adare Biome's over-the-counter postbiotic supplement for relieving gut upsets  through its B2C unit  i-Health. Further development of postbiotic B2B ingredients will include opportunities in dietary supplements  early-life nutrition  medical nutrition  and nutritional improvement for the under-nourished. The acquisition of Adare Biome will also position dsm-firmenich as a leader in the growing microbiome management market for pets  and expand its animal health range  where the stability of postbiotics means they can be incorporated into premix feed solutions.Philip Eykerman  dsm-firmenich's President Health  Nutrition & Care  said: ""Adare Biome  as a global leader in the research and manufacturing of postbiotics with over a century of pioneering science in its heritage  is a perfect fit for dsm-firmenich that will complement three of our four Business Units. The Adare Biome teams bring great knowledge in this area which will greatly help in driving our 'Health from the Gut' strategy and enable us to accelerate the creation of next-generation biotics to support the health of people and animals. We are excited to welcome the Adare Biome people to the dsm-firmenich family and about the new opportunities this move will unlock. dsm-firmenich's strong global presence and reach in local markets will enable us to deliver Adare Biome products to customers in a faster  more efficient way to bring the proven benefits of postbiotics to a wider range of people around the world.""About Adare Pharma SolutionsAdare Pharma Solutions is a global  technology-driven CDMO providing product development through commercial manufacturing expertise  with a focus on oral dosage forms for the pharmaceutical industry. Adare's specialized technology platforms provide taste masking  controlled release  solubility enhancement  and patient-centric dosing solutions. With a proven history in drug delivery  Adare has developed and manufactured more than 65 products sold by customers in more than 100 countries globally. More information can be found at www.adarepharmasolutions.com.About dsm-firmenichAs innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  dsm-firmenich reinvents  manufactures  and combines vital nutrients  flavors  and fragrances for the world's growing population to thrive. With our comprehensive range of solutions  with natural and renewable ingredients and renowned science and technology capabilities  we work to create what is essential for life  desirable for consumers  and more sustainable for the planet. dsm-firmenich is a Swiss-Dutch company  listed on the Euronext Amsterdam  with operations in almost 60 countries and revenues of more than €12 billion. With a diverse  worldwide team of nearly 30 000 employees  we bring progress to life™ every day  everywhere  for billions of people.www.dsm-firmenich.comSOURCE Adare Pharma Solutions",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['Adare Pharma Solutions', 'Adare Biome', 'postbiotics pioneer', 'divestiture', 'firmenich', 'growing microbiome management market', 'The Adare Biome teams', 'SOURCE Adare Pharma Solutions', 'Adare Biome business unit', 'core CDMO business', 'four Business Units', 'oral dosage forms', 'world-class outsourcing partner', 'counter postbiotic supplement', 'diverse, worldwide team', 'premix feed solutions', 'patient-centric dosing solutions', 'global technology-driven CDMO', 'global, technology-driven CDMO', 'postbiotic B2B ingredients', 'specialized technology platforms', 'strong global presence', 'significant scientific research', 'commercial manufacturing expertise', 'Adare Biome products', 'Adare Biome people', 'animal health range', 'B2C unit', 'growing population', 'strong commercialization', 'renewable ingredients', 'technology capabilities', 'wider range', 'comprehensive range', 'global leader', 'enterprise value', '2023 EV/EBITDA multiple', 'Tom Sellig', 'ideal company', 'next level', 'growth potential', 'additional resources', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'Lactéol®', 'gut upsets', 'dietary supplements', 'nutritional improvement', 'Philip Eykerman', 'a century', 'perfect fit', 'great knowledge', ""Gut' strategy"", 'next-generation biotics', 'local markets', 'efficient way', 'proven benefits', 'taste masking', 'controlled release', 'solubility enhancement', 'proven history', 'drug delivery', 'More information', 'vital nutrients', 'Swiss-Dutch company', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'science capabilities', 'Further development', 'product development', 'renowned science', 'new opportunities', 'early-life nutrition', 'medical nutrition', 'dsm-firmenich family', '65 products', 'PHILADELPHIA', 'completion', 'divestiture', 'pioneer', 'postbiotics', 'innovators', 'beauty', 'transaction', '18x', 'CEO', 'infrastructure', 'years', 'position', 'availability', 'i-Health', 'acquisition', 'pets', 'stability', 'President', 'Care', 'heritage', 'area', 'creation', 'animals', 'move', 'reach', 'customers', 'focus', '100 countries', 'adarepharmasolutions', 'flavors', 'fragrances', 'natural', 'consumers', 'planet', 'operations', '60 countries', 'revenues', '30,000 employees', 'progress', 'life™', 'billions']",2023-07-03,2023-07-04,prnewswire.com
27224,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/teleperformance-monthly-information-regarding-shares-161500130.html,Teleperformance: Monthly Information Regarding Shares and Voting Rights,Teleperformance (Paris:TEP): - Total number of shares composing the share capital of the company: 59 120 842 - Total number of gross voting rights: 60 635 614 Presence in the bylaws of a provision requiring the disclosure of a crossing of threshold in addition to those for which disclosure is mandatory: NO Teleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.,(Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the Règlement général of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)PARIS  July 04  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP):Stock Market: Euronext Paris – compartment AISIN Code: FR0000051807As of June 30  2023:- Total number of shares composing the share capital of the company: 59 120 842- Total number of gross voting rights: 60 635 614Presence in the bylaws of a provision requiring the disclosure of a crossing of threshold in addition to those for which disclosure is mandatory: NO-----------------------------------ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP) is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world’s biggest brands and their customers. The Group’s comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group’s global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Visit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230704777431/en/ContactsTeleperformance,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Voting Rights', 'Teleperformance', 'Information', 'Shares', 'Règlement général', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'deferred settlement service', 'gross voting rights', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'corporate social responsibility', 'French Commercial Code', 'digital business services', 'Euronext Paris market', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global leader', 'global scale', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Stock Market', 'Regulatory News', 'ISIN Code', 'Total number', 'share capital', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'Safety services', 'online users', 'brand reputation', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'recruitment process', 'passionate people', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'following indices', 'source version', 'The Group', 'Compartment A', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance shares', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'Article', 'July', 'June', 'company', 'bylaws', 'provision', 'disclosure', 'crossing', 'threshold', 'addition', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers', 'Trust', 'range', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', '410,000 inspired', '300 languages', 'force', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'area', 'September', 'View', 'businesswire', 'Contacts']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,finance.yahoo.com
27225,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanzen.at/nachrichten/aktien/information-relating-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-forming-the-share-capital-1032425842,INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES FORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL,"(1) Representing 35 589 417 ordinary shares of €2.00 par value each  listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market under ISIN code FR0013227113 and the mnemonic ""SOI”. (2) The total number of theoretical voting rights (or ""gross” voting ...","In Bernin  on July 4  2023INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES FORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and article 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French ?nancial markets authority (AMF))Corporate name and address of the company: SOITECParc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques 38190 Bernin (FRANCE)Statement date Total number of shares forming the share capital Total number of voting rights 6/30/202335 589 417 (1)Number of theoretical (gross) voting rights (2): 45 774 399 Number of exercisable (net) voting rights (3): 45 770 178(1) Representing 35 589 417 ordinary shares of €2.00 par value each  listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market under ISIN code FR0013227113 and the mnemonic ""SOI”.(2) The total number of theoretical voting rights (or ""gross” voting rights) is used as the basis for calculating the crossing of shareholding thresholds. In accordance with article 223-11 of the the General Regulation of the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which single or double voting rights are attached  including shares without voting rights (for example  treasury shares).(3) The total number of exercisable voting rights (or ""net” voting rights) is calculated after taking into account the number of shares entitled to double voting rights  and after deduction of the shares without voting rights (for example  treasury shares).# # #About SoitecSoitec (Euronext - Tech 40 Paris)  a world leader in innovative semiconductor materials  has been developing cutting-edge products delivering both technological performance and energy e?ciency for over 30 years. From its global headquarters in France  Soitec is expanding internationally with its unique solutions  and generated sales of 1.09 billion euros in ?scal 2022-2023. Soitec occupies a key position in the semiconductor value chain  serving three main strategic markets: mobile communications  automotive and industry  and smart devices. The company relies on the talent and diversity of its 2 100 employees  representing 50 di?erent nationalities  working at its sites in Europe  the United States and Asia. Soitec has registered over 4 000 patents.Soitec  SmartSiC™ and Smart Cut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information: https://www.soitec.com/en/ and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_O?cial# # #Investor Relations: Media contacts:investors@soitec.comIsabelle Laurent+33 6 42 37 54 17isabelle.laurent@oprg?nancial.frFabrice Baron+33 6 14 08 29 81fabrice.baron@oprg?nancial.fr# # #Soitec is a French joint-stock corporation with a Board of Directors (Société Anonyme à Conseil d’administration) with a share capital of €71 178 834 having its registered o?ce located at Parc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques - 38190 Bernin (France) and registered with the Grenoble Trade and Companies Register under number 384 711 909.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['TOTAL NUMBER', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'INFORMATION', 'RIGHTS', 'SHARES', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French ?nancial markets authority', 'three main strategic markets', 'Parc Technologique des Fontaines', 'exercisable (net) voting rights', 'French joint-stock corporation', 'Chemin des Franques', 'French Commercial Code', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'energy e?ciency', 'semiconductor value chain', '50 di?erent nationalities', 'Société Anonyme', 'exercisable voting rights', 'net” voting rights', 'gross) voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'gross” voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'ISIN code', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'General Regulation', 'Corporate name', 'Statement date', 'shareholding thresholds', 'world leader', 'cutting-edge products', 'technological performance', 'global headquarters', 'unique solutions', '1.09 billion euros', 'key position', 'mobile communications', 'smart devices', 'United States', 'Smart Cut™', 'Investor Relations', 'Media contacts', 'o?ce', 'Grenoble Trade', 'Companies Register', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'Fabrice Baron', 'Article L.', '35,589,417 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'Bernin', 'July', 'INFORMATION', 'AMF', 'address', 'company', 'SOITEC', 'FRANCE', 'basis', 'crossing', 'accordance', 'single', 'example', 'account', 'deduction', '30 years', 'sales', 'automotive', 'industry', 'talent', 'diversity', '2,100 employees', 'sites', 'Europe', 'Asia', '4,000 patents', 'SmartSiC™', 'trademarks', 'Twitter', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Conseil', 'administration', 'Attachment']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,finanzen.at
27226,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.juniorminingnetwork.com/junior-miner-news/press-releases/2882-tsx-venture/tru/144284-tru-announces-proposed-cad-3-million-strategic-investment-from-ormonde-mining-plc.html,TRU Precious Metals Announces Proposed CAD$3 Million Strategic Investment from Ormonde Mining,"TORONTO  ON / ACCESSWIRE / July 4  2023 / TRU Precious Metals Corp. (TSXV:TRU) (OTCQB:TRUIF) (""TRU"" or the ""Company"") is pleased to announce that","TORONTO  ON / ACCESSWIRE / July 4  2023 / TRU Precious Metals Corp. (TSXV:TRU) (OTCQB:TRUIF) (""TRU"" or the ""Company"") is pleased to announce that it has entered into a binding subscription agreement (the ""Agreement"") with Ormonde Mining Plc (""Ormonde"") (LON:ORM)  with respect to a non-brokered private placement of the Company to be carried out by a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ormonde for gross proceeds of CAD$3 000 000 (the ""Offering""). Pursuant to the Offering  the Company will issue a total of 60 000 000 units (""Units"") at a price of CAD$0.05 per Unit  with each Unit being comprised of one common share of the Company (each  a ""Common Share"") and 0.5 of one Common Share purchase warrant (each whole warrant  a ""Warrant""). Each Warrant would be exercisable to acquire one Common Share at a price of CAD$0.075 for a period of 36 months following the closing date of the Offering.Completion of the Offering is subject to Ormonde obtaining shareholder approval and delisting from both the LSE Alternative Investment Market (""AIM"") and Euronext Growth  and subsequently to Ormonde completing such delisting. Completion of the Offering is also subject to the Company obtaining shareholder and TSX Venture Exchange approval  as discussed below.Joel Freudman  Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of TRU  commented: ""On behalf of TRU management and our board of directors  we're very excited to work with Ormonde towards them becoming a significant stakeholder of the Company. Their intended investment in TRU  which would mark Ormonde's first foray into mineral exploration in North America  validates that TRU is significantly undervalued at current share price levels  and cements us on the right path to value-creation ahead. Both parties are extremely committed to successfully completing the Offering. We're confident Ormonde will become an increasingly important partner of TRU  as we draw on their extensive technical expertise  successful transactional experience in the resource sector  and general capital markets savvy as we continue our efforts to develop our Golden Rose Project in central Newfoundland.""Ormonde is a natural resources company listed on AIM and on the Euronext Growth market in Dublin. Headquartered in Ireland  Ormonde is focused on evaluating and executing new opportunities in the mineral exploration sector  through which they can leverage their existing balance sheet to create shareholder value. Ormonde is run by a seasoned team with a wide range of experience in natural resources including base and precious metals  investment banking and advisory services  and senior advisory roles. Ormonde has a proven track record in the successful acquisition and sale of natural resource assets  including its most recent transaction  the sale of the La Zarza gold  copper and zinc deposit property located in the Iberian Pyrite Belt in Spain.Upon completion of the Offering  and assuming no other share issuances by TRU  Ormonde would own approximately 36.19% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Shares  or 45.97% of the Common Shares on a partially-diluted basis if Ormonde were to exercise all the Warrants that would be issued to it under the Offering.In connection with the Offering  and provided Ormonde would hold greater than 33% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares  (a) Ormonde would have the right to appoint three out of five nominees to the board of directors of the Company (the ""Board"") (subject to TSX Venture Exchange approval)  and (b) management of the Company would nominate the Ormonde nominees for election as directors of the Company at each annual meeting of shareholders held following closing and the Company would be required to use its best efforts (subject to fiduciary obligations) to ensure that that nominees are elected as directors.As a further demonstration of the parties' commitment to completing the Offering  the Company has appointed Brian Timmons  the Chairman of the board of directors of Ormonde  to the Board. Mr. Timmons has over 30 years of experience in senior positions within financial institutions and a range of companies across the corporate sector including companies operating in the alternative energy  natural resource  healthcare technology  bioscience and software IT sectors. He is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.To accommodate Mr. Timmons joining the Board  Barry Greene has resigned as a director of TRU. Mr. Freudman added: ""On behalf of the entire TRU team  we sincerely thank Barry for his longstanding service to the Company since its developmental days in late 2020  first as our inaugural Vice-President of Property Development  and more recently as Chair of the Technical Committee of the Board. We wish Barry much success in his future endeavours. We also take this opportunity to welcome Brian Timmons to our Board  and look forward to his governance and transactional advice.""The proceeds from the Offering will be used for the development of the Company's Golden Rose Project  as well as for general corporate and working capital purposes. No finder's fees or commissions will be paid in connection with the Offering.Given that  following the completion of the Offering  Ormonde will have a right to appoint a majority of the directors to the board of directors of the Company  and will hold greater than 20% of the outstanding Common Shares  the Offering will require shareholder approval pursuant to the applicable policies of the TSX Venture Exchange  as Ormonde will be deemed to be a new ""Control Person"" of the Company. The Company has called an annual and special meeting of shareholders of the Company  which will be held on July 31  2023  for (among other things) the purpose of obtaining the requisite shareholder approvals for the Offering.The directors of the Corporation have unanimously approved the terms of the Offering.The securities to be issued pursuant to the Offering have not been  and will not be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act"") or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an available exemption from the registration requirement of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of  such securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful.About TRU Precious Metals Corp.TRU (TSXV:TRU; OTCQB:TRUIF) is on a mission to build long-term shareholder value  through prudent natural resource property development and transactions. TRU is exploring for gold and copper in the highly prospective Central Newfoundland Gold Belt on its 100%-owned Golden Rose Project  originally optioned from TSX-listed Altius Minerals. Golden Rose is a regional-scale 240.25 km2 land package  including a recently-discovered 20 km district-scale structure  and an additional 45 km of strike length along the deposit-bearing Cape Ray - Valentine Lake Shear Zone  directly between Marathon Gold's Valentine Gold Project and Matador Mining's Cape Ray Gold Project. In addition  TRU has an option to acquire up to an aggregate 65% ownership interest in two claim packages covering 33.25 km2 including a 12 km strike length along the Shear Zone within Golden Rose.TRU is a portfolio company of Resurgent Capital Corp. (""Resurgent"")  a merchant bank providing venture capital markets advisory services and proprietary financing. Resurgent works with promising public and pre-public micro-capitalization companies listing on Canadian stock exchanges. For more information on Resurgent and its portfolio companies  please visit Resurgent's website at https://www.resurgentcapital.ca/ or follow Resurgent on LinkedIn at https://ca.linkedin.com/company/resurgent-capital-corp.For further information about TRU  please contact:Joel FreudmanCo-Founder & CEOTRU Precious Metals Corp.Phone: 1-855-760-2TRU (2878)Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.To connect with TRU via social media  below are links:Twitter: https://twitter.com/TRUMetalsYouTube: https://www.youtube.com/@TruMetalsCorpLinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/tru-precious-metals-corp/Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/TRUMetals/Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TRUMetals/AcknowledgementTRU would like to thank the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador for its past financial support through the Junior Exploration Assistance Program.Forward-Looking InformationNeither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.This press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those relating to the Offering and the use of proceeds thereof  and the Company's relationship with Ormonde. These statements are based on numerous assumptions and the Company's plans that are believed by management to be reasonable in the circumstances  and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  including without limitation: transaction execution risk relating to the Offering and related regulatory approvals; risks related to the ability of the Company to use the proceeds as intended; risks that current discussions may not lead to any future investments by Ormonde  risks inherent in mineral exploration activities; mineralization hosted on adjacent and/or nearby properties is not necessarily indicative of mineralization hosted on the Company's properties; financing risk and the risk that the Company will not be able to raise sufficient funds to carry out its business plans; volatility in financial markets  economic conditions  and precious metals prices; and those other risks described in the Company's continuous disclosure documents. Actual results may differ materially from results contemplated by the forward-looking statements herein. Investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements herein except as required by applicable securities laws.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.13,0.15,True,English,"['CAD$3 Million Strategic Investment', 'TRU Precious Metals', 'Ormonde Mining', 'one Common Share purchase warrant', 'TSX Venture Exchange approval', 'current share price levels', 'LSE Alternative Investment Market', 'TRU Precious Metals Corp.', 'other share issuances', 'brokered private placement', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Golden Rose Project', 'existing balance sheet', 'proven track record', 'Iberian Pyrite Belt', 'software IT sectors', 'Chartered Certified Accountants', 'working capital purposes', 'outstanding Common Shares', 'extensive technical expertise', 'general capital markets', 'Euronext Growth market', 'zinc deposit property', 'binding subscription agreement', 'senior advisory roles', 'natural resource assets', 'mineral exploration sector', 'Ormonde Mining Plc', 'entire TRU team', 'successful transactional experience', 'natural resources company', 'shareholder approval', 'alternative energy', 'resource sector', 'seasoned team', 'advisory services', 'successful acquisition', 'senior positions', 'Technical Committee', 'transactional advice', 'general corporate', 'investment banking', 'corporate sector', 'owned subsidiary', 'Joel Freudman', 'significant stakeholder', 'first foray', 'North America', 'important partner', 'central Newfoundland', 'new opportunities', 'recent transaction', 'diluted basis', 'annual meeting', 'fiduciary obligations', 'Brian Timmons', 'Mr. Timmons', 'financial institutions', 'healthcare technology', 'Mr. Freudman', 'longstanding service', 'developmental days', 'inaugural Vice-President', 'Property Development', 'future endeavours', 'shareholder value', 'five nominees', 'gross proceeds', 'closing date', 'right path', 'wide range', 'best efforts', ""parties' commitment"", 'Barry Greene', 'TRU management', 'Ormonde nominees', 'TORONTO', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'July', 'respect', 'Offering', 'total', '60,000,000 units', 'period', '36 months', 'Completion', 'AIM', 'delisting', 'Founder', 'behalf', 'board', 'directors', 'Dublin', 'Ireland', 'base', 'sale', 'copper', 'Spain', 'Warrants', 'connection', 'greater', 'three', 'election', 'shareholders', 'demonstration', 'Chairman', '30 years', 'companies', 'bioscience', 'Fellow', 'Association', 'late', 'opportunity', 'governance', 'finder']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,juniorminingnetwork.com
27227,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/touax-disclosure-share-capital-voting-154500710.html,TOUAX : Disclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights,PM YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION Disclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights Disclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.,TOUAXREGULATED INFORMATION Paris  4 July 2023 5:45 PMYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting RightsDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Register name of the issuer: TOUAX SCA (Euronext Paris: TOUP)Date Total shares outstanding Total voting rights Total exercisable voting rights* June 30  2023 7 011 547 8 350 716 8 338 962* excluding rights attached to shares held in treasury****************TOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis throughout the world  for its own account and on behalf of third party investors. With €1.3 billion under management  TOUAX is one of the European leaders in the operational leasing of this type of equipment.TOUAX SCA is listed in Paris on EURONEXT – Euronext Paris Compartment C (Code ISIN FR0000033003) and on the CAC® Small and CAC® Mid & Small indexes and in EnterNext PEA-PME.For more information: www.touax.comContacts:TOUAX ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOManaging Partners ggasparetto@actifin.frtouax@touax.comwww.touax.com Tel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 (0)1 46 96 18 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Share Capital', 'Voting Rights', 'TOUAX', 'Disclosure', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'Total exercisable voting rights', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'third party investors', 'Raphaël WALEWSKI', 'Total voting rights', 'Date Total shares', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'French Commercial Code', 'TOUAX ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'Share Capital', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Register name', 'tangible assets', 'freight railcars', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'European leaders', 'Small indexes', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Ghislaine GASPARETTO', 'Managing Partners', 'TOUAX SCA', 'TOUAX Group', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CAC® Small', '4 July', 'Disclosure', 'issuer', 'TOUP', 'June', 'treasury', 'containers', 'world', 'account', 'behalf', 'management', 'type', 'equipment', 'Mid', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '45', '1 56']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,finance.yahoo.com
27228,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/en/boiron/pr/2023/07/04/press-release-on-suspension-of-listing,Press release on suspension of listing,BOIRON has asked Euronext to suspend the listing of its share (FR0000061129 - BOI) on the Euronext Paris market as of the publication of this press release  pending publication of a forthcoming press release.,04/07/2023 - 12:00Messimy  July 4  2023  12:00 pm CETBOIRON has asked Euronext to suspend the listing of its share (FR0000061129 - BOI) on the Euronext Paris market as of the publication of this press release  pending publication of a forthcoming press release.Person responsible for financial information: Valérie Lorentz-PoinsotContact for financial information: Fabrice ReyInvestor relations: +33 (0) 4.37.41.84.01 - e-mail : boironfinances@boiron.frISIN Code: FR0000061129 (BOI) - Bloomberg : BOI FP - Reuters : BOIR.PAThe group's financial information and the glossary are online at: www.boironfinance.com,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Press release', 'suspension', 'listing', 'Valérie Lorentz-Poinsot', 'Euronext Paris market', 'forthcoming press release', 'financial information', 'Fabrice Rey', 'Investor relations', 'ISIN Code', 'BOI FP', '12:00 Messimy', 'BOIRON', 'listing', 'share', 'publication', 'Person', 'Contact', 'mail', 'fr', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'group', 'glossary']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,actusnews.com
27229,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-1032424739,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,"The Company announces that on 3 July 2023 it purchased a total of 195 401 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd ","Cairn Homes Plc (CRN)Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares04-Jul-2023 / 07:00 GMT/BST4 July 2023 Cairn Homes plc (the Company) Transaction in own shares The Company announces that on 3 July 2023 it purchased a total of 195 401 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 95 401 100 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) 1.1660 £1.0040 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) 1.1580 £0.9950 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) 1.160628 £0.999538 The purchases form part of the Companys share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023. Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 671 725 844 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury. In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Numis Securities Ltd on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below. Contacts: Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600 Tara Grimley  Company Secretary Appendix Transaction Details Issuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBPEuronext Dublin Number of shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 7281 1.160 XDUB 08:24:36 00066082155TRLO0 6766 1.158 XDUB 08:28:06 00066082206TRLO0 1807 1.158 XDUB 08:28:06 00066082207TRLO0 943 1.158 XDUB 10:42:30 00066085048TRLO0 977 1.158 XDUB 10:42:30 00066085049TRLO0 1027 1.158 XDUB 10:42:30 00066085050TRLO0 962 1.158 XDUB 10:42:30 00066085051TRLO0 1028 1.158 XDUB 10:42:30 00066085052TRLO0 2000 1.162 XDUB 11:33:05 00066085821TRLO0 1850 1.162 XDUB 11:33:05 00066085822TRLO0 972 1.164 XDUB 12:11:13 00066086431TRLO0 8634 1.158 XDUB 12:13:57 00066086474TRLO0 10083 1.166 XDUB 12:57:13 00066087051TRLO0 514 1.166 XDUB 12:57:13 00066087052TRLO0 3518 1.166 XDUB 13:00:20 00066087141TRLO0 1511 1.166 XDUB 13:00:20 00066087142TRLO0 2500 1.166 XDUB 13:09:20 00066087298TRLO0 2105 1.166 XDUB 13:09:20 00066087299TRLO0 972 1.166 XDUB 13:09:20 00066087300TRLO0 1696 1.166 XDUB 13:09:20 00066087301TRLO0 7868 1.160 XDUB 14:48:57 00066089963TRLO0 7988 1.160 XDUB 14:48:57 00066089968TRLO0 7714 1.158 XDUB 15:18:56 00066090774TRLO0 10083 1.158 XDUB 15:18:56 00066090775TRLO0 2473 1.158 XDUB 15:38:03 00066091203TRLO0 2129 1.158 XDUB 15:38:03 00066091204TRLO0 London Stock Exchange Number of shares Price per Share (GBP) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 4989 99.50 XLON 08:28:06 00066082205TRLO0 4979 99.70 XLON 11:33:05 00066085820TRLO0 4495 100.00 XLON 11:48:47 00066086085TRLO0 4643 100.00 XLON 11:48:48 00066086086TRLO0 3499 100.00 XLON 11:49:11 00066086099TRLO0 4540 99.90 XLON 12:13:57 00066086473TRLO0 366 100.40 XLON 13:00:17 00066087136TRLO0 100 100.40 XLON 13:00:17 00066087137TRLO0 1570 100.40 XLON 13:00:17 00066087138TRLO0 6704 100.40 XLON 13:00:17 00066087139TRLO0 81 100.40 XLON 13:00:17 00066087140TRLO0 4286 100.20 XLON 13:55:17 00066088310TRLO0 735 100.20 XLON 13:55:17 00066088311TRLO0 3000 100.20 XLON 14:15:18 00066088722TRLO0 1728 100.20 XLON 14:15:18 00066088723TRLO0 4435 100.20 XLON 14:37:09 00066089250TRLO0 4876 100.20 XLON 14:37:09 00066089251TRLO0 4121 99.80 XLON 14:48:58 00066089970TRLO0 5021 99.80 XLON 15:18:56 00066090770TRLO0 2569 99.80 XLON 15:18:56 00066090771TRLO0 1825 99.80 XLON 15:18:56 00066090772TRLO0 5149 99.80 XLON 15:18:56 00066090773TRLO0 6704 99.70 XLON 15:19:10 00066090780TRLO0 2067 99.70 XLON 15:46:33 00066091486TRLO0 2676 99.70 XLON 15:46:33 00066091487TRLO0 6625 99.70 XLON 15:50:34 00066091614TRLO0 8217 100.20 XLON 16:26:32 00066092793TRLO0Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code', 'Company Secretary Appendix Transaction Details Issuer Name', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Transaction Transaction reference number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Companys share buyback programme', 'Numis Securities Ltd', 'Euronext Dublin Number', 'Trading Venue Time', 'Cairn Homes Plc', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Timezone GMT Currency', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', '100,000 Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'shares Price', 'The Company', '671,725,844 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'EQS Group', 'Own Shares', 'Regulatory Announcement', '07:00 GMT', 'CRN', '04-Jul', 'BST', '3 July', 'broker', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'LEI', 'GBP', 'XDUB', 'XLON', 'Dissemination', 'content']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,markets.businessinsider.com
27230,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/cairn-homes-plc-h1-2023-trading-update-1032424740,Cairn Homes Plc: H1 2023 Trading Update,H1 2023 Highlights H1 2023 Macro Backdrop Reaffirming and Updating FY23 Guidance The Company remains on course to deliver another year of growth across all key financial and operational metrics. Unit closings ,Cairn Homes Plc (CRN)Cairn Homes Plc: H1 2023 Trading Update04-Jul-2023 / 07:00 GMT/BSTTrading Update for the Six Months Ended 30 June 2023 Another Year of Significant Growth and Increased Housing Output Dublin / London  4 July 2023: Cairn Homes plc (Cairn  the Company or the Group) (Euronext Dublin: C5H / LSE: CRN) today issues a Trading Update for the six months ended 30 June 2023 in advance of interim results to be announced on 7 September 2023. H1 2023 Highlights Closed 535 new home sales across all tenures  including private and State buyers  and generated total core revenue of c. 215 million.Demand for our nZEB (nearly zero-emission building) compliant  A2-rated new homes remains exceptionally strong across starter and trade-up/down houses  duplexes and scaled apartment developments. The Company has agreed over 1 100 new home sales in the period.Current closed and forward sales pipeline has grown by in excess of 300 new homes since our last update on 11 May 2023 to 2 230 new homes with a net sales value of over 800 million  strong evidence of this demand dynamic.Sales pricing levels were relatively flat in the period despite persistent  if moderating  build cost Inflation which is expected to be c. 10 000 per unit in FY23.All four annual sustainability performance targets  aligned to our decarbonisation  biodiversity and people strategies  met as part of our 277.5 million sustainability linked term loan and revolving credit facility.The Board intends to announce a c. 3.1 cent interim dividend per ordinary share at interim results on 7 September 2023.40 million share buyback programme continuing with 21.2 million ordinary shares repurchased at an average purchase price of 1.06 per share since 3 March 2023. H1 2023 Macro Backdrop The Irish Government is forecasting a general budget surplus of 10 billion this year and a cumulative 2023 2026 surplus of over 65 billion (source: Stability Programme Update  April 2023).Government housing policy remains very supportive through the fully funded Housing for All strategy. Capital funding of 4 billion in 2023 is supplemented by an additional 1 billion  announced in April 2023  in respect of development levy and water connection charge rebates and a new cost rental subvention scheme to deliver more affordable rental homes.Ambitious annual Social & Affordable new home delivery targets (14 600 in 2023) are complemented by impactful initiatives for first time buyers through the Help to Buy and the First Home Scheme (shared equity) initiatives. The industry is responding with new home completions increasing by 19% year-on-year in Q1 2023  resulting in a twelve-month total of over 30 000 completions for the first time in over a decade (source: CSO).The Irish mortgage market remains buoyant  with Q1 2023 first time buyer mortgage drawdown volumes up 7% and values up 13% year-on-year. First time buyer mortgage approvals were up over 8% in volume in the five months to May 2023 (source: BPFI). Reaffirming and Updating FY23 Guidance The Company remains on course to deliver another year of growth across all key financial and operational metrics.Unit closings  profit and cash generation are  as in prior years  heavily weighted towards the second half of the year and current full year guidance is reaffirmed and updated: turnover in excess of 650 million from 1 750 1 800 closed new home sales  with H2 sales closings including our new developments at Parkleigh  Clonburris and Sorrel Wood  Blessington. Within this  Cairn remains on target to deliver over 800 Social & Affordable new homes nationwide;core housebuilding gross margin of c. 21%; andoperating profit growth to 105 - 110 million. All of our forecasted closed new home sales in 2023 and nearly 90% of our expected closings in 2024 have full planning permission. This will underpin our continued growth as we make progress towards our 15% Return on Equity target. Commenting on the H1 2023 trading update  Michael Stanley  Chief Executive Officer  said: Cairn is pleased to be on course to significantly increase our housing delivery by up to 20% targeting between 1 750 and 1 800 new home sales this year. We are proud to be delivering this volume of high quality  energy efficient A-rated new homes to our customers.The Company will release our 2023 interim results on 7 September 2023. For further information  contact: Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600 Michael Stanley  Chief Executive Officer Shane Doherty  Chief Financial Officer Declan Murray  Head of Finance and Treasury Drury Communications +353 1 260 5000 Billy Murphy Claire Rowley Paul Clifford Notes to Editors Cairn Homes plc (Cairn) is an Irish homebuilder committed to building high-quality  competitively priced  sustainable new homes and communities in great locations. At Cairn  the homeowner is at the very centre of the design process. We strive to provide unparalleled customer service throughout each stage of the home-buying journey. A new Cairn home is expertly designed  with a focus on creating shared spaces and environments where communities thrive. Cairn owns a c. 16 300 unit landbank across 34 residential development sites  over 90% of which are located in the Greater Dublin Area (GDA) with excellent public transport and infrastructure links.Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.2,0.19,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', '2023 Trading Update', 'Billy Murphy Claire Rowley Paul Clifford Notes', 'high quality, energy efficient A-rated new homes', 'Q1 2023 first time buyer mortgage drawdown volumes', 'high-quality, competitively priced, sustainable new homes', 'First time buyer mortgage approvals', 'four annual sustainability performance targets', '277.5 million sustainability linked term loan', 'Chief Executive Officer Shane Doherty', 'Chief Financial Officer Declan Murray', 'new cost rental subvention scheme', 'Affordable new home delivery targets', 'water connection charge rebates', 'core housebuilding gross margin', 'The Irish mortgage market', '800 Social & Affordable new homes', 'c. 3.1 cent interim dividend', '40 million share buyback programme', '1,800 closed new home sales', 'Editors Cairn Homes plc', 'affordable rental homes', 'current full year guidance', 'First Home Scheme', 'first time buyers', 'Ambitious annual Social', 'A2-rated new homes', '535 new home sales', '1,100 new home sales', '1,800 new home sales', '21.2 million ordinary shares', 'full planning permission', 'new Cairn home', 'forward sales pipeline', 'net sales value', 'Sales pricing levels', 'total core revenue', 'revolving credit facility', 'average purchase price', 'Treasury Drury Communications', 'unparalleled customer service', 'new home completions', 'Stability Programme Update', 'The Irish Government', 'scaled apartment developments', 'Updating FY23 Guidance', 'H1 2023 Macro Backdrop', 'Government housing policy', 'H2 sales closings', 'general budget surplus', 'Housing Output Dublin', '300 new homes', '2,230 new homes', 'operating profit growth', 'H1 2023 trading update', 'new developments', 'Current closed', 'housing delivery', 'cost Inflation', 'key financial', 'Irish homebuilder', 'Euronext Dublin', 'interim results', 'State buyers', 'twelve-month total', 'last update', 'The Company', 'Six Months', 'Significant Growth', 'zero-emission building', 'trade-up/down houses', 'strong evidence', 'people strategies', 'Capital funding', 'development levy', 'a decade', 'five months', 'operational metrics', 'cash generation', 'prior years', 'second half', 'Sorrel Wood', 'continued growth', 'Michael Stanley', 'great locations', 'design process', 'home-buying journey', 'shared spaces', 'impactful initiatives', 'Unit closings', 'Equity target', '30,000 completions', 'CRN', '04-Jul', '07:00 GMT', 'Increased', 'London', 'Group', 'C5H', 'LSE', 'advance', '7 September', 'Highlights', 'tenures', 'private', 'nZEB', 'compliant', 'starter', 'duplexes', 'period', 'excess', '11 May', 'demand', 'dynamic', 'decarbonisation', 'biodiversity', 'Board', '3 March', 'cumulative', 'April', 'strategy', 'respect', 'Help', 'industry', 'source', 'CSO', 'BPFI', 'course', 'turnover', 'Parkleigh', 'Clonburris', 'Blessington', 'progress', '15% Return', 'customers', 'information', 'Head', 'Finance', 'communities', 'homeowner', 'centre', 'stage', 'focus', 'environments', '19', '750']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,markets.businessinsider.com
27231,EuroNext,Bing API,https://electricenergyonline.com/article/energy/category/solar/142/1031072/voltalia-sa-first-megawatt-hours-for-the-ssm3-6-solar-power-plant-in-brazil.html,Voltalia SA: First megawatt-hours for the SSM3-6 solar power plant in Brazil,Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  today (July 3) announced the start of production for SSM3-6  a 260-megawatt solar power plant located i.,"Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  today (July 3) announced the start of production for SSM3-6  a 260-megawatt solar power plant located in the Serra Branca cluster.The construction of the SSM3-6 solar farm (Solar Serra do Mel 3  4  5  and 6) was initiated in March 20221. Out of a total capacity of 260 megawatts  17 megawatts have started producing last Friday  while the remaining capacity will be gradually commissioned in the coming months.This power plant is backed by a 14-year power purchase agreement with Copel  a Brazilian utility and longstanding partner of Voltalia.SSM3-6 is part of the Serra Branca complex  the largest wind and solar complex in the world  fully developed by Voltalia and located in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte. The complex generates one of the most competitive energy sources in the country  benefiting from exceptional levels of wind and sunlight  which are complementary energy sources.The projects within this massive cluster benefit from shared infrastructure (grid connection and access) and operational synergies. For example  the construction of SSM3-6 and SSM1-2  a 320-megawatt solar power plant commissioned in 2022.Voltalia is the sole or controlling shareholder of a significant portion of the power plants located within the complex  while others have been transferred to partners. Voltalia provides all or part of the services associated with the development  construction  and maintenance of the transferred or retained power plants.""We are very pleased to announce the commencement of the commissioning of SSM3-6. This is the result of several years of development and construction work that is bearing its first fruits. I would like to thank the teams that have contributed to this significant milestone""  said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Next appointment : Q2 2023 turnover  on July 26th (after market hours).",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['SSM3-6 solar power plant', 'Voltalia SA', 'First megawatt-hours', 'Brazil', 'Rio Grande do Norte', '14-year power purchase agreement', 'Solar Serra do Mel', '260-megawatt solar power plant', '320-megawatt solar power plant', 'Serra Branca cluster', 'massive cluster benefit', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'competitive energy sources', 'complementary energy sources', 'SSM3-6 solar farm', 'Serra Branca complex', 'solar complex', 'power plants', 'renewable energy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'total capacity', 'remaining capacity', 'coming months', 'Brazilian utility', 'longstanding partner', 'Brazilian state', 'exceptional levels', 'shared infrastructure', 'grid connection', 'operational synergies', 'controlling shareholder', 'significant portion', 'several years', 'first fruits', 'significant milestone', 'Next appointment', 'Q2 2023 turnover', 'market hours', 'largest wind', 'construction work', 'Voltalia', 'July', 'start', 'production', 'March', '260 megawatts', '17 megawatts', 'Copel', 'world', 'country', 'sunlight', 'projects', 'access', 'example', 'sole', 'others', 'partners', 'services', 'development', 'maintenance', 'commencement', 'commissioning', 'result', 'teams', 'CEO']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,electricenergyonline.com
27232,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We’re happy to announce our partnership with Euronext on the Euronext AI World Index  offering unique investment so… https://t.co/fZdAMs2BWu,nan,We’re happy to announce our partnership with Euronext on the Euronext AI World Index  offering unique investment so… https://t.co/fZdAMs2BWu,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext AI World Index', 'unique investment', 'partnership', 'Euronext AI World Index', 'unique investment', 'partnership']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,Unknown
27233,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Benoît van Den Hove steps up as new CEO of Euronext Brussels - Sophie Stegen joins Euronext as new Head of Listing… https://t.co/WpTX0xGuVb,nan,Benoît van Den Hove steps up as new CEO of Euronext Brussels - Sophie Stegen joins Euronext as new Head of Listing… https://t.co/WpTX0xGuVb,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Benoît van Den Hove', 'new CEO', 'Sophie Stegen', 'new Head', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'Listing', 'WpTX0xGuVb', 'Benoît van Den Hove', 'new CEO', 'Sophie Stegen', 'new Head', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'Listing', 'WpTX0xGuVb']",2023-07-04,2023-07-04,Unknown
