UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
20168,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition will feature at London's Photographers' Gallery  exhibit… https://t.co/6dF4IsGTOK,nan,The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition will feature at London's Photographers' Gallery  exhibit… https://t.co/6dF4IsGTOK,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', ""Photographers' Gallery"", 'London', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', ""Photographers' Gallery"", 'London']",2023-03-10,2023-03-15,Unknown
20266,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/FNoxi55gsb,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/FNoxi55gsb,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'FNoxi55gsb', 'ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'FNoxi55gsb']",2023-03-11,2023-03-15,Unknown
20315,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Bank’s 26 Billion Euros BlunderThe bank accidently sent 26 Billion Euros to an account in Deutsche Boerse… https://t.co/zp91z0vYc0,nan,Deutsche Bank’s 26 Billion Euros BlunderThe bank accidently sent 26 Billion Euros to an account in Deutsche Boerse… https://t.co/zp91z0vYc0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['26 Billion Euros Blunder', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Bank', 'account', '26 Billion Euros Blunder', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Bank', 'account']",2023-03-12,2023-03-15,Unknown
20316,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Reading the #report from Crypto Finance Group and Deutsche Börse found this image which I think is so important to… https://t.co/VhC0whEHNa,nan,Reading the #report from Crypto Finance Group and Deutsche Börse found this image which I think is so important to… https://t.co/VhC0whEHNa,neutral,0.37,0.61,0.03,neutral,0.37,0.61,0.03,True,English,"['Crypto Finance Group', 'Deutsche Börse', 'image', 'Crypto Finance Group', 'Deutsche Börse', 'image']",2023-03-12,2023-03-15,Unknown
20317,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/DiTQ0S6ktk,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/DiTQ0S6ktk,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'DiTQ0S6ktk', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'DiTQ0S6ktk']",2023-03-12,2023-03-15,Unknown
20327,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/tZ61AtW0zz,nan,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/tZ61AtW0zz,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103', 'Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103']",2023-03-13,2023-03-15,Unknown
20328,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Regulators shut Signature Bank  pick industry veteran to run bridge bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ed3AXWNbjE #regtech,nan,Regulators shut Signature Bank  pick industry veteran to run bridge bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ed3AXWNbjE #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Signature Bank', 'industry veteran', 'bridge bank', 'Regulators', 'regtech', 'Signature Bank', 'industry veteran', 'bridge bank', 'Regulators', 'regtech']",2023-03-13,2023-03-15,Unknown
20329,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,First Republic touts position after boosting Fed  JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/E1yQo4cO4r,nan,First Republic touts position after boosting Fed  JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/E1yQo4cO4r,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits', 'First Republic', 'position', 'Fed', 'Fintech', 'JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits', 'First Republic', 'position', 'Fed', 'Fintech']",2023-03-13,2023-03-15,Unknown
20330,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banks must shift their focus from being product-centric to customer-centric #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1S98oZVJ7N #regtech,nan,Banks must shift their focus from being product-centric to customer-centric #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1S98oZVJ7N #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Banks', 'focus', 'customer', 'centric', 'S98oZVJ7N', 'Banks', 'focus', 'customer', 'centric', 'S98oZVJ7N']",2023-03-13,2023-03-15,Unknown
20331,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,In abrupt reversal  regulators to cover SVB  SBNY uninsured deposits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/dwlDSi3FYK #regtech,nan,In abrupt reversal  regulators to cover SVB  SBNY uninsured deposits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/dwlDSi3FYK #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.31,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.31,True,English,"['SBNY uninsured deposits', 'abrupt reversal', 'regulators', 'SVB', 'Fintech', 'SBNY uninsured deposits', 'abrupt reversal', 'regulators', 'SVB', 'Fintech']",2023-03-13,2023-03-15,Unknown
20332,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banking Tech Awards 2022 Winner: Car IQ – enabling secure  seamless vehicle payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintec… https://t.co/DutFIEZMiX,nan,Banking Tech Awards 2022 Winner: Car IQ – enabling secure  seamless vehicle payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintec… https://t.co/DutFIEZMiX,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['secure, seamless vehicle payments', 'Banking Tech Awards', 'Car IQ', 'Winner', 'DutFIEZMiX', 'secure, seamless vehicle payments', 'Banking Tech Awards', 'Car IQ', 'Winner', 'DutFIEZMiX']",2023-03-13,2023-03-15,Unknown
20376,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Alla92490007 Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit… https://t.co/pjrSw6s2w7,nan,@Alla92490007 Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit… https://t.co/pjrSw6s2w7,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,Unknown
20377,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The difference between ESG and sustainability communications is more than just a report #AAA Websites Euroclear Fin… https://t.co/ncM26cr3I9,nan,The difference between ESG and sustainability communications is more than just a report #AAA Websites Euroclear Fin… https://t.co/ncM26cr3I9,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['sustainability communications', 'difference', 'ESG', 'report', 'ncM26cr3I9', 'sustainability communications', 'difference', 'ESG', 'report', 'ncM26cr3I9']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,Unknown
20378,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Four days into banking crisis  questions outnumber answers #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/q8fb39kW5r #regtech,nan,Four days into banking crisis  questions outnumber answers #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/q8fb39kW5r #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.66,0.33,neutral,0.0,0.66,0.33,True,English,"['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Four days', 'banking crisis', 'questions', 'answers', 'Fintech', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Four days', 'banking crisis', 'questions', 'answers', 'Fintech']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,Unknown
20379,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Will the Fed's new liquidity facility restore confidence? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oVVb4OqhXg #regtech,nan,Will the Fed's new liquidity facility restore confidence? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oVVb4OqhXg #regtech,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['new liquidity facility', 'Fed', 'confidence', 'new liquidity facility', 'Fed', 'confidence']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,Unknown
20383,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/cfqF153fQx,nan,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/cfqF153fQx,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,Unknown
20384,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Selected for the Deutsche Börse Photography Award. See How They Work Unpacking the Themes of… https://t.co/IxWbb79qOv,nan,Four Artists Have Been Selected for the Deutsche Börse Photography Award. See How They Work Unpacking the Themes of… https://t.co/IxWbb79qOv,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Award', 'Four Artists', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Award', 'Four Artists', 'Themes']",2023-03-13,2023-03-15,Unknown
20385,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/bzlo7IRYco,nan,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/bzlo7IRYco,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes']",2023-03-13,2023-03-15,Unknown
20463,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/annual-general-meeting-concentric-074000077.html,ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN CONCENTRIC,The Concentric AB board of directors has resolved to convene an annual general meeting of shareholders to be held Tuesday  April 18  2023. Further details on...,"REDDITCH  England  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Concentric AB board of directors has resolved to convene an annual general meeting of shareholders to be held Tuesday  April 18  2023. Further details on the proposals can be found in the notice convening the meeting  below.The notice is expected to be published in the Swedish Official Gazette (Post- och Inrikes Tidningar) and on the company's website within the next few days.Annual general meeting in concentric ABThe annual general meeting of Concentric AB will be held at 13.00 CET on Tuesday  April 18  2023 at Klara strand  S:ta Clara  Klarabergsviadukten 90  in Stockholm. Registration begins at 12.30 CET.The board has resolved  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act and the company's articles of association  that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by postal voting prior to the general meeting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.Right to attend and notification to the companyShareholders wishing to attend the general meeting must:i. be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  as of Thursday  April 6  2023; andii. notify the company of their intention to participate in the general meeting no later than on Wednesday  April 12  2023.Notice may be submitted in writing to the company at the address Concentric AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone to +46 8 402 91 33 business days between 9.00 CET and 16.00 CET  on the company's website  www.concentricab.com or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. On giving notice of attendance  the shareholder should state the shareholder's name (company name)  personal identity number (corporate identity number)  address  telephone number and number of shares. The registration procedure described above also applies to registration for any advisors. A shareholder that exercises its voting rights through a postal voting form does not have to send in a separate notice of participation  see below under postal voting.Story continuesNominee registered sharesIn order to participate in the general meeting  those whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must request their bank or broker to have their shares owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB as of Wednesday  April 12  2023 and the bank or broker should therefore be notified in due time before said date. This registration may be made temporarily.Postal votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by postal voting. A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website www.concentricab.com. The voting form can also be obtained from the company or by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB at the contact information above. For the items on the agenda where the board or the nomination committee have submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the postal voting form. A shareholder can also abstain from voting on any item.The completed voting form must be received by the company no later than on Wednesday  April 12  2023. The postal voting form is valid as a notification to the general meeting. Shareholders can  through verification with BankID  cast their postal vote electronically via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Wednesday  April 12  2023.The completed form  including any appendices  must be sent by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or alternatively by post in original to Concentric AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or an equivalent authority document  shall be enclosed to the form. The same applies if the shareholder votes in advance by proxy.The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions and conditions are included in the postal voting form.Proxy and proxy formAnyone who does not attend the general meeting in person may exercise their right at the general meeting via a proxy in possession of a signed and dated form of proxy. The same applies if a shareholder exercises its voting rights by postal voting. Forms of proxy are available on the company's website www.concentricab.com. The form of proxy may also be obtained from the company or by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB at contact information above. If the proxy is issued by a legal person  a copy of their registration certificate or equivalent authority document must be attached. The proxy must have been issued within the past year unless a longer period of validity is specified on the form of proxy  subject to a maximum of five years. To facilitate entry to the general meeting  forms of proxy  registration certificates and other documentary authority must be received by the company well in advance before the general meeting.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the general meeting2. Election of chair of the general meeting3. Drawing up and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes6. Determination of whether the general meeting was duly convened7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated auditor's report8. Resolutions on:a. adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriation of the company's result according to the adopted balance sheet and on record date for dividend; andc. discharge of personal liability for the board members and the CEO for the financial year 20229. Resolution on the number of board members10. Resolution on fees to the board members and the auditor11. Election of the board members and chair of the board12. Election of auditor13. Resolution on approval of guidelines for salaries and other remuneration14. Resolution on approval of remuneration report15. Resolution on performance based incentive programme (LTI 2023)16. Resolution on a directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants17. Resolution on:a. authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares;b. authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares; andc. transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 202318. Closing of the general meetingProposed resolutionsElection of chair of the general meeting (item 2)The nomination committee proposes that Anders Nielsen  or if he is prevented from attending  the person the nomination committee proposes in his place  be elected chair of the general meeting.Resolution on appropriation of the company's result according to the adopted balance sheet and on record date for dividend (item 8.b)The general meeting has at its disposal profits carried forward of SEK 2 109 842 000  which is increased with the net profit for the year of SEK 84 193 000. Thus  the general meeting has in total a non-restricted equity of SEK 2 194 035 000 at its disposal.The board proposes a dividend for the financial year 2022 of SEK 4.00 per share  totaling SEK 151 918 000 (shares held by the company and shares held by the Employee Share Ownership Trust are excluded from dividend) and that the balance of SEK 2 042 117 000 is carried forward.As record date for the dividend the board proposes Thursday  April 20  2023. Subject to the resolution by the general meeting in accordance with this proposal  the cash dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday  April 25  2023.Resolution on the number of board members (item 9)The nomination committee proposes that the board shall be composed of seven board members elected at the general meeting  with no alternates  for the period until the next annual general meeting.Resolution on fees to the board members and the auditor (item 10)The nomination committee proposes that fees to the board members for the period up to and including the annual general meeting 2024 are paid in accordance with the resolution of the 2022 annual general meeting  i.e. that the fees to the board members are proposed to remain unchanged. Thus  a fixed fee of a total of SEK 3 650 000 is proposed  of which the chair of the board will receive SEK 900 000 and other board members will receive SEK 375 000. In addition  the chair of the compensation committee will receive SEK 125 000 and member of the compensation committee will receive SEK 50 000. Further  the nomination committee proposes that the chair of the audit committee will receive SEK 175 000 and member of said committee will receive SEK 75 000.The nomination committee proposes that fees to the auditor for services performed are to be paid against  by the company  approved account.Election of the board members and chair of the board (item 11)The nomination committee proposes re-election of the board members Karin Gunnarsson  Anders Nielsen  Susanna Schneeberger  Martin Sköld  Claes Magnus Åkesson  Petra Sundström and Joachim Rosenberg until the next annual general meeting. It is proposed that Anders Nielsen be re-elected chair of the board until the next annual general meeting.Information about the proposed board members can be found on the company's website www.concentricab.com.Election of auditor (item 12)The nomination committee proposes that the company shall have one auditor with no alternate. The nomination committee proposes  according to the audit committee's recommendation  re-election of the registered accounting firm KPMG AB as the company's auditor until the end of the annual general meeting 2024. KPMG AB has notified the company that Joakim Thilstedt  authorised public accountant  will continue to be the auditor-in-charge of the company.Resolution on approval of guidelines for salaries and other remuneration (item 13)The board proposes that the general meeting adopts the following guidelines for the establishment of salaries and other compensation to directors  the chief executive officer (""CEO"") and other senior executives. The group of senior executives encompassed by these guidelines comprises the CEO and other members of the group executive management who report directly to the CEO and have strategic accountability for business unit operations and governance matters directed by the board. These guidelines will be valid for agreements entered into after the general meeting's resolution and for changes made to existing agreements thereafter. These guidelines do not apply to any director fees decided or approved by the general meeting or such issues and transfers as are covered by Chapter 16 in the Swedish Companies Act.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityIn short  the company's business strategy is the following:Concentric is one of the world's leading pump manufacturers. The company seeks to deliver sustainable growth for every application in the markets it serves. The company aims to improve fuel economy  reduce emissions and improve engine control through our technical solutions and precision engineering.The company creates value for its customers through:Developing world class technology with innovative solutions that meet the demands of our customers and end markets;Selling locally to the company's global customers by capitalising on our global infrastructure and teams; andEmbedding business excellence in all that the company does.The company's people is the most valuable asset and the Company aims to leverage and nurture the unique skills of the teams across the globe through a strong and inclusive corporate culture.The company aims to deliver strong and sustainable shareholder returns and target growth both organically and through acquisitions which deliver complementary technologies.For more information regarding the company's business strategy  please see www.concentricinvestors.com.It is of fundamental importance to the company and its shareholders that these guidelines  in both a short and long term perspective  enable the company to attract and retain senior executives and other employees with excellent competence. The purpose of these guidelines is to increase transparency in remuneration issues and through relevant remuneration structures create incentives for senior executives  to execute strategic plans and deliver effective operational results to support the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability. To obtain this it is important to sustain fair and internally balanced terms that are at the same time competitive on the market with respect to structure  scope and compensation levels. These guidelines enable the company  regardless of geographical market  to offer the senior executives a competitive total compensation.Remuneration and remuneration formsThe terms of employment for senior executives should consist of a balanced combination of fixed remuneration  annual bonus  pension and other benefits and terms for dismissal/severance payment. Furthermore  the board may prepare and the general meeting resolve on  share and share-price related incentive programmes. Such a combination of compensation fosters and supports well-functioning management and achievement of objectives in both a short and long-term perspective.The remuneration should be based on performance and be competitive.The various types of remuneration that may be paid out are described below. As a share of the total compensation the following guidance shall apply:Fixed remuneration 50%Annual bonus 25%LTI 25%The total compensation of the senior executives is evaluated against relevant (geographical and industry) market data to maintain fair and balanced terms which are at the same time competitive within the market.Fixed remunerationThe fixed remuneration shall be individually determined and shall be based on each individual's responsibility and role as well as the individual's competence and experience in the relevant position.Annual bonusSenior executives have an annual bonus that is payable after each year end. The annual bonus is structured as a variable part of the total compensation. Bonus objectives shall primarily be based on the outcomes of financial objectives for the entire company as well as clearly defined individual objectives with respect to specific assignments. The latter is to ensure that the senior executive also focuses on non-financial objectives of specific interest. The financial and non-financial objectives shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy  long-term interests  including its sustainability.The financial objectives for the company shall be established by the board annually in order to ensure that they are in line with the company's business strategy and profit targets. On behalf of the board  the compensation committee establishes the financial objectives for individual units proposed by the CEO. The compensation committee shall make its annual evaluation based on the latest financial information made public by the company.The individual objectives for senior executives are set up to a maximum of 4 which account for between 15 and 30 per cent of the total annual bonus award. Individual objectives will focus on strategic targets related to people  revenue growth in all economies and accelerating technology.The individual objectives for the CEO are directly aligned to strategic growth and development of the business and are agreed by the compensation committee. In turn  the individual objectives for the senior executives have the same focus and alignment to ensure flow-down through each business and function. The individual objectives are proposed by the senior executives in agreement with the CEO  with final approval from the compensation committee. At the end of the bonus period  each senior executive will provide an evidence-based assessment of their performance against individual objectives for agreement and approval by the CEO. The CEO's assessment of performance will be agreed and approved by the compensation committee.The part of the total compensation consisting of the annual bonus varies depending on position and may be up to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed remuneration at full objectives achievement. The bonus objectives are constructed so that no bonus will be paid if a certain minimum performance level is not achieved. All bonus schemes within the organisation are discretionary and payable only after approval by the compensation committee unless payment is guaranteed by an existing legal agreement or contract.The board of directors  under exceptional circumstances  may limit or cancel payments of variable remuneration provided that such actions are deemed reasonable (malus). The board of directors shall also have the possibility  under local law or contractual provisions and subject to the restrictions thereof  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (clawback).Remuneration payable to directorsIn certain cases directors elected by the general meeting should be able to receive fees and other remuneration for work carried out on the company's behalf  alongside their board work. Fees at market rates  to be approved by the Board  may be payable for such services.PensionWhen entering into new pension agreements with senior executives who are entitled to pension  the pension shall be based on defined contribution plans. Senior executives retire in accordance with local regulations on pension.As a main principle  pension contributions are based solely on fixed remuneration and the pension scheme(s) in operation will be appropriate to comply with governing local legislation. Senior executives in the UK are invited to participate in a defined contribution plan which sets 12 per cent employer contribution rate. Senior executives in the USA participate in a 401(k) pension scheme. The company ensures adherence to the scheme rules of each plan.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Other benefitsOther benefits  such as company car  compensation for healthcare and health and medical insurance shall form a minor part of the total compensation and shall correspond to what may be deemed market practice on each relevant market.For employments governed by other law than Swedish  other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Special remunerationFurther variable remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are limited in time and do not exceed 36 months  and may only be made on an individual basis  either for the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives  or to induce individuals to move to new places of service or accept new positions or as remuneration for extraordinary performance beyond the individual's ordinary tasks. Further  the total compensation must not exceed an amount equivalent to two times the remuneration the individual would have received in the absence of an agreement on special remunerations. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board based on a proposal from the compensation committee.Long-Term Incentive ProgrammeIn order to foster a long-term perspective in the decision-making and to ensure long-term achievement of objectives  the board may propose the general meeting to resolve on long-term incentive programmes.The board uses long-term incentives in order to ensure that senior executives within the company have a long-term interest in a stable value increase of the Concentric share  which support the company's business strategy  including its sustainability. By implementing an incentive programme that is connected to the company's profits and at the same time its increase in value  the long-term growth of the company is rewarded and fostered. Further  long-term incentive programmes also aim to make the company a more attractive employer  which contributes to the company's ability to retain key employees within the group as well as to recruit new key employees.As all such long-term incentive programmes are proposed by the board and voted at a general meeting in the company  these remuneration guidelines do not apply to such long-term incentive programmes.For more information about the company's long-term incentive programmes  including the criteria that outcomes are based on  refer to www.concentricinvestors.com. Target fulfilment is reported in the company's annual reports and is also available at the company's website.The board nominates participants for long-term incentive programmes and the board will evaluate whether or not long-term incentive programmes will be proposed at future general meetings.Terms for dismissal etc.Terms for dismissal and severance pay shall correspond to what may be deemed market practice on each relevant market. The CEO has a notice period of 12 months. Other senior executives have a notice period up to 6 months. In addition hereto  agreement may be made with senior executives on severance pay upon termination of employment by the company  corresponding to a maximum of 12 months' fixed remuneration.Remuneration and employment conditions for other employeesIn the preparation of the boards' proposal for these guidelines  remuneration and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the compensation committee's and the board's basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The development of the gap between the remuneration to senior executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed annually in the company's remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe board and its compensation committee resolve on the structures of remuneration systems  as well as levels and forms of remuneration to senior executives. The board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The compensation committee shall monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company.The members of the compensation committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the board's processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters. Conflicts of interest are counteracted in all decisions and any potential conflicts of interest are handled in accordance with the company's framework for governance  consisting out of a code of conduct  policies and guidelines.Derogation from the guidelinesThe board may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the compensation committee's tasks include preparing the board's resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of material changes to the guidelines and how the views of shareholders' have been taken into considerationThe content of the guidelines has been reviewed and adapted to the legal requirements imposed by Directive (EU) 2017/828 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2007/36/ EC as regards encouragement of the long-term shareholder engagement.Remunerations previously decided but not yet dueAt the time of the annual general meeting on 18 April 2023  Concentric has no unsettled obligations of remuneration  except ongoing obligations to senior executives in accordance with the principles of remuneration described in the annual report.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 14)The board proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on performance based incentive programme (LTI 2023) (item 15)GeneralThe board believes that an incentive programme that is connected to the company's profits  and at the same time its increase in value  will award and foster the long-term growth of the company. Further  an incentive programme will contribute to the ability of the company to retain and recruit key employees within the group.Considering the above  the board proposes a long-term performance based incentive programme (""LTI 2023"") under which senior executives and key employees will be entitled to receive performance shares that entitle the participants to receive shares in the company under the terms and conditions set out below. The board's intention is that the incentive programme will run over a long-term period  thus the board intends to propose the general meeting in the coming years to resolve upon similar incentive programmes.To be able to implement LTI 2023 in a cost-efficient and flexible manner  the board has considered various methods for transferring shares under LTI 2023  such as repurchase and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023  transfer of warrants entitling to subscription of new shares  or share swap agreement with a third party. The board has also taken into consideration that delivery of shares under LTI 2023 will be made no earlier than 2026. In order to retain full flexibility  the board proposes that shares can be delivered with any of the above three alternate methods (in accordance with the proposals below and the board's proposal on directed issue and transfer of warrants and the board's proposal on acquisition and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023  with the right for the board to combine or choose any of the methods.The proposalConcentric has implemented LTI programmes on an annual basis since 2012. The LTI programme has enabled Concentric to offer a competitive total reward package necessary to attract and retain employees who are critical to Concentric's ongoing success.The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on the implementation of a long-term incentive programme  LTI 2023  principally based on the following conditions and principles.LTI 2023 shall comprise the CEO  up to 11 senior executives and 25 other key employees (total of 37 employees). Each participant will free of charge receive a performance share award under LTI 2023 (""LTIP Award"") entitling the participant to receive an allocation of a number of Concentric shares free of charge from Concentric or from a designated third party  subject to the satisfaction of the performance conditions set out under the heading ""Performance criteria"" below  as well as the condition in item 5 below (""Performance Shares""). Any Performance Shares will be allocated after the expiration of the three-year vesting period  which begins on the date decided by Concentric and notified to the participant in LTI 2023 and continues until the day of publication of the interim report for Q1 of the 2026 financial year (the ""Vesting Period""). Offer of participation in LTI 2023 can be offered up to and including 31 May 2023. Within LTI 2023  the value of the underlying shares at the time of grant in respect of each LTIP Award will amount to (i) for the CEO a value of up to 100 per cent of his annual base salary  (ii) for 11 other senior executives a value of up to 40 per cent of their respective annual base salary  and (iii) for a total of 25 other key employees a value of up to 20 per cent of their respective annual base salary. References to the annual base salary means the participant's base salary effective from 1 April 2023.The share price used to calculate the value of the underlying shares in respect of each LTIP Award  and hence the number of shares to which each LTIP Award entitles  shall be SEK 226.60 (""Input Value"")  which equals to the average of each trading day's volume weighted average share price on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from 9 February 2023 to 22 February 2023 (inclusive)  rounded to the nearest ten öre. Receiving the Performance Shares is subject to the participant remaining employed in the Concentric group (with certain exceptions decided by the board) throughout the three-year lock-up period  thus up to and including the date of receiving the Performance Shares. The board shall be authorised to resolve on a premature allocation of the Performance Shares (i) if a person  alone or together with related parties  acquires such number of shares in the company that it  in accordance with applicable rules  gives rise to an obligation to announce a mandatory offer to acquire all outstanding shares in the company or (ii) for individual participants based on individual circumstances  or (iii) if premature allocation is otherwise deemed to be suitable or appropriate  taking into account performance achieved to the date of premature allocation. The number of Performance Shares that may be transferred to participants in LTI 2023 may be recalculated due to a bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or any similar event  by applying the recalculation principles applicable on the warrants proposed to the general meeting under the board's proposal on directed issue of warrants. In addition  the board may adjust the performance criteria due to circumstances affecting comparability of key figures  e.g. non-recurring events such as acquisitions  divestments and similar. The board shall decide on the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2023. The board shall be entitled to deviate from or adjust the terms and conditions as a result of local regulations and practice. LTI 2023 comprises a maximum of 105 000 Performance Shares.Performance criteriaThe portion (if any) of an LTIP Award that will vest at the end of the Vesting Period is based on and subject to the satisfaction of the performance conditions set out below during the 2023  2024  and 2025 financial years  i.e. during the period 1 January 2023 up to and including 31 December 2025 (""Performance Period""). The percentage weighting between the different performance conditions is stated below and the outcome for each performance condition will be determined individually. This means  inter alia  that all performance conditions do not have to be fulfilled for allocation of Performance Shares to take place.Earnings per share40 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the accumulated earnings per Concentric share (""EPS"") during the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to EPS will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to EPS will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to EPS will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the EPS will occur.Return on capital employed40 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the average return on capital employed (""ROCE"") during the years covered by the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to ROCE will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to ROCE will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to ROCE will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the ROCE will occur.Sustainability20 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the revenue from the sale of electrical products as a percentage of total group revenue (""ESG Target"") at the end of the final year of the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to the ESG Target will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to ESG Target will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to ESG Target will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the ESG Target will occur.Authorisation to enter into a swap agreementThe company's supply of shares to the participants under LTI 2023 may be made by instructing a third party to deliver Concentric shares under a swap agreement.In accordance with this  the board proposes that the general meeting resolve to authorise the board to enter into a swap agreement regarding own shares. Thus  it is proposed that the financial exposure of LTI 2023 may be hedged by the company entering into a share swap agreement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall acquire and transfer Concentric shares to participants in LTI 2023.CostsThe LTI 2023 may result in annual costs of no more than MSEK 7.1 for the company if the performance criteria are fully met  and an annual 15 per cent share price growth is assumed. In addition to this  social security charges will apply upon allocation of the Performance Shares  in the year 2026. Social security charges may amount to no more than MSEK 1.5 annually  based on the above assumptions.Preparation of the matterThe board's proposal on LTI 2023 has been prepared by the board.Resolution on a directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants (item 16)The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on a directed issue of warrants with the right to subscribe for new shares in the company  in accordance with the below proposal.The board's proposal entails that the general meeting shall decide on a directed issue of 105 000 warrants with the right to subscription of new shares in the company  principally in accordance with the following conditions.The warrants are issued free of charge. Each warrant will give the right to subscribe for one new share in the company  thus the share capital of the company can increase with a maximum of SEK 266 700 if the warrants are fully utilised. The right to subscribe for warrants shall  with a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted the company's fully owned subsidiary Concentric Skånes Fagerhult AB. Subscription to the warrants shall be made no later than June 30  2023  with the board reserving the right to extend this time limit. The warrants can be exercised to subscribe for shares in the company from the registration of the warrants with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and up to and including December 31  2026. A warrant entitles its holder to subscribe for one new share in the company for a subscription price corresponding to the share's quota value  SEK 2.54. The new shares issued under the warrants shall entitle to dividend as from the first record date for dividend to occur after the registration of the new shares with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The number of shares issued under each warrant may be recalculated in accordance with recalculation principles due to a bonus issue  share split or consolidation  rights issue and/or any similar event.Reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rightThe reason for deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the company wishes to implement an incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the group  by which they can be offered the opportunity to take part in an increase in the company's share value.DilutionAt full utilisation of the warrants  the number of outstanding shares in the company will increase by 105 000. These shares constitute 0.3 per cent of the number of shares and votes after full dilution  calculated as the number of new shares in relation to the number of existing and new shares in the company. Together with outstanding warrants under previous incentive programs  the warrants will result in a combined dilution of approximately 0.5 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes in the company.If the proposed warrants had been fully utilised throughout 2022  the company's basic and diluted earnings per share for the financial year 2022 would have been SEK 13.20 and SEK 13.14 per share respectively on a pro forma basis  instead of SEK 13.20 and SEK 13.18 per share respectively as reported.In the event that repurchased shares  or shares transferred by a third party under a swap agreement  (in accordance with the board's proposal for acquisition and transfer of own shares and the board's proposal of LTI 2023  respectively) are fully or partly transferred to the participants in LTI 2023 instead of warrants  the dilution will be reduced.Transfer of the warrantsFurthermore  the board proposes that the general meeting resolve to approve that Concentric Skånes Fagerhult AB  on one or more occasions  may transfer warrants to a third party for reassignment of shares to the participants in LTI 2023 in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2023  and dispose of the warrants in order to cover costs related to  or fulfil obligations occurring under  LTI 2023.Preparation of the matterThe board's proposal has been prepared by the board.Special authorisation and condition for resolutionThe board proposes that the board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments to the above proposed resolution that may be necessary upon registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or due to any other formal requirement.The board proposes that a resolution under this proposal be subject to the general meeting having resolved to pass the board's proposal on LTI 2023 under item 15 on the agenda.Resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares  authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares  and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023 (items 17.a-17.c)Proposal for a resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares (item 17.a)The board proposes that the general meeting authorises the board to resolve on repurchase of own shares on one or several occasions during the period up to the annual general meeting 2024 in accordance with the following.Acquisition of own shares must be made on Nasdaq Stockholm. Own shares may be acquired to the extent the company's holdings of own shares in total amounts to no more than one tenth of all shares in the company. Acquisition of own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made in cash and at a price within the stock market price interval registered at any given time  such interval being the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest sales price.The reasons for the proposed authorisation to repurchase own shares are to be able to improve the company's capital structure and to enable share transfers in accordance with the board's proposals for authorisation for the board to transfer own shares and for previous and proposed resolution on transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2020-2023  to increase the flexibility for the board in connection to potential future corporate acquisitions  as well as to cover costs for LTI 2020-2023 and enable delivery of shares in accordance with LTI 2020-2023. References made to LTI 2020-2022 includes the JSOP and Employee Share Ownership Trust.Proposal for a resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares (item 17.b)The board proposes that the general meeting authorises the board to resolve on transfer of own shares on one or several occasions during the period up to the annual general meeting 2024 in accordance with the following.Transfer of own shares must be made either on Nasdaq Stockholm or in another manner. Transfer of own shares may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The maximum number of shares that may be transferred is the total number of own shares held by the company at the time of the board's resolution to transfer the shares. Transfer of own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price within the stock market price interval registered at any given time  such interval being the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest sales price; transfer of own shares in another manner shall be made at a minimum price that shall be determined in close connection with the shares' quoted price at the time of the board's resolution to transfer the shares. Payment for the transferred shares may be made in cash  by contribution in kind or by set-off. The board is entitled to determine the other terms and conditions of the transfer which  however  shall be in accordance with the market practice.The reasons for the proposed authorisation to transfer own shares and for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights are to be able to improve the company's capital structure  to cover costs relating to LTI 2020-2023 (including costs related to the JSOP) as well as to increase the flexibility of the board in connection to potential future corporate acquisitions  by facilitating a fast and cost-efficient financing by divesting holdings of own shares.Proposal for a resolution on transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023 (item 17.c)The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on transfer of own shares in accordance with the following.The maximum number of shares that may be transferred is 105 000. The participants in LTI 2023 are  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  entitled to receive the shares with right for each of the participants to receive no more than the maximum number of shares allowed under the terms and conditions for LTI 2023. The participants' right to receive shares is conditional upon the fulfilment of all of the conditions set up in LTI 2023. The shares must be transferred within the time period set out in the terms and conditions of LTI 2023. The shares shall be transferred free of charge as established under the terms and conditions of LTI 2023. The number of shares that may be transferred to the participants in LTI 2023 may be recalculated due to bonus issue  share split  rights issue and similar events in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2023.The reason for the proposed transfer and for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable delivery of shares under LTI 2023.The board proposes that a resolution under this proposal be subject to the general meeting having resolved to pass the board's proposal on LTI 2023 under item 15 on the agenda.Majority requirementsResolutions under items 17.a (authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares) and 17.b (authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares) will not be valid unless supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Resolutions under items 16 (directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants) and 17.c (transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023) will not be valid unless supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.DocumentsAll documents in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) will be available at the company's legal counsel  Advokatfirman Lindahl  at Nybrogatan 17 in Stockholm and on the company's website www.concentricab.com no later than as from Tuesday  March 28  2023 and will be sent  immediately and free of charge to the recipient  to those shareholders who so request and state their postal address.InformationIf so requested by any shareholder and if the board deems it possible without significant detriment to the company  the board and CEO must provide information at the general meeting about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation  the group accounts and the company's relation to other companies within the group. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may send them to Victoria Skoglund  Concentric AB  Box 5898  102 40 Stockholm  Sweden.Shares and votesAs per the day of this notice  the number of shares and votes in the company totals 38 297 600 respectively of which the company holds 108 153 shares. In addition to this  209 947 shares have been transferred to an employee share ownership trust.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfConcentric AB (publ)The board of directorsCONTACT:For additional information please contact Marcus Whitehouse  telephone +44-121-445 6545The following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-concentric-301771193.htmlSOURCE Concentric AB",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.27,0.28,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'CONCENTRIC', 'Post- och Inrikes Tidningar', 'The Concentric AB board', 'Swedish Official Gazette', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Such electronic votes', 'equivalent authority document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'annual general meeting', 'Nominee registered shares', 'postal voting form', 'postal vote', 'telephone number', 'voting rights', 'Further details', 'Klara strand', 'ta Clara', 'share register', 'due time', 'contact information', 'nomination committee', 'legal entity', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'past year', 'longer period', 'five years', 'special form', 'completed form', '91 33 business days', 'registration procedure', 'registration certificate', 'legal person', 'separate notice', 'proxy form', 'company name', 'REDDITCH', 'England', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'directors', 'shareholders', 'April', 'proposals', 'website', 'next', '13.00 CET', 'Tuesday', 'Klarabergsviadukten', 'Stockholm', '12.30 CET', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'articles', 'association', 'notification', 'Thursday', 'intention', 'Wednesday', 'writing', 'address', 'Box', '9.00 CET', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'attendance', 'advisors', 'participation', 'Story', 'order', 'bank', 'broker', 'date', 'items', 'agenda', 'verification', 'vpc', 'appendices', 'original', 'advance', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Anyone', 'possession', 'signed', 'Forms', 'copy', 'validity', 'maximum', 'entry', '46', '16.00']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20464,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-taken-evli-plcs-annual-113000722.html,Decisions taken by Evli Plc's Annual General Meeting and organizational meeting of Board of Directors on March 14  2023,EVLI PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MARCH 14  2023 AT 1:30 PM EET/EEST Evli Plc's Annual General Meeting on March 14  2023 approved the financial statements and ...,Evli PlcEVLI PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MARCH 14  2023 AT 1:30 PM EET/EESTEvli Plc's Annual General Meeting on March 14  2023 approved the financial statements and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the company's CEO from liability for the financial year 2022.The Annual General Meeting approved the Board of Directors' proposal to pay a dividend for the financial year 2022 for the amount of EUR 0.80 per share  in addition to which EUR 0.35 per share will be distributed from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity. The dividend and the distribution from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity will be paid to shareholders who are entered in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date on March 16  2023. The distribution will be paid on March 23  2023.The Annual General Meeting approved the Remuneration Report 2022 of the Company’s governing bodies.Board of Directors and AuditorThe Annual General Meeting decided that the Board of Directors will consist of six (6) members. The present members of the Board of Directors Henrik Andersin  Fredrik Hacklin  Sari Helander  Robert Ingman and Antti Kuljukka were re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Christina Dahlblom was elected as a new member.It was decided that the following remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Board of Directors: EUR 5 000.00 per month to the Members of the Board  EUR 6 000.00 per month to the Chairmen of the Board Committees and EUR 7 500.00 per month to the Chairman of the Board.The auditing firm Ernst & Young Oy (EY) was elected as the company's auditor and Miikka Hietala  Authorized Public Accountant  as the principally responsible auditor. The auditor shall be paid remuneration according to a reasonable invoice approved by the company.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company's own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company's own series A and series B shares in one or more tranches as follows:Story continuesThe total number of own series A shares to be acquired may be a maximum of 1 448 515 shares  and the total number of own series B shares to be acquired may be a maximum of 1 179 015 shares. The proposed number of shares represents approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company on the date of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting.Based on the authorization  the company's own shares may only be acquired with unrestricted equity.The Board of Directors will decide how the company's own shares will be acquired. Financial instruments such as derivatives may be used in the purchasing. The company's own shares may be acquired in other proportion than the shareholders' proportional shareholdings (private purchase). Shares may be acquired through public trading at the prevailing market price formed for the series B shares in public trading on the Nasdaq Helsinki Oy on the date of acquisition.The authorization will replace earlier unused authorizations to acquire the company's own shares. The authorization will be in force until the next Annual General Meeting but no later than until June 30  2024.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares pursuant to Chapter 10  section 1  of the Companies Act in one or more tranches  for a fee or free of charge.Based on the authorization  the number of shares issued or transferred  including shares received based on special rights  may total a maximum of 2 627 530 series B shares. The proposed number of shares represents approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company on the date of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting. Of the above-mentioned total number  however  a maximum of 262 753 shares may be used as part of the company's share-based incentive schemes  representing approximately one (1) percent of all the shares of the company on the date of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting.The authorization will entitle the Board of Directors to decide on all the terms and conditions related to the issuing of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights. The Board of Directors may decide to issue either new shares or any own shares in the possession of the company.The authorization will replace earlier unused authorizations concerning the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorization is proposed to be in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting but no longer than until June 30  2024.Amendment of the Articles of Association with regard to the arrangements for the General Meeting of ShareholdersThe Annual General Meeting decided to add to the Articles of Association the possibility to alternatively attend the General Meeting remotely during the meeting (hybrid meeting) or without a physical meeting place (remote meeting). The amendment was made to Article 10 (Notice Convening the General Meeting of Shareholders) of the Articles of Association.New article in the Articles of Association:“Article 10 § Notice Convening the General Meeting of ShareholdersA notice convening the general meeting of shareholders shall be published on the company’s website and as a stock exchange release no earlier than three (3) months before and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting. The notice shall  however  be announced at least nine (9) days before the record date of the general meeting of shareholders. The board of directors may at their discretion decide to publish notice of the general meeting of shareholders in one or several newspapers.The Board of Directors may decide that a shareholder may also participate in the General Meeting by exercising his/her right to vote by means of a telecommunication link and technical aid before or during the meeting (hybrid meeting). The Board of Directors may also decide that the general meeting is to be held without a meeting venue so that shareholders exercise their decision-making power fully and in a timely manner during the meeting by means of telecommunication and technical aids (remote meeting).”The minutes of the meeting will be available on www.evli.com/agm2023 as of March 28  2023 at the latest.Decisions by the organizational meeting of the Board of DirectorsThe organizational meeting of the Board of Directors elected from among its members Henrik Andersin as its Chairman and Antti Kuljukka as its Vice Chairman. Sari Helander was elected Chairman and Robert Ingman and Antti Kuljukka as members of the Audit and Risk Committee. Fredrik Hacklin was elected as Chairman and Henrik Andersin and Christina Dahlblom as members of the Compensation Committee.Christina Dahlblom  Fredrik Hacklin  Sari Helander and Antti Kuljukka are independent of both the company and significant shareholders.EVLI PLCBoard of directorsAdditional information:Juho Mikola  CFO  Evli Plc  tel. +358 (0)40 717 8888  juho.mikola@evli.comEvli PlcWe see wealth as an engine to drive progress. We draw on our heritage  broad expertise and Nordic values to grow and manage wealth for institutions  corporations and private persons in a responsible way.We are the leading asset manager in Finland* offering a broad range of services including mutual funds  asset management and capital markets services  alternative investment products  equity research  share plan design and administration as well as Corporate Finance services. Responsible investing is integrated in every investment decision and our expertise is widely acknowledged by our clients. Evli has Finland's best expertise in responsible investment**.Evli Group employs around 300 professionals and Evli has a total of EUR 16.0 billion in client assets under management (net 12/2022). Evli Plc’s B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.* Kantar Prospera External Asset Management Finland 2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2021  Kantar Prospera Private Banking 2019  2020 Finland** SFR Scandinavian Financial Research Institutional Investment Services Finland 2021  2022Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  main media  www.evli.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.62,0.32,0.06,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'organizational meeting', 'Evli Plc', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'March', 'EVLI PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights"", 'prevailing market price', 'earlier unused authorizations', 'share-based incentive schemes', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'Authorized Public Accountant', ""shareholders' proportional shareholdings"", 'other special rights', 'series B shares', 'series A shares', 'The Board', 'Young Oy', 'other proportion', 'public trading', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'unrestricted equity', 'shareholder register', 'governing bodies', 'Henrik Andersin', 'Fredrik Hacklin', 'Sari Helander', 'Robert Ingman', 'Antti Kuljukka', 'Christina Dahlblom', 'new member', 'auditing firm', 'Miikka Hietala', 'reasonable invoice', 'Financial instruments', 'private purchase', 'Companies Act', 'Remuneration Report', 'following remuneration', 'total number', 'new shares', 'six (6) members', 'present members', 'responsible auditor', 'record date', 'Board Committees', ""Directors' proposal"", 'one (1) percent', '1,448,515 shares', '1,179,015 shares', '262,753 shares', '10 percent', 'March', 'company', 'CEO', 'liability', 'amount', 'addition', 'reserve', 'distribution', 'month', 'Chairmen', 'Chairman', 'Ernst', 'EY', 'acquisition', 'tranches', 'Story', 'maximum', 'Notice', 'derivatives', 'purchasing', 'force', 'June', 'issuance', 'options', 'Chapter', 'section', 'fee', 'charge', 'part', 'terms', 'conditions', 'issuing', 'possession', 'end', 'Articles', 'Association', 'regard', 'arrangements', '1:30']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20465,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/14/2626354/0/en/Notice-Convening-the-Eezy-Plc-Annual-General-Meeting-on-13-April-2023.html,Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 13 April 2023,EEZY PLC -- STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE -- 14 March 2023 at 10.30  Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 13 April 2023  NOTICE CONVENING...,English FinnishEEZY PLC -- STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE -- 14 March 2023 at 10.30Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 13 April 2023NOTICE CONVENING THE GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Eezy Plc are invited to the annual general meeting  which is to be held on Thursday 13 April 2023 starting at 10:00 in the Jura-Sali event room at the address Kasarmikatu 21 B  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 9:30.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions concerning advance voting are provided in section C of this notice.There will be an opportunity to watch the general meeting via an online broadcast. Instructions for watching the online broadcast are available on the company’s website https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023 on 6 April 2023 at the latest. It will not be possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise take the floor or vote via the online broadcast. Watching the meeting via the online broadcast does not constitute participating in the meeting or exercising shareholder rights.A recording of the CEO’s review presented at the general meeting will be made available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023 after the meeting.The general meeting will be held in Finnish.A. Agenda of the general meetingAt the general meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the person to scrutinise the minutes and the person to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.The company’s financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report  are available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023.7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe board of directors proposes to the general meeting that  based on the balance sheet to be adopted for 2022  a dividend of a maximum of EUR 0.15 per share be paid in two tranches.The board of directors proposes that the first tranche of the dividend  EUR 0.10 per share  be paid to shareholders who are registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date of the first tranche  17 April 2023. The board of directors proposes that the dividends of this tranche be paid on 25 April 2023.The board of directors proposes that the second tranche of the dividend  EUR 0.05 per share  be paid to shareholders who are registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date of the second tranche  19 October 2023. The board of directors proposes that the dividends of this tranche be paid on 26 October 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the board of directors and the CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe company’s remuneration report for governing bodies is available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 58% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that the remuneration of the board of directors remain unchanged and in accordance with the resolution made by the annual general meeting on 12 April 2022 and that the members of the board of directors be paid monthly remuneration as follows:EUR 4 000 per month for the chairperson of the board andEUR 2 000 each per month for all other members of the board.In addition  members of the board of directors’ committees will be paid a meeting fee of EUR 300 for each committee meeting.The reasonable travelling expenses of the members of the board of directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travelling policy and practices.12. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 58% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that seven (7) members be elected to the board of directors.13. Election of members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 58% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that Tapio Pajuharju  Paul Savolainen  Mika Uotila  Kati Hagros  Jarno Suominen and Mikko Wirén be re-elected as members of the board of directors and Maria Pajamo be elected as a new member of the board of directors for a term ending at the end of the next annual general meeting following the election.Liisa Harjula and Timo Mänty have notified that they are not available for re-election.The composition of the board of directors will be considered as a whole.Personal information and positions of trust of the proposed individuals as well as the evaluations of their independence are available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe board of directors proposes to the general meeting that the auditor’s fees be paid against its reasonable invoice as approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorUpon the recommendation of the audit committee  the board of directors proposes to the general meeting the re-election of the company’s current auditor  KPMG Oy Ab  which has stated that Esa Kailiala  APA  will act as the responsible auditor.The term of the auditor will end at the end of the next annual general meeting following the election.16. Authorising the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s shares using the company’s unrestricted equity under the following terms and conditions.The total maximum number of shares to be repurchased under the authorisation is 2 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10.0% of all the shares in the company. The shares will be repurchased in trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy’s regulated market at a price formed in public trading on the date of repurchase. The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders. The shares will be repurchased using the company’s distributable unrestricted equity. This authorisation replaces prior authorisations granted to the board of directors to repurchase the company’s own shares. The authorisation is valid until the end of the annual general meeting of 2024  but in any case no later than 18 months from the general meeting’s resolution on authorisation.17. Authorising the board of directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the board of directors to decide on the issuance of shares in one or more tranches as well as on the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as referred to in chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows.The total maximum number of shares to be issued under the authorisation is 2 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10.0% of all the shares in the company. The board of directors decides on all the terms and conditions regarding the issuance of shares and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares. The share issues and the issuances of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares can take place in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue) if the company has a weighty financial reason to do so  such as the financing or the implementation of a merger or acquisition  the development of the company’s equity structure or the implementation of the company’s incentive schemes. The total maximum number of shares to be issued for the purpose of implementing the company’s incentive schemes is 250 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 1.0% of all the shares in the company. For the avoidance of doubt  the above number of shares to be issued for the implementation of incentive schemes is included in the overall number of the issuance authorisation referred to in section 1. above. Based on the authorisation  the board of directors is also authorised to decide on a share issue without payment directed to the company itself  provided that the number of shares held by the company after the issue would be a maximum of 10% of all the shares in the company. This amount includes shares that may be held by the company and its subsidiaries in the manner provided for in chapter 15  section 11  subsection 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The authorisation replaces prior share issue authorisations granted to the board of directors. The authorisation is valid until the end of the annual general meeting of 2024  but in any case no later than 18 months from the general meeting’s resolution on share issue authorisation.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the general meetingThis notice convening the general meeting  which includes all of the proposed resolutions on the agenda of the general meeting  is available on Eezy Plc’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023/.Eezy Plc’s financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report  and the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies are available on the above website. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be made available at the general meeting.The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the above website as of 27 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholder registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the general meeting  30 March 2023  in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the general meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholder register. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not affect the right to participate in the general meeting or the number of voting rights.Registration for the general meeting commences on 16 March 2023 at 9:00. A shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholder register and who wishes to participate in the general meeting must register no later than on 6 April 2023 at 16:00  by which time the registration must be received. Shareholders can register for the meeting in the following ways.a) On the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023If the shareholder is an individual  electronic registration on the website of the company requires strong electronic identification with a Finnish bank ID or Finnish mobile ID.If the shareholder is a legal person  electronic registration does not generally require strong electronic identification. However  legal persons must provide the number of their book-entry account and their business ID or other identification code. If the legal person uses the Suomi.fi e-authorisation  registration requires that the authorised person uses strong electronic identification with a Finnish bank ID or Finnish mobile ID.b) By post to the address Eezy Oyj  Aino Nylander  Itämerenkatu 3  FI-00180 Helsinki  FinlandThe requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number  email address as well as the name of their possible assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth/personal identification number of the proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration.The personal data given to Eezy Plc or Euroclear Finland Oy by shareholders is used only in connection with the general meeting and in connection with the processing of the related necessary registrations.Upon request  a shareholder  their representative or proxy representative must be able to prove their identity and/or representation right at the meeting venue.2. Holder of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the general meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting  30 March 2023. In addition  the right to participate requires that holders of nominee registered shares be temporarily registered to the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares on 6 April 2023 at 10:00 at the latest. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the general meeting. Changes in shareholdings occurring after the record date of the general meeting will not affect the right to attend the general meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to contact their custodian bank in good time to request the necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholder register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the general meeting and voting in advance. The account operator of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting into the temporary shareholder register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. When necessary  the account operator of the custodian bank also has to arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to the holder of nominee registered shares.Further information on these matters is also available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023.3. Proxy representative and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in the general meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.The proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or power of attorney or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the general meeting. When a shareholder participates in the general meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the general meeting.Any proxy documents should be announced in connection with registration  and the proxy documents should be delivered by mail to the address Eezy Oyj  Aino Nylander  Itämerenkatu 3  FI-00180 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to the address yhtiokokous@eezy.fi. In addition to submitting proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives must ensure that they register for the general meeting in the manner instructed above in this notice.Legal persons may use the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service as an alternative to a traditional proxy document. In such a case  the legal person authorises a proxy representative via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’. In Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting registration service  the proxy representatives must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the e-authorisation is verified automatically. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish bank ID or mobile ID. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders who have a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain items of the agenda of the general meeting via the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023 between 9:00 on 16 March 2023 and 16:00 on 6 April 2023. If the shareholder is an individual  identification in the advance voting service requires a Finnish bank ID or mobile ID. If the shareholder is a legal person  identification in the advance voting service requires their business ID and book-entry account number.In addition to advance voting  shareholders must ensure that they register for the general meeting before the end of the registration period.Proposed resolutions that are subject to advance voting are considered to have been presented unchanged in the general meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a vote held at the general meeting also in circumstances where an alternative resolution has been proposed concerning the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that shareholder who voted in advance is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting.Unless shareholders voting in advance participate in the general meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation  they will not be able to make counterproposals  vote for a possible counterproposal  or use their rights under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act to request information or a vote.Holders of nominee registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares they represent in accordance with the shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.The terms and conditions and other instructions for advance voting will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023 as of the beginning of the advance voting  16 March 2023 at 9:00  at the latest.5. Other instructions / informationPursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice convening the general meeting  14 March 2023  the total number of shares and votes in Eezy Plc is 25 046 815.In Helsinki  on 14 March 2023EEZY PLCBoard of directorsFurther information:Hannu NymanCFOhannu.nyman@eezy.fitel. +358 (0)50 306 9913Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', '13 April', 'Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting', 'Jura-Sali event room', 'reasonable travelling expenses', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'travelling policy', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Kasarmikatu 21 B', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'online broadcast', 'shareholder rights', 'A. Agenda', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'two tranches', 'shareholder register', 'governing bodies', 'meeting venue', 'meeting fee', 'committee meeting', 'first tranche', 'second tranche', 'monthly remuneration', 'English Finnish', 'advance voting', 'record date', 'other members', 'seven (7) members', 'Thursday 13 April', 'directors’ committees', 'remuneration report', '6 April', '25 April', '12 April', '14 March', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'opportunity', 'company', 'website', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'floor', 'recording', 'CEO', 'review', 'annual-general-meeting', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'board', 'auditor', 'year', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'maximum', 'dividends', '26 October', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'aggregate', 'shares', 'accordance', 'chairperson', 'addition', 'practices', 'number', '10.30']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,globenewswire.com
20466,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EEZY-OYJ-44315896/news/Notice-Convening-the-Eezy-Plc-Annual-General-Meeting-on-13-April-2023-43236814/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 13 April 2023,(marketscreener.com) EEZY PLC -- STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE -- 14 March 2023 at 10.30 Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 13 April 2023 NOTICE CONVENING THE GENERAL MEETING The shareholders of Eezy Plc are invited to the annual general meeting…,Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 13 April 2023 03/14/2023 | 04:31am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields EEZY PLC -- STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE -- 14 March 2023 at 10.30Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 13 April 2023 NOTICE CONVENING THE GENERAL MEETING The shareholders of Eezy Plc are invited to the annual general meeting  which is to be held on Thursday 13 April 2023 starting at 10:00 in the Jura-Sali event room at the address Kasarmikatu 21 B  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 9:30. Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions concerning advance voting are provided in section C of this notice. There will be an opportunity to watch the general meeting via an online broadcast. Instructions for watching the online broadcast are available on the company’s website https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023 on 6 April 2023 at the latest. It will not be possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise take the floor or vote via the online broadcast. Watching the meeting via the online broadcast does not constitute participating in the meeting or exercising shareholder rights. A recording of the CEO’s review presented at the general meeting will be made available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023 after the meeting. The general meeting will be held in Finnish. A. Agenda of the general meetingAt the general meeting  the following matters will be considered: 1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the person to scrutinise the minutes and the person to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.The company’s financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report  are available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023. 7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe board of directors proposes to the general meeting that  based on the balance sheet to be adopted for 2022  a dividend of a maximum of EUR 0.15 per share be paid in two tranches. The board of directors proposes that the first tranche of the dividend  EUR 0.10 per share  be paid to shareholders who are registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date of the first tranche  17 April 2023. The board of directors proposes that the dividends of this tranche be paid on 25 April 2023. The board of directors proposes that the second tranche of the dividend  EUR 0.05 per share  be paid to shareholders who are registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date of the second tranche  19 October 2023. The board of directors proposes that the dividends of this tranche be paid on 26 October 2023. 9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the board of directors and the CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe company’s remuneration report for governing bodies is available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023. 11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 58% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that the remuneration of the board of directors remain unchanged and in accordance with the resolution made by the annual general meeting on 12 April 2022 and that the members of the board of directors be paid monthly remuneration as follows: EUR 4 000 per month for the chairperson of the board andEUR 2 000 each per month for all other members of the board. In addition  members of the board of directors’ committees will be paid a meeting fee of EUR 300 for each committee meeting. The reasonable travelling expenses of the members of the board of directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travelling policy and practices. 12. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 58% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that seven (7) members be elected to the board of directors. 13. Election of members of the board of directorsShareholders that on the date of this notice convening the general meeting represent in aggregate approximately 58% of the votes vested in the company’s shares propose to the general meeting that Tapio Pajuharju  Paul Savolainen  Mika Uotila  Kati Hagros  Jarno Suominen and Mikko Wirén be re-elected as members of the board of directors and Maria Pajamo be elected as a new member of the board of directors for a term ending at the end of the next annual general meeting following the election. Liisa Harjula and Timo Mänty have notified that they are not available for re-election. The composition of the board of directors will be considered as a whole. Personal information and positions of trust of the proposed individuals as well as the evaluations of their independence are available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023. 14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe board of directors proposes to the general meeting that the auditor’s fees be paid against its reasonable invoice as approved by the company. 15. Election of the auditorUpon the recommendation of the audit committee  the board of directors proposes to the general meeting the re-election of the company’s current auditor  KPMG Oy Ab  which has stated that Esa Kailiala  APA  will act as the responsible auditor. The term of the auditor will end at the end of the next annual general meeting following the election. 16. Authorising the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s shares using the company’s unrestricted equity under the following terms and conditions. The total maximum number of shares to be repurchased under the authorisation is 2 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10.0% of all the shares in the company. The shares will be repurchased in trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy’s regulated market at a price formed in public trading on the date of repurchase. The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders. The shares will be repurchased using the company’s distributable unrestricted equity. This authorisation replaces prior authorisations granted to the board of directors to repurchase the company’s own shares. The authorisation is valid until the end of the annual general meeting of 2024  but in any case no later than 18 months from the general meeting’s resolution on authorisation.17. Authorising the board of directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the board of directors to decide on the issuance of shares in one or more tranches as well as on the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as referred to in chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows. The total maximum number of shares to be issued under the authorisation is 2 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10.0% of all the shares in the company. The board of directors decides on all the terms and conditions regarding the issuance of shares and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares. The share issues and the issuances of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares can take place in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue) if the company has a weighty financial reason to do so  such as the financing or the implementation of a merger or acquisition  the development of the company’s equity structure or the implementation of the company’s incentive schemes. The total maximum number of shares to be issued for the purpose of implementing the company’s incentive schemes is 250 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 1.0% of all the shares in the company. For the avoidance of doubt  the above number of shares to be issued for the implementation of incentive schemes is included in the overall number of the issuance authorisation referred to in section 1. above. Based on the authorisation  the board of directors is also authorised to decide on a share issue without payment directed to the company itself  provided that the number of shares held by the company after the issue would be a maximum of 10% of all the shares in the company. This amount includes shares that may be held by the company and its subsidiaries in the manner provided for in chapter 15  section 11  subsection 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The authorisation replaces prior share issue authorisations granted to the board of directors. The authorisation is valid until the end of the annual general meeting of 2024  but in any case no later than 18 months from the general meeting’s resolution on share issue authorisation.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the general meetingThis notice convening the general meeting  which includes all of the proposed resolutions on the agenda of the general meeting  is available on Eezy Plc’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023/. Eezy Plc’s financial statements  the report of the board of directors and the auditor’s report  and the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies are available on the above website. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be made available at the general meeting. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the above website as of 27 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholder registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the general meeting  30 March 2023  in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the general meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholder register. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not affect the right to participate in the general meeting or the number of voting rights. Registration for the general meeting commences on 16 March 2023 at 9:00. A shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholder register and who wishes to participate in the general meeting must register no later than on 6 April 2023 at 16:00  by which time the registration must be received. Shareholders can register for the meeting in the following ways. a) On the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023If the shareholder is an individual  electronic registration on the website of the company requires strong electronic identification with a Finnish bank ID or Finnish mobile ID. If the shareholder is a legal person  electronic registration does not generally require strong electronic identification. However  legal persons must provide the number of their book-entry account and their business ID or other identification code. If the legal person uses the Suomi.fi e-authorisation  registration requires that the authorised person uses strong electronic identification with a Finnish bank ID or Finnish mobile ID. b) By post to the address Eezy Oyj  Aino Nylander  Itämerenkatu 3  FI-00180 Helsinki  FinlandThe requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number  email address as well as the name of their possible assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth/personal identification number of the proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data given to Eezy Plc or Euroclear Finland Oy by shareholders is used only in connection with the general meeting and in connection with the processing of the related necessary registrations. Upon request  a shareholder  their representative or proxy representative must be able to prove their identity and/or representation right at the meeting venue. 2. Holder of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the general meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting  30 March 2023. In addition  the right to participate requires that holders of nominee registered shares be temporarily registered to the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares on 6 April 2023 at 10:00 at the latest. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the general meeting. Changes in shareholdings occurring after the record date of the general meeting will not affect the right to attend the general meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder. Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to contact their custodian bank in good time to request the necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholder register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the general meeting and voting in advance. The account operator of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting into the temporary shareholder register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. When necessary  the account operator of the custodian bank also has to arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to the holder of nominee registered shares. Further information on these matters is also available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023. 3. Proxy representative and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in the general meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or power of attorney or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the general meeting. When a shareholder participates in the general meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the general meeting. Any proxy documents should be announced in connection with registration  and the proxy documents should be delivered by mail to the address Eezy Oyj  Aino Nylander  Itämerenkatu 3  FI-00180 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to the address yhtiokokous@eezy.fi. In addition to submitting proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives must ensure that they register for the general meeting in the manner instructed above in this notice. Legal persons may use the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service as an alternative to a traditional proxy document. In such a case  the legal person authorises a proxy representative via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’. In Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting registration service  the proxy representatives must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the e-authorisation is verified automatically. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish bank ID or mobile ID. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations. 4. Advance votingShareholders who have a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain items of the agenda of the general meeting via the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023 between 9:00 on 16 March 2023 and 16:00 on 6 April 2023. If the shareholder is an individual  identification in the advance voting service requires a Finnish bank ID or mobile ID. If the shareholder is a legal person  identification in the advance voting service requires their business ID and book-entry account number. In addition to advance voting  shareholders must ensure that they register for the general meeting before the end of the registration period. Proposed resolutions that are subject to advance voting are considered to have been presented unchanged in the general meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a vote held at the general meeting also in circumstances where an alternative resolution has been proposed concerning the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that shareholder who voted in advance is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting. Unless shareholders voting in advance participate in the general meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation  they will not be able to make counterproposals  vote for a possible counterproposal  or use their rights under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act to request information or a vote. Holders of nominee registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares they represent in accordance with the shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares. The terms and conditions and other instructions for advance voting will be available on the company’s website at https://eezy.fi/annual-general-meeting-04-2023 as of the beginning of the advance voting  16 March 2023 at 9:00  at the latest. 5. Other instructions / informationPursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. On the date of this notice convening the general meeting  14 March 2023  the total number of shares and votes in Eezy Plc is 25 046 815. In Helsinki  on 14 March 2023 EEZY PLCBoard of directorsFurther information: Hannu NymanCFOhannu.nyman@eezy.fitel. +358 (0)50 306 9913 Attachment Eezy_Plc_AGM_2023_InvitationAll news about EEZY OYJ 08:16a Eezy Plc : fourth earning period of the long-term incentive plan for the key employees GL 08:15a Eezy Plc : fourth earning period of the long-term incentive plan for the key employees AQ 03/14 Notice Convening the Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting on 13 April 2023 GL 03/13 Eezy Plc has published the Financial Statements  Corporate Governance Statement and Rem.. GL 03/13 Eezy Plc has published the Financial Statements  Corporate Governance Statement and Rem.. AQ 02/17 Eezy Plc - Managers Transactions GL 02/17 Eezy Plc - Managers Transactions AQ 02/16 Eezy Plc's Financial Statements Bull : Revenue growth slowed GL 02/16 Eezy Plc Proposes Dividend for 2022  Payable on 25 April 2023 and 26 October 2023 Respe.. CI 02/16 Eezy Oyj Provides Earnings Guidance for the Year 2023 CI,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', '13 April', 'Eezy Plc Annual General Meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'Jura-Sali event room', 'reasonable travelling expenses', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'travelling policy', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Kasarmikatu 21 B', 'voting tickets', 'meeting venue', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'online broadcast', 'shareholder rights', 'A. Agenda', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'two tranches', 'shareholder register', 'governing bodies', 'meeting fee', 'committee meeting', 'first tranche', 'second tranche', 'monthly remuneration', 'First name', 'advance voting', 'record date', 'other members', 'seven (7) members', 'Thursday 13 April', 'directors’ committees', 'remuneration report', '6 April', '25 April', '12 April', 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '14 March', 'shareholders', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'opportunity', 'company', 'website', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'floor', 'recording', 'CEO', 'review', 'annual-general-meeting', 'Finnish', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'board', 'auditor', 'year', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'maximum', 'dividends', '26 October', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'aggregate', 'shares', 'accordance', 'chairperson', 'addition', 'practices', 'number', '2022', '10.']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20467,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CONCENTRIC-AB-PUBL-8830012/news/ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-IN-CONCENTRIC-43236510/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN CONCENTRIC,(marketscreener.com) REDDITCH  England  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Concentric AB board of directors has resolved to convene an annual general meeting of shareholders to be held Tuesday  April 18  2023. Further details on the proposals can be found i…,"ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN CONCENTRIC 03/14/2023 | 03:42am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields REDDITCH  England  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Concentric AB board of directors has resolved to convene an annual general meeting of shareholders to be held Tuesday  April 18  2023. Further details on the proposals can be found in the notice convening the meeting  below. The notice is expected to be published in the Swedish Official Gazette (Post- och Inrikes Tidningar) and on the company's website within the next few days. Annual general meeting in concentric AB The annual general meeting of Concentric AB will be held at 13.00 CET on Tuesday  April 18  2023 at Klara strand  S:ta Clara  Klarabergsviadukten 90  in Stockholm. Registration begins at 12.30 CET. The board has resolved  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act and the company's articles of association  that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by postal voting prior to the general meeting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting. Right to attend and notification to the company Shareholders wishing to attend the general meeting must: i. be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  as of Thursday  April 6  2023; andii. notify the company of their intention to participate in the general meeting no later than on Wednesday  April 12  2023. Notice may be submitted in writing to the company at the address Concentric AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone to +46 8 402 91 33 business days between 9.00 CET and 16.00 CET  on the company's website  www.concentricab.com or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. On giving notice of attendance  the shareholder should state the shareholder's name (company name)  personal identity number (corporate identity number)  address  telephone number and number of shares. The registration procedure described above also applies to registration for any advisors. A shareholder that exercises its voting rights through a postal voting form does not have to send in a separate notice of participation  see below under postal voting. Nominee registered shares In order to participate in the general meeting  those whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must request their bank or broker to have their shares owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB as of Wednesday  April 12  2023 and the bank or broker should therefore be notified in due time before said date. This registration may be made temporarily. Postal voting The shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by postal voting. A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website www.concentricab.com. The voting form can also be obtained from the company or by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB at the contact information above. For the items on the agenda where the board or the nomination committee have submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the postal voting form. A shareholder can also abstain from voting on any item. The completed voting form must be received by the company no later than on Wednesday  April 12  2023. The postal voting form is valid as a notification to the general meeting. Shareholders can  through verification with BankID  cast their postal vote electronically via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Wednesday  April 12  2023. The completed form  including any appendices  must be sent by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or alternatively by post in original to Concentric AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or an equivalent authority document  shall be enclosed to the form. The same applies if the shareholder votes in advance by proxy. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions and conditions are included in the postal voting form. Proxy and proxy form Anyone who does not attend the general meeting in person may exercise their right at the general meeting via a proxy in possession of a signed and dated form of proxy. The same applies if a shareholder exercises its voting rights by postal voting. Forms of proxy are available on the company's website www.concentricab.com. The form of proxy may also be obtained from the company or by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB at contact information above. If the proxy is issued by a legal person  a copy of their registration certificate or equivalent authority document must be attached. The proxy must have been issued within the past year unless a longer period of validity is specified on the form of proxy  subject to a maximum of five years. To facilitate entry to the general meeting  forms of proxy  registration certificates and other documentary authority must be received by the company well in advance before the general meeting. Proposed agenda 1. Opening of the general meeting 2. Election of chair of the general meeting 3. Drawing up and approval of the voting list 4. Approval of the agenda 5. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes 6. Determination of whether the general meeting was duly convened 7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated auditor's report 8. Resolutions on: a. adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriation of the company's result according to the adopted balance sheet and on record date for dividend; andc. discharge of personal liability for the board members and the CEO for the financial year 2022 9. Resolution on the number of board members 10. Resolution on fees to the board members and the auditor 11. Election of the board members and chair of the board 12. Election of auditor 13. Resolution on approval of guidelines for salaries and other remuneration 14. Resolution on approval of remuneration report 15. Resolution on performance based incentive programme (LTI 2023) 16. Resolution on a directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants 17. Resolution on: a. authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares;b. authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares; andc. transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023 18. Closing of the general meeting Proposed resolutions Election of chair of the general meeting (item 2) The nomination committee proposes that Anders Nielsen  or if he is prevented from attending  the person the nomination committee proposes in his place  be elected chair of the general meeting. Resolution on appropriation of the company's result according to the adopted balance sheet and on record date for dividend (item 8.b) The general meeting has at its disposal profits carried forward of SEK 2 109 842 000  which is increased with the net profit for the year of SEK 84 193 000. Thus  the general meeting has in total a non-restricted equity of SEK 2 194 035 000 at its disposal. The board proposes a dividend for the financial year 2022 of SEK 4.00 per share  totaling SEK 151 918 000 (shares held by the company and shares held by the Employee Share Ownership Trust are excluded from dividend) and that the balance of SEK 2 042 117 000 is carried forward. As record date for the dividend the board proposes Thursday  April 20  2023. Subject to the resolution by the general meeting in accordance with this proposal  the cash dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday  April 25  2023. Resolution on the number of board members (item 9) The nomination committee proposes that the board shall be composed of seven board members elected at the general meeting  with no alternates  for the period until the next annual general meeting. Resolution on fees to the board members and the auditor (item 10) The nomination committee proposes that fees to the board members for the period up to and including the annual general meeting 2024 are paid in accordance with the resolution of the 2022 annual general meeting  i.e. that the fees to the board members are proposed to remain unchanged. Thus  a fixed fee of a total of SEK 3 650 000 is proposed  of which the chair of the board will receive SEK 900 000 and other board members will receive SEK 375 000. In addition  the chair of the compensation committee will receive SEK 125 000 and member of the compensation committee will receive SEK 50 000. Further  the nomination committee proposes that the chair of the audit committee will receive SEK 175 000 and member of said committee will receive SEK 75 000. The nomination committee proposes that fees to the auditor for services performed are to be paid against  by the company  approved account. Election of the board members and chair of the board (item 11) The nomination committee proposes re-election of the board members Karin Gunnarsson  Anders Nielsen  Susanna Schneeberger  Martin Sköld  Claes Magnus Åkesson  Petra Sundström and Joachim Rosenberg until the next annual general meeting. It is proposed that Anders Nielsen be re-elected chair of the board until the next annual general meeting. Information about the proposed board members can be found on the company's website www.concentricab.com. Election of auditor (item 12) The nomination committee proposes that the company shall have one auditor with no alternate. The nomination committee proposes  according to the audit committee's recommendation  re-election of the registered accounting firm KPMG AB as the company's auditor until the end of the annual general meeting 2024. KPMG AB has notified the company that Joakim Thilstedt  authorised public accountant  will continue to be the auditor-in-charge of the company. Resolution on approval of guidelines for salaries and other remuneration (item 13) The board proposes that the general meeting adopts the following guidelines for the establishment of salaries and other compensation to directors  the chief executive officer (""CEO"") and other senior executives. The group of senior executives encompassed by these guidelines comprises the CEO and other members of the group executive management who report directly to the CEO and have strategic accountability for business unit operations and governance matters directed by the board. These guidelines will be valid for agreements entered into after the general meeting's resolution and for changes made to existing agreements thereafter. These guidelines do not apply to any director fees decided or approved by the general meeting or such issues and transfers as are covered by Chapter 16 in the Swedish Companies Act. The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability In short  the company's business strategy is the following: Concentric is one of the world's leading pump manufacturers. The company seeks to deliver sustainable growth for every application in the markets it serves. The company aims to improve fuel economy  reduce emissions and improve engine control through our technical solutions and precision engineering. The company creates value for its customers through: Developing world class technology with innovative solutions that meet the demands of our customers and end markets;Selling locally to the company's global customers by capitalising on our global infrastructure and teams; andEmbedding business excellence in all that the company does. The company's people is the most valuable asset and the Company aims to leverage and nurture the unique skills of the teams across the globe through a strong and inclusive corporate culture. The company aims to deliver strong and sustainable shareholder returns and target growth both organically and through acquisitions which deliver complementary technologies. For more information regarding the company's business strategy  please see www.concentricinvestors.com. It is of fundamental importance to the company and its shareholders that these guidelines  in both a short and long term perspective  enable the company to attract and retain senior executives and other employees with excellent competence. The purpose of these guidelines is to increase transparency in remuneration issues and through relevant remuneration structures create incentives for senior executives  to execute strategic plans and deliver effective operational results to support the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability. To obtain this it is important to sustain fair and internally balanced terms that are at the same time competitive on the market with respect to structure  scope and compensation levels. These guidelines enable the company  regardless of geographical market  to offer the senior executives a competitive total compensation. Remuneration and remuneration forms The terms of employment for senior executives should consist of a balanced combination of fixed remuneration  annual bonus  pension and other benefits and terms for dismissal/severance payment. Furthermore  the board may prepare and the general meeting resolve on  share and share-price related incentive programmes. Such a combination of compensation fosters and supports well-functioning management and achievement of objectives in both a short and long-term perspective. The remuneration should be based on performance and be competitive. The various types of remuneration that may be paid out are described below. As a share of the total compensation the following guidance shall apply: Fixed remuneration 50%Annual bonus 25%LTI 25% The total compensation of the senior executives is evaluated against relevant (geographical and industry) market data to maintain fair and balanced terms which are at the same time competitive within the market. Fixed remuneration The fixed remuneration shall be individually determined and shall be based on each individual's responsibility and role as well as the individual's competence and experience in the relevant position. Annual bonus Senior executives have an annual bonus that is payable after each year end. The annual bonus is structured as a variable part of the total compensation. Bonus objectives shall primarily be based on the outcomes of financial objectives for the entire company as well as clearly defined individual objectives with respect to specific assignments. The latter is to ensure that the senior executive also focuses on non-financial objectives of specific interest. The financial and non-financial objectives shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy  long-term interests  including its sustainability. The financial objectives for the company shall be established by the board annually in order to ensure that they are in line with the company's business strategy and profit targets. On behalf of the board  the compensation committee establishes the financial objectives for individual units proposed by the CEO. The compensation committee shall make its annual evaluation based on the latest financial information made public by the company. The individual objectives for senior executives are set up to a maximum of 4 which account for between 15 and 30 per cent of the total annual bonus award. Individual objectives will focus on strategic targets related to people  revenue growth in all economies and accelerating technology. The individual objectives for the CEO are directly aligned to strategic growth and development of the business and are agreed by the compensation committee. In turn  the individual objectives for the senior executives have the same focus and alignment to ensure flow-down through each business and function. The individual objectives are proposed by the senior executives in agreement with the CEO  with final approval from the compensation committee. At the end of the bonus period  each senior executive will provide an evidence-based assessment of their performance against individual objectives for agreement and approval by the CEO. The CEO's assessment of performance will be agreed and approved by the compensation committee. The part of the total compensation consisting of the annual bonus varies depending on position and may be up to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed remuneration at full objectives achievement. The bonus objectives are constructed so that no bonus will be paid if a certain minimum performance level is not achieved. All bonus schemes within the organisation are discretionary and payable only after approval by the compensation committee unless payment is guaranteed by an existing legal agreement or contract. The board of directors  under exceptional circumstances  may limit or cancel payments of variable remuneration provided that such actions are deemed reasonable (malus). The board of directors shall also have the possibility  under local law or contractual provisions and subject to the restrictions thereof  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (clawback). Remuneration payable to directors In certain cases directors elected by the general meeting should be able to receive fees and other remuneration for work carried out on the company's behalf  alongside their board work. Fees at market rates  to be approved by the Board  may be payable for such services. Pension When entering into new pension agreements with senior executives who are entitled to pension  the pension shall be based on defined contribution plans. Senior executives retire in accordance with local regulations on pension. As a main principle  pension contributions are based solely on fixed remuneration and the pension scheme(s) in operation will be appropriate to comply with governing local legislation. Senior executives in the UK are invited to participate in a defined contribution plan which sets 12 per cent employer contribution rate. Senior executives in the USA participate in a 401(k) pension scheme. The company ensures adherence to the scheme rules of each plan. For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Other benefits Other benefits  such as company car  compensation for healthcare and health and medical insurance shall form a minor part of the total compensation and shall correspond to what may be deemed market practice on each relevant market. For employments governed by other law than Swedish  other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Special remuneration Further variable remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are limited in time and do not exceed 36 months  and may only be made on an individual basis  either for the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives  or to induce individuals to move to new places of service or accept new positions or as remuneration for extraordinary performance beyond the individual's ordinary tasks. Further  the total compensation must not exceed an amount equivalent to two times the remuneration the individual would have received in the absence of an agreement on special remunerations. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board based on a proposal from the compensation committee. Long-Term Incentive Programme In order to foster a long-term perspective in the decision-making and to ensure long-term achievement of objectives  the board may propose the general meeting to resolve on long-term incentive programmes. The board uses long-term incentives in order to ensure that senior executives within the company have a long-term interest in a stable value increase of the Concentric share  which support the company's business strategy  including its sustainability. By implementing an incentive programme that is connected to the company's profits and at the same time its increase in value  the long-term growth of the company is rewarded and fostered. Further  long-term incentive programmes also aim to make the company a more attractive employer  which contributes to the company's ability to retain key employees within the group as well as to recruit new key employees. As all such long-term incentive programmes are proposed by the board and voted at a general meeting in the company  these remuneration guidelines do not apply to such long-term incentive programmes. For more information about the company's long-term incentive programmes  including the criteria that outcomes are based on  refer to www.concentricinvestors.com. Target fulfilment is reported in the company's annual reports and is also available at the company's website. The board nominates participants for long-term incentive programmes and the board will evaluate whether or not long-term incentive programmes will be proposed at future general meetings. Terms for dismissal etc. Terms for dismissal and severance pay shall correspond to what may be deemed market practice on each relevant market. The CEO has a notice period of 12 months. Other senior executives have a notice period up to 6 months. In addition hereto  agreement may be made with senior executives on severance pay upon termination of employment by the company  corresponding to a maximum of 12 months' fixed remuneration. Remuneration and employment conditions for other employees In the preparation of the boards' proposal for these guidelines  remuneration and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the compensation committee's and the board's basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The development of the gap between the remuneration to senior executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed annually in the company's remuneration report. The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelines The board and its compensation committee resolve on the structures of remuneration systems  as well as levels and forms of remuneration to senior executives. The board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The compensation committee shall monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the compensation committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the board's processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters. Conflicts of interest are counteracted in all decisions and any potential conflicts of interest are handled in accordance with the company's framework for governance  consisting out of a code of conduct  policies and guidelines. Derogation from the guidelines The board may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the compensation committee's tasks include preparing the board's resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines. Description of material changes to the guidelines and how the views of shareholders' have been taken into consideration The content of the guidelines has been reviewed and adapted to the legal requirements imposed by Directive (EU) 2017/828 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2007/36/ EC as regards encouragement of the long-term shareholder engagement. Remunerations previously decided but not yet due At the time of the annual general meeting on 18 April 2023  Concentric has no unsettled obligations of remuneration  except ongoing obligations to senior executives in accordance with the principles of remuneration described in the annual report. Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 14) The board proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53a of the Swedish Companies Act. Resolution on performance based incentive programme (LTI 2023) (item 15) General The board believes that an incentive programme that is connected to the company's profits  and at the same time its increase in value  will award and foster the long-term growth of the company. Further  an incentive programme will contribute to the ability of the company to retain and recruit key employees within the group. Considering the above  the board proposes a long-term performance based incentive programme (""LTI 2023"") under which senior executives and key employees will be entitled to receive performance shares that entitle the participants to receive shares in the company under the terms and conditions set out below. The board's intention is that the incentive programme will run over a long-term period  thus the board intends to propose the general meeting in the coming years to resolve upon similar incentive programmes. To be able to implement LTI 2023 in a cost-efficient and flexible manner  the board has considered various methods for transferring shares under LTI 2023  such as repurchase and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023  transfer of warrants entitling to subscription of new shares  or share swap agreement with a third party. The board has also taken into consideration that delivery of shares under LTI 2023 will be made no earlier than 2026. In order to retain full flexibility  the board proposes that shares can be delivered with any of the above three alternate methods (in accordance with the proposals below and the board's proposal on directed issue and transfer of warrants and the board's proposal on acquisition and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023  with the right for the board to combine or choose any of the methods. The proposal Concentric has implemented LTI programmes on an annual basis since 2012. The LTI programme has enabled Concentric to offer a competitive total reward package necessary to attract and retain employees who are critical to Concentric's ongoing success. The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on the implementation of a long-term incentive programme  LTI 2023  principally based on the following conditions and principles. LTI 2023 shall comprise the CEO  up to 11 senior executives and 25 other key employees (total of 37 employees). Each participant will free of charge receive a performance share award under LTI 2023 ("" LTIP Award"") entitling the participant to receive an allocation of a number of Concentric shares free of charge from Concentric or from a designated third party  subject to the satisfaction of the performance conditions set out under the heading ""Performance criteria"" below  as well as the condition in item 5 below (""Performance Shares""). Any Performance Shares will be allocated after the expiration of the three-year vesting period  which begins on the date decided by Concentric and notified to the participant in LTI 2023 and continues until the day of publication of the interim report for Q1 of the 2026 financial year (the ""Vesting Period""). Offer of participation in LTI 2023 can be offered up to and including 31 May 2023 . Within LTI 2023  the value of the underlying shares at the time of grant in respect of each LTIP Award will amount to ( i ) for the CEO a value of up to 100 per cent of his annual base salary  (ii) for 11 other senior executives a value of up to 40 per cent of their respective annual base salary  and (iii) for a total of 25 other key employees a value of up to 20 per cent of their respective annual base salary. References to the annual base salary means the participant's base salary effective from 1 April 2023.The share price used to calculate the value of the underlying shares in respect of each LTIP Award  and hence the number of shares to which each LTIP Award entitles  shall be SEK 226.60 (""Input Value"")  which equals to the average of each trading day's volume weighted average share price on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from 9 February 2023 to 22 February 2023 (inclusive)  rounded to the nearest ten öre . Receiving the Performance Shares is subject to the participant remaining employed in the Concentric group (with certain exceptions decided by the board) throughout the three-year lock-up period  thus up to and including the date of receiving the Performance Shares. The board shall be authorised to resolve on a premature allocation of the Performance Shares ( i ) if a person  alone or together with related parties  acquires such number of shares in the company that it  in accordance with applicable rules  gives rise to an obligation to announce a mandatory offer to acquire all outstanding shares in the company or (ii) for individual participants based on individual circumstances  or (iii) if premature allocation is otherwise deemed to be suitable or appropriate  taking into account performance achieved to the date of premature allocation. The number of Performance Shares that may be transferred to participants in LTI 2023 may be recalculated due to a bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or any similar event  by applying the recalculation principles applicable on the warrants proposed to the general meeting under the board's proposal on directed issue of warrants. In addition  the board may adjust the performance criteria due to circumstances affecting comparability of key figures  e . g . non-recurring events such as acquisitions  divestments and similar. The board shall decide on the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2023. The board shall be entitled to deviate from or adjust the terms and conditions as a result of local regulations and practice. LTI 2023 comprises a maximum of 105 000 Performance Shares. Performance criteria The portion (if any) of an LTIP Award that will vest at the end of the Vesting Period is based on and subject to the satisfaction of the performance conditions set out below during the 2023  2024  and 2025 financial years  i.e. during the period 1 January 2023 up to and including 31 December 2025 (""Performance Period""). The percentage weighting between the different performance conditions is stated below and the outcome for each performance condition will be determined individually. This means  inter alia  that all performance conditions do not have to be fulfilled for allocation of Performance Shares to take place. Earnings per share 40 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the accumulated earnings per Concentric share (""EPS"") during the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to EPS will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to EPS will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to EPS will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the EPS will occur. Return on capital employed 40 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the average return on capital employed (""ROCE"") during the years covered by the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to ROCE will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to ROCE will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to ROCE will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the ROCE will occur. Sustainability 20 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the revenue from the sale of electrical products as a percentage of total group revenue (""ESG Target"") at the end of the final year of the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to the ESG Target will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to ESG Target will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to ESG Target will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the ESG Target will occur. Authorisation to enter into a swap agreement The company's supply of shares to the participants under LTI 2023 may be made by instructing a third party to deliver Concentric shares under a swap agreement. In accordance with this  the board proposes that the general meeting resolve to authorise the board to enter into a swap agreement regarding own shares. Thus  it is proposed that the financial exposure of LTI 2023 may be hedged by the company entering into a share swap agreement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall acquire and transfer Concentric shares to participants in LTI 2023. Costs The LTI 2023 may result in annual costs of no more than MSEK 7.1 for the company if the performance criteria are fully met  and an annual 15 per cent share price growth is assumed. In addition to this  social security charges will apply upon allocation of the Performance Shares  in the year 2026. Social security charges may amount to no more than MSEK 1.5 annually  based on the above assumptions. Preparation of the matter The board's proposal on LTI 2023 has been prepared by the board. Resolution on a directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants (item 16) The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on a directed issue of warrants with the right to subscribe for new shares in the company  in accordance with the below proposal. The board's proposal entails that the general meeting shall decide on a directed issue of 105 000 warrants with the right to subscription of new shares in the company  principally in accordance with the following conditions. The warrants are issued free of charge. Each warrant will give the right to subscribe for one new share in the company  thus the share capital of the company can increase with a maximum of SEK 266 700 if the warrants are fully utilised. The right to subscribe for warrants shall  with a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted the company's fully owned subsidiary Concentric Skånes Fagerhult AB. Subscription to the warrants shall be made no later than June 30  2023   with the board reserving the right to extend this time limit. The warrants can be exercised to subscribe for shares in the company from the registration of the warrants with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and up to and including December 31  2026 . A warrant entitles its holder to subscribe for one new share in the company for a subscription price corresponding to the share's quota value  SEK 2.54 . The new shares issued under the warrants shall entitle to dividend as from the first record date for dividend to occur after the registration of the new shares with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The number of shares issued under each warrant may be recalculated in accordance with recalculation principles due to a bonus issue  share split or consolidation  rights issue and/or any similar event. Reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right The reason for deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the company wishes to implement an incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the group  by which they can be offered the opportunity to take part in an increase in the company's share value. Dilution At full utilisation of the warrants  the number of outstanding shares in the company will increase by 105 000. These shares constitute 0.3 per cent of the number of shares and votes after full dilution  calculated as the number of new shares in relation to the number of existing and new shares in the company. Together with outstanding warrants under previous incentive programs  the warrants will result in a combined dilution of approximately 0.5 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes in the company. If the proposed warrants had been fully utilised throughout 2022  the company's basic and diluted earnings per share for the financial year 2022 would have been SEK 13.20 and SEK 13.14 per share respectively on a pro forma basis  instead of SEK 13.20 and SEK 13.18 per share respectively as reported. In the event that repurchased shares  or shares transferred by a third party under a swap agreement  (in accordance with the board's proposal for acquisition and transfer of own shares and the board's proposal of LTI 2023  respectively) are fully or partly transferred to the participants in LTI 2023 instead of warrants  the dilution will be reduced. Transfer of the warrants Furthermore  the board proposes that the general meeting resolve to approve that Concentric Skånes Fagerhult AB  on one or more occasions  may transfer warrants to a third party for reassignment of shares to the participants in LTI 2023 in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2023  and dispose of the warrants in order to cover costs related to  or fulfil obligations occurring under  LTI 2023. Preparation of the matter The board's proposal has been prepared by the board. Special authorisation and condition for resolution The board proposes that the board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments to the above proposed resolution that may be necessary upon registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or due to any other formal requirement. The board proposes that a resolution under this proposal be subject to the general meeting having resolved to pass the board's proposal on LTI 2023 under item 15 on the agenda. Resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares  authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares  and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023 (items 17.a-17.c) Proposal for a resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares (item 17.a) The board proposes that the general meeting authorises the board to resolve on repurchase of own shares on one or several occasions during the period up to the annual general meeting 2024 in accordance with the following. Acquisition of own shares must be made on Nasdaq Stockholm. Own shares may be acquired to the extent the company's holdings of own shares in total amounts to no more than one tenth of all shares in the company. Acquisition of own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made in cash and at a price within the stock market price interval registered at any given time  such interval being the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest sales price. The reasons for the proposed authorisation to repurchase own shares are to be able to improve the company's capital structure and to enable share transfers in accordance with the board's proposals for authorisation for the board to transfer own shares and for previous and proposed resolution on transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2020-2023  to increase the flexibility for the board in connection to potential future corporate acquisitions  as well as to cover costs for LTI 2020-2023 and enable delivery of shares in accordance with LTI 2020-2023. References made to LTI 2020-2022 includes the JSOP and Employee Share Ownership Trust. Proposal for a resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares (item 17.b) The board proposes that the general meeting authorises the board to resolve on transfer of own shares on one or several occasions during the period up to the annual general meeting 2024 in accordance with the following. Transfer of own shares must be made either on Nasdaq Stockholm or in another manner. Transfer of own shares may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The maximum number of shares that may be transferred is the total number of own shares held by the company at the time of the board's resolution to transfer the shares. Transfer of own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price within the stock market price interval registered at any given time  such interval being the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest sales price; transfer of own shares in another manner shall be made at a minimum price that shall be determined in close connection with the shares' quoted price at the time of the board's resolution to transfer the shares. Payment for the transferred shares may be made in cash  by contribution in kind or by set-off. The board is entitled to determine the other terms and conditions of the transfer which  however  shall be in accordance with the market practice. The reasons for the proposed authorisation to transfer own shares and for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights are to be able to improve the company's capital structure  to cover costs relating to LTI 2020-2023 (including costs related to the JSOP) as well as to increase the flexibility of the board in connection to potential future corporate acquisitions  by facilitating a fast and cost-efficient financing by divesting holdings of own shares. Proposal for a resolution on transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023 (item 17.c) The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on transfer of own shares in accordance with the following. The maximum number of shares that may be transferred is 105 000. The participants in LTI 2023 are  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  entitled to receive the shares with right for each of the participants to receive no more than the maximum number of shares allowed under the terms and conditions for LTI 2023. The participants' right to receive shares is conditional upon the fulfilment of all of the conditions set up in LTI 2023. The shares must be transferred within the time period set out in the terms and conditions of LTI 2023. The shares shall be transferred free of charge as established under the terms and conditions of LTI 2023. The number of shares that may be transferred to the participants in LTI 2023 may be recalculated due to bonus issue  share split  rights issue and similar events in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2023. The reason for the proposed transfer and for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable delivery of shares under LTI 2023. The board proposes that a resolution under this proposal be subject to the general meeting having resolved to pass the board's proposal on LTI 2023 under item 15 on the agenda. Majority requirements Resolutions under items 17.a (authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares) and 17.b (authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares) will not be valid unless supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting. Resolutions under items 16 (directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants) and 17.c (transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023) will not be valid unless supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting. Documents All documents in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) will be available at the company's legal counsel  Advokatfirman Lindahl  at Nybrogatan 17 in Stockholm and on the company's website www.concentricab.com no later than as from Tuesday  March 28  2023 and will be sent  immediately and free of charge to the recipient  to those shareholders who so request and state their postal address. Information If so requested by any shareholder and if the board deems it possible without significant detriment to the company  the board and CEO must provide information at the general meeting about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation  the group accounts and the company's relation to other companies within the group. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may send them to Victoria Skoglund  Concentric AB  Box 5898  102 40 Stockholm  Sweden. Shares and votes As per the day of this notice  the number of shares and votes in the company totals 38 297 600 respectively of which the company holds 108 153 shares. In addition to this  209 947 shares have been transferred to an employee share ownership trust. Processing of personal data For information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf Concentric AB (publ) The board of directors CONTACT: For additional information please contact Marcus Whitehouse  telephone +44-121-445 6545 The following files are available for download: https://mb.cision.com/Main/1643/3732959/1910204.pdf Release View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-concentric-301771193.html SOURCE Concentric AB© PRNewswire 2023 All news about CONCENTRIC AB (PUBL) 03/14 Annual general meeting in concentric PR 03/14 Annual general meeting in concentric AQ 03/06 Nyxoah Submits First Premarket Approval Application Module for Sleep Device in US MT 02/23 Accused LGBTQ club shooter to stand trial in Colorado for murder  hate crimes RE 02/08 Transcript : Concentric AB  Q4 2022 Earnings Call  Feb 08  2023 CI 02/08 Concentric interim report january - december 2022 AQ 02/08 Concentric AB Reports Earnings Results for the Fourth Quarter Ended December 31  2022 CI 02/08 Concentric AB Provides Sales Guidance for the First Quarter of 2023 CI 02/08 Concentric AB Proposes Dividend for the Full Year 2022 CI 01/30 Alfa Laval JV Bags SEK2 Billion Contract to Supply Electric Disc Separators MT",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'CONCENTRIC', 'Post- och Inrikes Tidningar', 'The Concentric AB board', 'multiple email addresses', 'Swedish Official Gazette', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Such electronic votes', 'equivalent authority document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'postal voting form', 'postal vote', 'telephone number', 'voting rights', 'special form', 'completed form', 'dated form', 'Further details', 'Klara strand', 'ta Clara', 'share register', 'due time', 'contact information', 'nomination committee', 'legal entity', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', '91 33 business days', 'registration procedure', 'registration certificate', 'First name', 'legal person', 'separate notice', 'proxy form', 'company name', 'company Shareholders', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'REDDITCH', 'England', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'directors', 'April', 'proposals', 'website', 'next', 'Tuesday', 'Klarabergsviadukten', 'Stockholm', '12.30 CET', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'articles', 'association', 'notification', 'Thursday', 'intention', 'Wednesday', 'writing', 'Box', '9.00 CET', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'attendance', 'shares', 'advisors', 'participation', 'Nominee', 'order', 'bank', 'broker', 'items', 'agenda', 'verification', 'vpc', 'appendices', 'original', 'advance', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Anyone', 'possession', 'signed', 'Forms', 'copy', '13.00', '16.00']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20468,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVLI-OYJ-135770475/news/Decisions-taken-by-Evli-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-and-organizational-meeting-of-Board-of-Director-43239762/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Decisions taken by Evli Plc's Annual General Meeting and organizational meeting of Board of Directors on March 14  2023,(marketscreener.com) EVLI PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MARCH 14  2023 AT 1:30 PM EET/EEST Evli Plc's Annual General Meeting on March 14  2023 approved the financial statements and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the company's CEO from liabi…,EVLI PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MARCH 14  2023 AT 1:30 PM EET/EESTEvli Plc's Annual General Meeting on March 14  2023 approved the financial statements and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the company's CEO from liability for the financial year 2022.The Annual General Meeting approved the Board of Directors' proposal to pay a dividend for the financial year 2022 for the amount of EUR 0.80 per share  in addition to which EUR 0.35 per share will be distributed from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity. The dividend and the distribution from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity will be paid to shareholders who are entered in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date on March 16  2023. The distribution will be paid on March 23  2023.The Annual General Meeting approved the Remuneration Report 2022 of the Company’s governing bodies.Board of Directors and AuditorThe Annual General Meeting decided that the Board of Directors will consist of six (6) members. The present members of the Board of Directors Henrik Andersin  Fredrik Hacklin  Sari Helander  Robert Ingman and Antti Kuljukka were re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Christina Dahlblom was elected as a new member.It was decided that the following remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Board of Directors: EUR 5 000.00 per month to the Members of the Board  EUR 6 000.00 per month to the Chairmen of the Board Committees and EUR 7 500.00 per month to the Chairman of the Board.The auditing firm Ernst & Young Oy (EY) was elected as the company's auditor and Miikka Hietala  Authorized Public Accountant  as the principally responsible auditor. The auditor shall be paid remuneration according to a reasonable invoice approved by the company.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company's own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company's own series A and series B shares in one or more tranches as follows:The total number of own series A shares to be acquired may be a maximum of 1 448 515 shares  and the total number of own series B shares to be acquired may be a maximum of 1 179 015 shares. The proposed number of shares represents approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company on the date of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting.Based on the authorization  the company's own shares may only be acquired with unrestricted equity.The Board of Directors will decide how the company's own shares will be acquired. Financial instruments such as derivatives may be used in the purchasing. The company's own shares may be acquired in other proportion than the shareholders' proportional shareholdings (private purchase). Shares may be acquired through public trading at the prevailing market price formed for the series B shares in public trading on the Nasdaq Helsinki Oy on the date of acquisition.The authorization will replace earlier unused authorizations to acquire the company's own shares. The authorization will be in force until the next Annual General Meeting but no later than until June 30  2024.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares pursuant to Chapter 10  section 1  of the Companies Act in one or more tranches  for a fee or free of charge.Based on the authorization  the number of shares issued or transferred  including shares received based on special rights  may total a maximum of 2 627 530 series B shares. The proposed number of shares represents approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company on the date of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting. Of the above-mentioned total number  however  a maximum of 262 753 shares may be used as part of the company's share-based incentive schemes  representing approximately one (1) percent of all the shares of the company on the date of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting.The authorization will entitle the Board of Directors to decide on all the terms and conditions related to the issuing of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights. The Board of Directors may decide to issue either new shares or any own shares in the possession of the company.The authorization will replace earlier unused authorizations concerning the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorization is proposed to be in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting but no longer than until June 30  2024.Amendment of the Articles of Association with regard to the arrangements for the General Meeting of ShareholdersThe Annual General Meeting decided to add to the Articles of Association the possibility to alternatively attend the General Meeting remotely during the meeting (hybrid meeting) or without a physical meeting place (remote meeting). The amendment was made to Article 10 (Notice Convening the General Meeting of Shareholders) of the Articles of Association.New article in the Articles of Association:“Article 10 § Notice Convening the General Meeting of ShareholdersA notice convening the general meeting of shareholders shall be published on the company’s website and as a stock exchange release no earlier than three (3) months before and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting. The notice shall  however  be announced at least nine (9) days before the record date of the general meeting of shareholders. The board of directors may at their discretion decide to publish notice of the general meeting of shareholders in one or several newspapers.The Board of Directors may decide that a shareholder may also participate in the General Meeting by exercising his/her right to vote by means of a telecommunication link and technical aid before or during the meeting (hybrid meeting). The Board of Directors may also decide that the general meeting is to be held without a meeting venue so that shareholders exercise their decision-making power fully and in a timely manner during the meeting by means of telecommunication and technical aids (remote meeting).”The minutes of the meeting will be available on www.evli.com/agm2023 as of March 28  2023 at the latest.Decisions by the organizational meeting of the Board of DirectorsThe organizational meeting of the Board of Directors elected from among its members Henrik Andersin as its Chairman and Antti Kuljukka as its Vice Chairman. Sari Helander was elected Chairman and Robert Ingman and Antti Kuljukka as members of the Audit and Risk Committee. Fredrik Hacklin was elected as Chairman and Henrik Andersin and Christina Dahlblom as members of the Compensation Committee.Christina Dahlblom  Fredrik Hacklin  Sari Helander and Antti Kuljukka are independent of both the company and significant shareholders.EVLI PLCBoard of directorsAdditional information:Juho Mikola  CFO  Evli Plc  tel. +358 (0)40 717 8888  juho.mikola@evli.comEvli PlcWe see wealth as an engine to drive progress. We draw on our heritage  broad expertise and Nordic values to grow and manage wealth for institutions  corporations and private persons in a responsible way.We are the leading asset manager in Finland* offering a broad range of services including mutual funds  asset management and capital markets services  alternative investment products  equity research  share plan design and administration as well as Corporate Finance services. Responsible investing is integrated in every investment decision and our expertise is widely acknowledged by our clients. Evli has Finland's best expertise in responsible investment**.Evli Group employs around 300 professionals and Evli has a total of EUR 16.0 billion in client assets under management (net 12/2022). Evli Plc’s B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.* Kantar Prospera External Asset Management Finland 2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2021  Kantar Prospera Private Banking 2019  2020 Finland** SFR Scandinavian Financial Research Institutional Investment Services Finland 2021  2022Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  main media  www.evli.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'organizational meeting', 'Evli Plc', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'March', 'EVLI PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights"", 'prevailing market price', 'earlier unused authorizations', 'share-based incentive schemes', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'Authorized Public Accountant', ""shareholders' proportional shareholdings"", 'other special rights', 'series B shares', 'series A shares', 'The Board', 'Young Oy', 'other proportion', 'public trading', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'unrestricted equity', 'shareholder register', 'governing bodies', 'Henrik Andersin', 'Fredrik Hacklin', 'Sari Helander', 'Robert Ingman', 'Antti Kuljukka', 'Christina Dahlblom', 'new member', 'auditing firm', 'Miikka Hietala', 'reasonable invoice', 'Financial instruments', 'private purchase', 'Companies Act', 'Remuneration Report', 'following remuneration', 'total number', 'new shares', 'six (6) members', 'present members', 'responsible auditor', 'record date', 'Board Committees', ""Directors' proposal"", 'one (1) percent', '1,448,515 shares', '1,179,015 shares', '262,753 shares', '10 percent', 'MARCH', 'company', 'CEO', 'liability', 'amount', 'addition', 'reserve', 'distribution', 'month', 'Chairmen', 'Chairman', 'Ernst', 'EY', 'acquisition', 'tranches', 'maximum', 'Notice', 'derivatives', 'purchasing', 'force', 'June', 'issuance', 'options', 'Chapter', 'section', 'fee', 'charge', 'part', 'terms', 'conditions', 'issuing', 'possession', 'end', 'Articles', 'Association', 'regard', 'arrangements', 'possibility', '1:30']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20469,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-concentric-301771193.html,ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN CONCENTRIC,REDDITCH  England  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Concentric AB board of directors has resolved to convene an annual general meeting of shareholders to be held Tuesday  April 18  2023. Further details on the proposals can be found in the notice convening …,"REDDITCH  England  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Concentric AB board of directors has resolved to convene an annual general meeting of shareholders to be held Tuesday  April 18  2023. Further details on the proposals can be found in the notice convening the meeting  below.The notice is expected to be published in the Swedish Official Gazette (Post- och Inrikes Tidningar) and on the company's website within the next few days.Annual general meeting in concentric ABThe annual general meeting of Concentric AB will be held at 13.00 CET on Tuesday  April 18  2023 at Klara strand  S:ta Clara  Klarabergsviadukten 90  in Stockholm. Registration begins at 12.30 CET.The board has resolved  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act and the company's articles of association  that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by postal voting prior to the general meeting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.Right to attend and notification to the companyShareholders wishing to attend the general meeting must:i. be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  as of Thursday  April 6  2023; andii. notify the company of their intention to participate in the general meeting no later than on Wednesday  April 12  2023.Notice may be submitted in writing to the company at the address Concentric AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone to +46 8 402 91 33 business days between 9.00 CET and 16.00 CET  on the company's website  www.concentricab.com or by e-mail to [email protected]. On giving notice of attendance  the shareholder should state the shareholder's name (company name)  personal identity number (corporate identity number)  address  telephone number and number of shares. The registration procedure described above also applies to registration for any advisors. A shareholder that exercises its voting rights through a postal voting form does not have to send in a separate notice of participation  see below under postal voting.Nominee registered sharesIn order to participate in the general meeting  those whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must request their bank or broker to have their shares owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB as of Wednesday  April 12  2023 and the bank or broker should therefore be notified in due time before said date. This registration may be made temporarily.Postal votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by postal voting. A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website www.concentricab.com. The voting form can also be obtained from the company or by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB at the contact information above. For the items on the agenda where the board or the nomination committee have submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the postal voting form. A shareholder can also abstain from voting on any item.The completed voting form must be received by the company no later than on Wednesday  April 12  2023. The postal voting form is valid as a notification to the general meeting. Shareholders can  through verification with BankID  cast their postal vote electronically via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Wednesday  April 12  2023.The completed form  including any appendices  must be sent by e-mail to [email protected] or alternatively by post in original to Concentric AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or an equivalent authority document  shall be enclosed to the form. The same applies if the shareholder votes in advance by proxy.The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions and conditions are included in the postal voting form.Proxy and proxy formAnyone who does not attend the general meeting in person may exercise their right at the general meeting via a proxy in possession of a signed and dated form of proxy. The same applies if a shareholder exercises its voting rights by postal voting. Forms of proxy are available on the company's website www.concentricab.com. The form of proxy may also be obtained from the company or by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB at contact information above. If the proxy is issued by a legal person  a copy of their registration certificate or equivalent authority document must be attached. The proxy must have been issued within the past year unless a longer period of validity is specified on the form of proxy  subject to a maximum of five years. To facilitate entry to the general meeting  forms of proxy  registration certificates and other documentary authority must be received by the company well in advance before the general meeting.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the general meeting2. Election of chair of the general meeting3. Drawing up and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes6. Determination of whether the general meeting was duly convened7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated auditor's report8. Resolutions on:a. adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriation of the company's result according to the adopted balance sheet and on record date for dividend; andc. discharge of personal liability for the board members and the CEO for the financial year 20229. Resolution on the number of board members10. Resolution on fees to the board members and the auditor11. Election of the board members and chair of the board12. Election of auditor13. Resolution on approval of guidelines for salaries and other remuneration14. Resolution on approval of remuneration report15. Resolution on performance based incentive programme (LTI 2023)16. Resolution on a directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants17. Resolution on:a. authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares;b. authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares; andc. transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 202318. Closing of the general meetingProposed resolutionsElection of chair of the general meeting (item 2)The nomination committee proposes that Anders Nielsen  or if he is prevented from attending  the person the nomination committee proposes in his place  be elected chair of the general meeting.Resolution on appropriation of the company's result according to the adopted balance sheet and on record date for dividend (item 8.b)The general meeting has at its disposal profits carried forward of SEK 2 109 842 000  which is increased with the net profit for the year of SEK 84 193 000. Thus  the general meeting has in total a non-restricted equity of SEK 2 194 035 000 at its disposal.The board proposes a dividend for the financial year 2022 of SEK 4.00 per share  totaling SEK 151 918 000 (shares held by the company and shares held by the Employee Share Ownership Trust are excluded from dividend) and that the balance of SEK 2 042 117 000 is carried forward.As record date for the dividend the board proposes Thursday  April 20  2023. Subject to the resolution by the general meeting in accordance with this proposal  the cash dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday  April 25  2023.Resolution on the number of board members (item 9)The nomination committee proposes that the board shall be composed of seven board members elected at the general meeting  with no alternates  for the period until the next annual general meeting.Resolution on fees to the board members and the auditor (item 10)The nomination committee proposes that fees to the board members for the period up to and including the annual general meeting 2024 are paid in accordance with the resolution of the 2022 annual general meeting  i.e. that the fees to the board members are proposed to remain unchanged. Thus  a fixed fee of a total of SEK 3 650 000 is proposed  of which the chair of the board will receive SEK 900 000 and other board members will receive SEK 375 000. In addition  the chair of the compensation committee will receive SEK 125 000 and member of the compensation committee will receive SEK 50 000. Further  the nomination committee proposes that the chair of the audit committee will receive SEK 175 000 and member of said committee will receive SEK 75 000.The nomination committee proposes that fees to the auditor for services performed are to be paid against  by the company  approved account.Election of the board members and chair of the board (item 11)The nomination committee proposes re-election of the board members Karin Gunnarsson  Anders Nielsen  Susanna Schneeberger  Martin Sköld  Claes Magnus Åkesson  Petra Sundström and Joachim Rosenberg until the next annual general meeting. It is proposed that Anders Nielsen be re-elected chair of the board until the next annual general meeting.Information about the proposed board members can be found on the company's website www.concentricab.com.Election of auditor (item 12)The nomination committee proposes that the company shall have one auditor with no alternate. The nomination committee proposes  according to the audit committee's recommendation  re-election of the registered accounting firm KPMG AB as the company's auditor until the end of the annual general meeting 2024. KPMG AB has notified the company that Joakim Thilstedt  authorised public accountant  will continue to be the auditor-in-charge of the company.Resolution on approval of guidelines for salaries and other remuneration (item 13)The board proposes that the general meeting adopts the following guidelines for the establishment of salaries and other compensation to directors  the chief executive officer (""CEO"") and other senior executives. The group of senior executives encompassed by these guidelines comprises the CEO and other members of the group executive management who report directly to the CEO and have strategic accountability for business unit operations and governance matters directed by the board. These guidelines will be valid for agreements entered into after the general meeting's resolution and for changes made to existing agreements thereafter. These guidelines do not apply to any director fees decided or approved by the general meeting or such issues and transfers as are covered by Chapter 16 in the Swedish Companies Act.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityIn short  the company's business strategy is the following:Concentric is one of the world's leading pump manufacturers. The company seeks to deliver sustainable growth for every application in the markets it serves. The company aims to improve fuel economy  reduce emissions and improve engine control through our technical solutions and precision engineering.The company creates value for its customers through:Developing world class technology with innovative solutions that meet the demands of our customers and end markets;Selling locally to the company's global customers by capitalising on our global infrastructure and teams; andEmbedding business excellence in all that the company does.The company's people is the most valuable asset and the Company aims to leverage and nurture the unique skills of the teams across the globe through a strong and inclusive corporate culture.The company aims to deliver strong and sustainable shareholder returns and target growth both organically and through acquisitions which deliver complementary technologies.For more information regarding the company's business strategy  please see www.concentricinvestors.com.It is of fundamental importance to the company and its shareholders that these guidelines  in both a short and long term perspective  enable the company to attract and retain senior executives and other employees with excellent competence. The purpose of these guidelines is to increase transparency in remuneration issues and through relevant remuneration structures create incentives for senior executives  to execute strategic plans and deliver effective operational results to support the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability. To obtain this it is important to sustain fair and internally balanced terms that are at the same time competitive on the market with respect to structure  scope and compensation levels. These guidelines enable the company  regardless of geographical market  to offer the senior executives a competitive total compensation.Remuneration and remuneration formsThe terms of employment for senior executives should consist of a balanced combination of fixed remuneration  annual bonus  pension and other benefits and terms for dismissal/severance payment. Furthermore  the board may prepare and the general meeting resolve on  share and share-price related incentive programmes. Such a combination of compensation fosters and supports well-functioning management and achievement of objectives in both a short and long-term perspective.The remuneration should be based on performance and be competitive.The various types of remuneration that may be paid out are described below. As a share of the total compensation the following guidance shall apply:Fixed remuneration 50%Annual bonus 25%LTI 25%The total compensation of the senior executives is evaluated against relevant (geographical and industry) market data to maintain fair and balanced terms which are at the same time competitive within the market.Fixed remunerationThe fixed remuneration shall be individually determined and shall be based on each individual's responsibility and role as well as the individual's competence and experience in the relevant position.Annual bonusSenior executives have an annual bonus that is payable after each year end. The annual bonus is structured as a variable part of the total compensation. Bonus objectives shall primarily be based on the outcomes of financial objectives for the entire company as well as clearly defined individual objectives with respect to specific assignments. The latter is to ensure that the senior executive also focuses on non-financial objectives of specific interest. The financial and non-financial objectives shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy  long-term interests  including its sustainability.The financial objectives for the company shall be established by the board annually in order to ensure that they are in line with the company's business strategy and profit targets. On behalf of the board  the compensation committee establishes the financial objectives for individual units proposed by the CEO. The compensation committee shall make its annual evaluation based on the latest financial information made public by the company.The individual objectives for senior executives are set up to a maximum of 4 which account for between 15 and 30 per cent of the total annual bonus award. Individual objectives will focus on strategic targets related to people  revenue growth in all economies and accelerating technology.The individual objectives for the CEO are directly aligned to strategic growth and development of the business and are agreed by the compensation committee. In turn  the individual objectives for the senior executives have the same focus and alignment to ensure flow-down through each business and function. The individual objectives are proposed by the senior executives in agreement with the CEO  with final approval from the compensation committee. At the end of the bonus period  each senior executive will provide an evidence-based assessment of their performance against individual objectives for agreement and approval by the CEO. The CEO's assessment of performance will be agreed and approved by the compensation committee.The part of the total compensation consisting of the annual bonus varies depending on position and may be up to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed remuneration at full objectives achievement. The bonus objectives are constructed so that no bonus will be paid if a certain minimum performance level is not achieved. All bonus schemes within the organisation are discretionary and payable only after approval by the compensation committee unless payment is guaranteed by an existing legal agreement or contract.The board of directors  under exceptional circumstances  may limit or cancel payments of variable remuneration provided that such actions are deemed reasonable (malus). The board of directors shall also have the possibility  under local law or contractual provisions and subject to the restrictions thereof  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (clawback).Remuneration payable to directorsIn certain cases directors elected by the general meeting should be able to receive fees and other remuneration for work carried out on the company's behalf  alongside their board work. Fees at market rates  to be approved by the Board  may be payable for such services.PensionWhen entering into new pension agreements with senior executives who are entitled to pension  the pension shall be based on defined contribution plans. Senior executives retire in accordance with local regulations on pension.As a main principle  pension contributions are based solely on fixed remuneration and the pension scheme(s) in operation will be appropriate to comply with governing local legislation. Senior executives in the UK are invited to participate in a defined contribution plan which sets 12 per cent employer contribution rate. Senior executives in the USA participate in a 401(k) pension scheme. The company ensures adherence to the scheme rules of each plan.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Other benefitsOther benefits  such as company car  compensation for healthcare and health and medical insurance shall form a minor part of the total compensation and shall correspond to what may be deemed market practice on each relevant market.For employments governed by other law than Swedish  other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Special remunerationFurther variable remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are limited in time and do not exceed 36 months  and may only be made on an individual basis  either for the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives  or to induce individuals to move to new places of service or accept new positions or as remuneration for extraordinary performance beyond the individual's ordinary tasks. Further  the total compensation must not exceed an amount equivalent to two times the remuneration the individual would have received in the absence of an agreement on special remunerations. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board based on a proposal from the compensation committee.Long-Term Incentive ProgrammeIn order to foster a long-term perspective in the decision-making and to ensure long-term achievement of objectives  the board may propose the general meeting to resolve on long-term incentive programmes.The board uses long-term incentives in order to ensure that senior executives within the company have a long-term interest in a stable value increase of the Concentric share  which support the company's business strategy  including its sustainability. By implementing an incentive programme that is connected to the company's profits and at the same time its increase in value  the long-term growth of the company is rewarded and fostered. Further  long-term incentive programmes also aim to make the company a more attractive employer  which contributes to the company's ability to retain key employees within the group as well as to recruit new key employees.As all such long-term incentive programmes are proposed by the board and voted at a general meeting in the company  these remuneration guidelines do not apply to such long-term incentive programmes.For more information about the company's long-term incentive programmes  including the criteria that outcomes are based on  refer to www.concentricinvestors.com. Target fulfilment is reported in the company's annual reports and is also available at the company's website.The board nominates participants for long-term incentive programmes and the board will evaluate whether or not long-term incentive programmes will be proposed at future general meetings.Terms for dismissal etc.Terms for dismissal and severance pay shall correspond to what may be deemed market practice on each relevant market. The CEO has a notice period of 12 months. Other senior executives have a notice period up to 6 months. In addition hereto  agreement may be made with senior executives on severance pay upon termination of employment by the company  corresponding to a maximum of 12 months' fixed remuneration.Remuneration and employment conditions for other employeesIn the preparation of the boards' proposal for these guidelines  remuneration and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the compensation committee's and the board's basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The development of the gap between the remuneration to senior executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed annually in the company's remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe board and its compensation committee resolve on the structures of remuneration systems  as well as levels and forms of remuneration to senior executives. The board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The compensation committee shall monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company.The members of the compensation committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the board's processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters. Conflicts of interest are counteracted in all decisions and any potential conflicts of interest are handled in accordance with the company's framework for governance  consisting out of a code of conduct  policies and guidelines.Derogation from the guidelinesThe board may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the compensation committee's tasks include preparing the board's resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of material changes to the guidelines and how the views of shareholders' have been taken into considerationThe content of the guidelines has been reviewed and adapted to the legal requirements imposed by Directive (EU) 2017/828 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2007/36/ EC as regards encouragement of the long-term shareholder engagement.Remunerations previously decided but not yet dueAt the time of the annual general meeting on 18 April 2023  Concentric has no unsettled obligations of remuneration  except ongoing obligations to senior executives in accordance with the principles of remuneration described in the annual report.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 14)The board proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on performance based incentive programme (LTI 2023) (item 15)GeneralThe board believes that an incentive programme that is connected to the company's profits  and at the same time its increase in value  will award and foster the long-term growth of the company. Further  an incentive programme will contribute to the ability of the company to retain and recruit key employees within the group.Considering the above  the board proposes a long-term performance based incentive programme (""LTI 2023"") under which senior executives and key employees will be entitled to receive performance shares that entitle the participants to receive shares in the company under the terms and conditions set out below. The board's intention is that the incentive programme will run over a long-term period  thus the board intends to propose the general meeting in the coming years to resolve upon similar incentive programmes.To be able to implement LTI 2023 in a cost-efficient and flexible manner  the board has considered various methods for transferring shares under LTI 2023  such as repurchase and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023  transfer of warrants entitling to subscription of new shares  or share swap agreement with a third party. The board has also taken into consideration that delivery of shares under LTI 2023 will be made no earlier than 2026. In order to retain full flexibility  the board proposes that shares can be delivered with any of the above three alternate methods (in accordance with the proposals below and the board's proposal on directed issue and transfer of warrants and the board's proposal on acquisition and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023  with the right for the board to combine or choose any of the methods.The proposalConcentric has implemented LTI programmes on an annual basis since 2012. The LTI programme has enabled Concentric to offer a competitive total reward package necessary to attract and retain employees who are critical to Concentric's ongoing success.The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on the implementation of a long-term incentive programme  LTI 2023  principally based on the following conditions and principles.LTI 2023 shall comprise the CEO  up to 11 senior executives and 25 other key employees (total of 37 employees). Each participant will free of charge receive a performance share award under LTI 2023 ("" LTIP Award"") entitling the participant to receive an allocation of a number of Concentric shares free of charge from Concentric or from a designated third party  subject to the satisfaction of the performance conditions set out under the heading ""Performance criteria"" below  as well as the condition in item 5 below (""Performance Shares""). Any Performance Shares will be allocated after the expiration of the three-year vesting period  which begins on the date decided by Concentric and notified to the participant in LTI 2023 and continues until the day of publication of the interim report for Q1 of the 2026 financial year (the ""Vesting Period""). Offer of participation in LTI 2023 can be offered up to and including 31 May 2023 . Within LTI 2023  the value of the underlying shares at the time of grant in respect of each LTIP Award will amount to ( i ) for the CEO a value of up to 100 per cent of his annual base salary  (ii) for 11 other senior executives a value of up to 40 per cent of their respective annual base salary  and (iii) for a total of 25 other key employees a value of up to 20 per cent of their respective annual base salary. References to the annual base salary means the participant's base salary effective from 1 April 2023.The share price used to calculate the value of the underlying shares in respect of each LTIP Award  and hence the number of shares to which each LTIP Award entitles  shall be SEK 226.60 (""Input Value"")  which equals to the average of each trading day's volume weighted average share price on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from 9 February 2023 to 22 February 2023 (inclusive)  rounded to the nearest ten öre . Receiving the Performance Shares is subject to the participant remaining employed in the Concentric group (with certain exceptions decided by the board) throughout the three-year lock-up period  thus up to and including the date of receiving the Performance Shares. The board shall be authorised to resolve on a premature allocation of the Performance Shares ( i ) if a person  alone or together with related parties  acquires such number of shares in the company that it  in accordance with applicable rules  gives rise to an obligation to announce a mandatory offer to acquire all outstanding shares in the company or (ii) for individual participants based on individual circumstances  or (iii) if premature allocation is otherwise deemed to be suitable or appropriate  taking into account performance achieved to the date of premature allocation. The number of Performance Shares that may be transferred to participants in LTI 2023 may be recalculated due to a bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or any similar event  by applying the recalculation principles applicable on the warrants proposed to the general meeting under the board's proposal on directed issue of warrants. In addition  the board may adjust the performance criteria due to circumstances affecting comparability of key figures  e . g . non-recurring events such as acquisitions  divestments and similar. The board shall decide on the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2023. The board shall be entitled to deviate from or adjust the terms and conditions as a result of local regulations and practice. LTI 2023 comprises a maximum of 105 000 Performance Shares.Performance criteriaThe portion (if any) of an LTIP Award that will vest at the end of the Vesting Period is based on and subject to the satisfaction of the performance conditions set out below during the 2023  2024  and 2025 financial years  i.e. during the period 1 January 2023 up to and including 31 December 2025 (""Performance Period""). The percentage weighting between the different performance conditions is stated below and the outcome for each performance condition will be determined individually. This means  inter alia  that all performance conditions do not have to be fulfilled for allocation of Performance Shares to take place.Earnings per share40 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the accumulated earnings per Concentric share (""EPS"") during the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to EPS will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to EPS will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to EPS will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the EPS will occur.Return on capital employed40 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the average return on capital employed (""ROCE"") during the years covered by the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to ROCE will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to ROCE will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to ROCE will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the ROCE will occur.Sustainability20 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the revenue from the sale of electrical products as a percentage of total group revenue (""ESG Target"") at the end of the final year of the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to the ESG Target will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to ESG Target will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to ESG Target will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the ESG Target will occur.Authorisation to enter into a swap agreementThe company's supply of shares to the participants under LTI 2023 may be made by instructing a third party to deliver Concentric shares under a swap agreement.In accordance with this  the board proposes that the general meeting resolve to authorise the board to enter into a swap agreement regarding own shares. Thus  it is proposed that the financial exposure of LTI 2023 may be hedged by the company entering into a share swap agreement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall acquire and transfer Concentric shares to participants in LTI 2023.CostsThe LTI 2023 may result in annual costs of no more than MSEK 7.1 for the company if the performance criteria are fully met  and an annual 15 per cent share price growth is assumed. In addition to this  social security charges will apply upon allocation of the Performance Shares  in the year 2026. Social security charges may amount to no more than MSEK 1.5 annually  based on the above assumptions.Preparation of the matterThe board's proposal on LTI 2023 has been prepared by the board.Resolution on a directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants (item 16)The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on a directed issue of warrants with the right to subscribe for new shares in the company  in accordance with the below proposal.The board's proposal entails that the general meeting shall decide on a directed issue of 105 000 warrants with the right to subscription of new shares in the company  principally in accordance with the following conditions.The warrants are issued free of charge. Each warrant will give the right to subscribe for one new share in the company  thus the share capital of the company can increase with a maximum of SEK 266 700 if the warrants are fully utilised. The right to subscribe for warrants shall  with a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted the company's fully owned subsidiary Concentric Skånes Fagerhult AB. Subscription to the warrants shall be made no later than June 30  2023   with the board reserving the right to extend this time limit. The warrants can be exercised to subscribe for shares in the company from the registration of the warrants with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and up to and including December 31  2026 . A warrant entitles its holder to subscribe for one new share in the company for a subscription price corresponding to the share's quota value  SEK 2.54 . The new shares issued under the warrants shall entitle to dividend as from the first record date for dividend to occur after the registration of the new shares with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The number of shares issued under each warrant may be recalculated in accordance with recalculation principles due to a bonus issue  share split or consolidation  rights issue and/or any similar event.Reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rightThe reason for deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the company wishes to implement an incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the group  by which they can be offered the opportunity to take part in an increase in the company's share value.DilutionAt full utilisation of the warrants  the number of outstanding shares in the company will increase by 105 000. These shares constitute 0.3 per cent of the number of shares and votes after full dilution  calculated as the number of new shares in relation to the number of existing and new shares in the company. Together with outstanding warrants under previous incentive programs  the warrants will result in a combined dilution of approximately 0.5 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes in the company.If the proposed warrants had been fully utilised throughout 2022  the company's basic and diluted earnings per share for the financial year 2022 would have been SEK 13.20 and SEK 13.14 per share respectively on a pro forma basis  instead of SEK 13.20 and SEK 13.18 per share respectively as reported.In the event that repurchased shares  or shares transferred by a third party under a swap agreement  (in accordance with the board's proposal for acquisition and transfer of own shares and the board's proposal of LTI 2023  respectively) are fully or partly transferred to the participants in LTI 2023 instead of warrants  the dilution will be reduced.Transfer of the warrantsFurthermore  the board proposes that the general meeting resolve to approve that Concentric Skånes Fagerhult AB  on one or more occasions  may transfer warrants to a third party for reassignment of shares to the participants in LTI 2023 in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2023  and dispose of the warrants in order to cover costs related to  or fulfil obligations occurring under  LTI 2023.Preparation of the matterThe board's proposal has been prepared by the board.Special authorisation and condition for resolutionThe board proposes that the board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments to the above proposed resolution that may be necessary upon registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or due to any other formal requirement.The board proposes that a resolution under this proposal be subject to the general meeting having resolved to pass the board's proposal on LTI 2023 under item 15 on the agenda.Resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares  authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares  and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023 (items 17.a-17.c)Proposal for a resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares (item 17.a)The board proposes that the general meeting authorises the board to resolve on repurchase of own shares on one or several occasions during the period up to the annual general meeting 2024 in accordance with the following.Acquisition of own shares must be made on Nasdaq Stockholm. Own shares may be acquired to the extent the company's holdings of own shares in total amounts to no more than one tenth of all shares in the company. Acquisition of own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made in cash and at a price within the stock market price interval registered at any given time  such interval being the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest sales price.The reasons for the proposed authorisation to repurchase own shares are to be able to improve the company's capital structure and to enable share transfers in accordance with the board's proposals for authorisation for the board to transfer own shares and for previous and proposed resolution on transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2020-2023  to increase the flexibility for the board in connection to potential future corporate acquisitions  as well as to cover costs for LTI 2020-2023 and enable delivery of shares in accordance with LTI 2020-2023. References made to LTI 2020-2022 includes the JSOP and Employee Share Ownership Trust.Proposal for a resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares (item 17.b)The board proposes that the general meeting authorises the board to resolve on transfer of own shares on one or several occasions during the period up to the annual general meeting 2024 in accordance with the following.Transfer of own shares must be made either on Nasdaq Stockholm or in another manner. Transfer of own shares may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The maximum number of shares that may be transferred is the total number of own shares held by the company at the time of the board's resolution to transfer the shares. Transfer of own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price within the stock market price interval registered at any given time  such interval being the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest sales price; transfer of own shares in another manner shall be made at a minimum price that shall be determined in close connection with the shares' quoted price at the time of the board's resolution to transfer the shares. Payment for the transferred shares may be made in cash  by contribution in kind or by set-off. The board is entitled to determine the other terms and conditions of the transfer which  however  shall be in accordance with the market practice.The reasons for the proposed authorisation to transfer own shares and for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights are to be able to improve the company's capital structure  to cover costs relating to LTI 2020-2023 (including costs related to the JSOP) as well as to increase the flexibility of the board in connection to potential future corporate acquisitions  by facilitating a fast and cost-efficient financing by divesting holdings of own shares.Proposal for a resolution on transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023 (item 17.c)The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on transfer of own shares in accordance with the following.The maximum number of shares that may be transferred is 105 000. The participants in LTI 2023 are  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  entitled to receive the shares with right for each of the participants to receive no more than the maximum number of shares allowed under the terms and conditions for LTI 2023. The participants' right to receive shares is conditional upon the fulfilment of all of the conditions set up in LTI 2023. The shares must be transferred within the time period set out in the terms and conditions of LTI 2023. The shares shall be transferred free of charge as established under the terms and conditions of LTI 2023. The number of shares that may be transferred to the participants in LTI 2023 may be recalculated due to bonus issue  share split  rights issue and similar events in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2023.The reason for the proposed transfer and for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable delivery of shares under LTI 2023.The board proposes that a resolution under this proposal be subject to the general meeting having resolved to pass the board's proposal on LTI 2023 under item 15 on the agenda.Majority requirementsResolutions under items 17.a (authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares) and 17.b (authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares) will not be valid unless supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Resolutions under items 16 (directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants) and 17.c (transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023) will not be valid unless supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.DocumentsAll documents in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) will be available at the company's legal counsel  Advokatfirman Lindahl  at Nybrogatan 17 in Stockholm and on the company's website www.concentricab.com no later than as from Tuesday  March 28  2023 and will be sent  immediately and free of charge to the recipient  to those shareholders who so request and state their postal address.InformationIf so requested by any shareholder and if the board deems it possible without significant detriment to the company  the board and CEO must provide information at the general meeting about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation  the group accounts and the company's relation to other companies within the group. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may send them to Victoria Skoglund  Concentric AB  Box 5898  102 40 Stockholm  Sweden.Shares and votesAs per the day of this notice  the number of shares and votes in the company totals 38 297 600 respectively of which the company holds 108 153 shares. In addition to this  209 947 shares have been transferred to an employee share ownership trust.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfConcentric AB (publ)The board of directorsCONTACT:For additional information please contact Marcus Whitehouse  telephone +44-121-445 6545The following files are available for download:SOURCE Concentric AB",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.22,0.49,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'CONCENTRIC', 'Post- och Inrikes Tidningar', 'The Concentric AB board', 'Swedish Official Gazette', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Such electronic votes', 'equivalent authority document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'annual general meeting', 'Nominee registered shares', 'postal voting form', 'postal vote', 'telephone number', 'voting rights', 'Further details', 'Klara strand', 'ta Clara', 'share register', 'due time', 'special form', 'contact information', 'nomination committee', 'completed form', 'legal entity', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'dated form', 'past year', 'longer period', 'five years', 'registration procedure', 'registration certificate', '91 33 business days', 'legal person', 'separate notice', 'proxy form', 'company name', 'REDDITCH', 'England', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'directors', 'shareholders', 'April', 'proposals', 'website', 'next', '13.00 CET', 'Tuesday', 'Klarabergsviadukten', 'Stockholm', '12.30 CET', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'articles', 'association', 'notification', 'Thursday', 'intention', 'Wednesday', 'writing', 'address', 'Box', 'concentricab', 'mail', 'attendance', 'advisors', 'participation', 'order', 'bank', 'broker', 'items', 'agenda', 'verification', 'vpc', 'appendices', 'original', 'advance', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Anyone', 'possession', 'signed', 'Forms', 'copy', 'validity', 'maximum', 'entry', '46', '9.00', '16.00']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.com
20470,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARTMARKET-COM-5174/news/Artmarket-com-Artprice-by-Artmarket-com-publishes-its-26th-annual-report-The-Art-Market-in-20-43242071/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Artmarket.com :  Artprice by Artmarket.com publishes its 26th annual report. The Art Market in 2022 reveals a 16% increase in Western art auction turnover as the United States regained its first place and the world posted a record number of art auction transactions,(marketscreener.com)  Artprice's 26th Annual Report  “The Art Market in 2022”  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs   and covers the…,"Artprice's 26th Annual Report  “The Art Market in 2022”  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs (excluding antiques  anonymous cultural property and furniture)  and covers the period between 1 January and 31 December 2022.All prices indicated in this Artprice by Artmarket report refer to results from public auctions  including buyer's fees. All uses of the $ sign refer to US dollars.The results of the 2022 Art Market are excellent  despite the pandemic which will remain etched in the history of the modern world and which fortunately seems to be coming to an end.Despite ongoing negative impacts from the pandemic  the figures show a 16% increase in Western auction turnover compared with the previous year (2021).In China  the government's zero-COVID policy caused a sharp 34% contraction in fine art auction turnover to $3.9 billion versus $5.9 billion in 2021.However  art market professionals are expecting a very substantial rebound in China's art market in 2023 and much fiercer competition with the United States.As part of their collaboration to produce truly global art market reports  Artprice  and its Chinese state publishing partner  Artron  are monitoring this fierce competition very closely.In this report  Artprice presents  among other elements  its famous rankings  including the Top 500 Artists by fine art and NFT auction turnover in 2022  and the Top 100 fine art and NFT works sold at auction in 2022.The dematerialization of the art market and its increasing reliance on the Internet is today a reality on all five continents of the world  a reality that will eventually relegate physical auction rooms to the history of the 20th century.According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and founder of Artprice  “the migration to the Internet of auction houses has taken on spectacular proportions with  on the one hand  a 2 700% increase in the advertising of auctions on the Internet and  on the other hand  and 810% increase in the live-stream sales over the three years of the COVID pandemic. Such figures were generally not expected before 2025-2027”.Artprice by Artmarket is pleased to announce the publication of its 26th annual report “The Art Market in 2022”  available free of charge  in full and in three languages  both as a consultable online document and as a downloadable PDF:www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022English: https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/the-art-market-in-2022.pdfFrench: https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/le-marche-de-lart-en-2022.pdfMandarin: https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/zh-the-art-market-in-2022.pdfGlobal synopsisIn the West  fine art auction turnover reached a new high at $12.6 billion  up 16% versus the $10.9 billion total in 2021.Including China  the global art auction market totaled $16.56 billion versus $17.08 billion in 2021  a 3.1% contraction primarily due to the sharp fall in China's turnover (-34%) as a result of its zero-COVID policy.The volume of transactions reached a new historic level with 705 000 lots sold  compared to 672 000 in 2021.The proportion of unsold lots progressed from 31% in 2021 to 35% in 2022  suggesting the market became slightly more selective.The average auction price for artworks was $23 500 in 2022 compared with $25 730 in 2021.The median auction price was $760 in 2022 versus $930 in 2021.In 2022  80% of the artworks sold for less than $4 500 at auction (versus $4 800 in 2021).The overall art price index fell by -18% between 1 January and 31 December 2022.The Artprice100© index of blue-chip artists was up 3% over 2022 vs. -19% for the S&P 500.Contemporary Art accounted for 16% of the art market compared with 20% in 2021 and only 3% in 2000.Six artworks crossed the symbolic threshold of $100 million  all in New York  compared with just one in 2021.In 2022  a total of 1 682 fine artworks plus 1 NFT crossed the $1 million threshold compared with 1 709 fine artworks plus 25 NFTs in 2021.Global Fine Art & NFT auction turnover[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image1-global-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover.png ]The United States in pole positionIn 2022  the United States posted its best-ever fine art auction turnover total with 158 000 lots generating $7.34 billion  representing 44% of the global art market (compared with 140 000 lots and $5.8 billion  representing 34% of the global art market in 2021).Paralyzed by its zero-COVID health policy  China generated only $3.91 billion  or 24% of the global art market (vs. $5.9 billion in 2021  or 35% of the global art market).The UK's art auction turnover rose 8% in 2022 to $2.16 billion  consolidating its third place with 13% of the global art market (vs. $2 billion in 2021  or 12% of global turnover).France's art auction market generated $991 million (6% of global turnover)  down 3% vs. 2021 ($1.02 billion or 6% of the global art market) due to an unfavorable Euro/Dollar exchange rate.Germany continued to grow (+6%) totaling $379 million and accounting for 2.3% of global turnover (vs. $359 million in 2021 or 2.1% of the global market).Italy (-11%) and Japan (+10%) finished 2022 neck and neck with $190 million and $185 million respectively (vs. $211 million for Italy and $167 million for Japan in 2021).Germany posted a new record price for a work of art at auction when Max Beckmann's self-portrait fetched $24.4 million.Japan's art auction market also posted a new record price when a work by Andy Warhol sold for $20.8 million.Top 10 countries by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover (and market share) in 2022Action Turnover Market share1 United States $7 339 083 284 44.31 %2 China (Artron) $3 913 799 723 23.63 %3 UK $2 156 700 023 13.02 %4 France $991 549 591 5.99 %5 Germany $379 443 977 2.29 %6 Italy $190 674 079 1.15 %7 Japan $185 463 014 1.12 %8 Switzerland $154 773 773 0.93 %9 South Korea $139 234 350 0.84 %10 Australia $118 278 877 0.71 %Auction Houses and CollectionsIn 2022  Christie's set a historic new record for its Fine Art & NFT auction activities around the world with a total turnover of $5.8 billion in twelve months (compared with $4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's was the world's second-largest fine art auctioneer with $3.9 billion (compared to $4.4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's may have taken second place behind Christie's in New York  London  and Paris  but it dominated in Hong Kong and Milan in 2022.Having hammered 35% and 24% of global art auction turnover respectively  Christie's and Sotheby's accounted for more than half of the total global value of the secondary art market. In 2021 they accounted for 23% and 26% respectively).On 9 and 10 November 2022  the Paul G. Allen Collection became the most expensive collection of all time  generating $1.6 billion at Christie's in New York.New York was also carried by sales of collections belonging to Anne H. Bass  Thomas Ammann  and David M. Solinger  amongst others.The fine art elements in Hubert de Givenchy's Collection took $59 million at Christie's in Paris.China Guardian was the leading Chinese auction house with $362 million (compared with $677 million in 2021).Artcurial ($92 million in 2022 vs. $91 million in 2021) was the leading fine art auctioneer in France.Principal marketplaces by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover in 2022[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image2-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2022.png ]Artworks and artists by periodOld Masters (artists born before 1759)In 2022  Artworks by Old Masters represented 11% of the total number of art lots sold at auction throughout the world and 7% of the year's global art auction turnover (versus 11% of lots sold and 9% of turnover in 2021).In January and November of 2022  two Botticelli paintings exceeded $40 million in New York.In France  a still life by Jean-Baptiste Siméon Chardin and a drawing by Michelangelo sold for $27 million and $24 million respectively.19th Century Art (artists born between 1760 and 1859)In 2022  works by 19th Century artists accounted for 10% of all the lots sold during the year and 14% of the total global art auction turnover (vs. 10% of the lots sold and 10% of global turnover in 2021).The top-3 results for this period were all hammered in 2022 at over $100 million each.These paintings by Seurat  Cézanne  and Van Gogh were all in the Paul G. Allen Collection.In 2022  Claude Monet was the world's 2nd most successful artist with an annual auction turnover total of $539 million (in 2021 the French artist was 4th with $305 million).Modern Art (artists born between 1860 and 1919)In 2022  Modern Art was the leading segment of the art auction market accounting for 35% of its lots sold and 37% of its value (vs. 37% of lots sold and 37% of turnover in 2021).Pablo Picasso was the third most popular artist of the year at auction  generating $494 million (In 2021  he was the most popular with $672 million).Gustav Klimt's Birch Forest (1903) became the 10th most expensive Modern artwork ever sold at auction when it fetched $104 million.With no less than 30 million-plus auction results (in USD) during 2022  René Magritte ended the year among the world's five top-selling artists.Magritte's The Empire of Light (1961) fetched the year's best Modern Art auction result at $79 million in London.Zhang Daqian's Landscape after Wang Ximeng (1947) fetched the Chinese art auction market's best result in 2022 at $47 million.Two photographs set new world records for that medium: one by Man Ray at $12.4 million and the other by Edward Steichen at $11.8 million.Post-War Art (artists born between 1920 and 1944)Post-War Art accounted for 26% of lots sold and 26% of overall turnover (25% of lots sold and 23% of turnover in 2021).Andy Warhol was the most successful artist of the year at auction  with 2 160 lots sold generating $590 million (he was 3rd in 2021 with $348 million).Warhol's Shot Sage Blue Marilyn (1964) becomes the second most expensive work of all time when it fetched $195 million.Lucian Freud's Large Interior  W11 (1981/83) fetched a new auction record for the artist at $86 million.Gerhard Richter was the top-selling living artist of the year at auction with a total turnover of $226 million ($246 million in 2021).Three Alighiero Boetti tapestries become the most expensive tapestries ever sold at auction  at more than $5 million each.Yayoi Kusama was the only woman in the top 10 artists: In 2022  900 of her lots sold generating a total of $195 million (vs. 778 lots sold for $178 million in 2021).Contemporary Art (artists born after 1945)Contemporary Art sales accounted for 18% of lots sold and 16% of global auction turnover.Jean-Michel Basquiat dropped to 7th place in the Artprice ranking with an annual turnover of $221 million (he was 2nd in 2021 with $439 million).Jeff Koons' sculpture Jim Beam (1986) sold for $17 million in 2022 but was worth $33 million in 2014.Yoshitomo Nara marked Hong Kong auctions when Oddly Cozy (2013) fetched $14.3 million.Ultra-Contemporary Art (artists under 40)Two works by Matthew Wong and a painting by Avery Singer crossed the $5 million threshold at auction.Artist Ayoko Rokkaku (1982) ranked 75th in Artprice's global ranking with $32 million (she was 97th in 2021 with $21.5 million).Flora Yukhnovich (1990) generated $14.6 million with a new personal best of $3.6 million.Njideka. A. Crosby's The Beautyful Ones (2012) sold for $4.7 million in 2022 versus $3.1 million in 2017.Anna Weyant set a new auction record for a woman artist under 30 at $1.6 million.Refik Anadol (1985) elicited the best price of the year for an NFT when his Living Architecture: Casa Batlló (2022) fetched $1.4 million (compared to an NFT record price of $69.4 million for Beeple in 2021).In conclusion  somewhat counter-intuitively – given the current geopolitical and economic context – the art market has in fact demonstrated insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for artworks from all artistic periods in a large number of the market's key hubs. Primary indicators of the art market's health  we have not seen any cancellations of Classic and/or Prestige cataloged sales in 2022 or 2023.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that the art market is a solid safe haven investment  as proved by the Artprice100© index  which clearly outperformed traditional stock market indices last year. This current period of uncertainty on the stock markets therefore also redirects new funds and investments into the art market.Artprice had already noted that during the main crises of the recent past – the Nasdaq crash in 2000  the nine-eleven attacks in 2001 September  the Afghan war in 2001  the Iraq war in 2003  the subprime and CDS crisis in 2007  the negative interest rates era that began in 2011 and the Covid 2019 crisis – the art market was less impacted than the financial markets and the overall economy.As proof  a new page in the history of auctions has just been turned: the highly-anticipated dispersion of the art collection acquired by Paul G. Allen – who founded Microsoft along with Bill Gates in 1975 – was the first-ever private collection to take over $1 billion at auction  generating a staggering total of $1.62 billion with five works selling for prices substantially above the $100 million threshold at Christie's New York.Thanks to Christie's and Sotheby's remarkably well-conducted sales of exceptional American collections  the year 2022 became a significant milestone in the history of public auctions.Neither the war on European soil nor fears of an economic recession have not got the better of the art market.As regards 2023  in view of the initial results and the anticipated uptick in China's art auction activity after the end of its zero-COVID policy  the outlook is distinctly positive.Images:[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image1-global-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover.png ] [ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image2-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2022.png ]Copyright 1987-2023 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to c ontact our E conometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.comTry our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demoSubscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket.com is owned by Server Group  which is the main shareholder and founder.Artmarket.com is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 810 000 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6500 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million 'members log in' users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket's Global Art Market Report  “The Art Market in 2022”  published in March 2023:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comIndex of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 6.1 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum “The Abode of Chaos” (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4.2 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: ir@artmarket.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lmlwZZmXlWzGmpppZpZunJKZZmhixWmbZ2mZmGprapyYmp6Sl29haMqcZnBpnmZs- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78916-artprice-by-artmarket-26-th-annual-report-the-art-market-in-2022.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.06,0.61,True,English,"['Western art auction turnover', 'art auction transactions', 'The Art Market', '26th annual report', 'United States', 'first place', 'record number', 'Artmarket.com', 'Artprice', '16% increase', 'world', 'Chinese state publishing partner', 'fine art auction turnover total', 'overall art price index', 'global art market reports', 'The Artprice100© index', 'average auction price', 'median auction price', 'anonymous cultural property', 'ongoing negative impacts', 'consultable online document', 'Western auction turnover', 'physical auction rooms', 'global art auction', 'new historic level', 'art market professionals', '26th Annual Report', 'Global Fine Art', 'art auction market', 'NFT auction turnover', 'The Art Market', 'Top 100 fine art', 'zero-COVID health policy', 'The United States', 'global turnover', '2022 Art Market', 'auction houses', 'The UK', 'Contemporary Art', 'zero-COVID policy', '$10.9 billion total', 'global analysis', 'Global synopsis', 'Top 500 Artists', '1,682 fine artworks', '1,709 fine artworks', 'new high', 'New York', 'NFT works', 'public sales', 'US dollars', 'previous year', 'substantial rebound', 'fiercer competition', 'fierce competition', 'other elements', 'famous rankings', 'increasing reliance', 'five continents', '20th century', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'spectacular proportions', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'live-stream sales', 'three years', 'three languages', 'downloadable PDF', 'sharp fall', 'blue-chip artists', 'S&P 500', 'symbolic threshold', '$1 million threshold', 'pole position', 'third place', 'Artmarket report', 'Artmarket.com', 'Six artworks', 'public auctions', 'modern world', 'sharp 34% contraction', 'Such figures', 'COVID pandemic', 'unsold lots', '1 NFT', '3.1% contraction', '705,000 lots', '158,000 lots', '140,000 lots', 'paintings', 'sculptures', 'drawings', 'photographs', 'printmaking', 'videos', 'installations', 'tapestries', 'NFTs', 'antiques', 'furniture', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'prices', 'results', 'buyer', 'fees', '$ sign', 'history', 'end', '16% increase', 'China', 'government', 'collaboration', 'Artron', 'dematerialization', 'Internet', 'reality', 'CEO', 'founder', 'migration', '2,700% increase', 'advertising', '810% increase', 'publication', 'charge', 'full', 'artprice-reports', 'English', 'art-market', 'marche', 'lart', 'Mandarin', 'volume', 'transactions', 'image', 'nft-auction-turnover', 'France']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20471,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/artprice-by-artmarketcom-publishes-its-26th-annual-report-the-art-market-in-2022-reveals-a-16-increase-in-western-art-auction-turnover-as-the-united-states-regained-its-first-place-and-the-world-posted-a-record-number-of-art--301771682.html,"Artprice by Artmarket.com publishes its 26th annual report. ""The Art Market in 2022"" reveals a 16% increase in Western art auction turnover as the United States regained its first place and the world posted a record number of art auction transactions","PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Artprice's 26th Annual Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs (e…","PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Artprice's 26th Annual Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs (excluding antiques  anonymous cultural property and furniture)  and covers the period between 1 January and 31 December 2022.All prices indicated in this Artprice by Artmarket report refer to results from public auctions  including buyer's fees. All uses of the $ sign refer to US dollars.Global Fine Art & NFT auction turnover Principal marketplaces by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover in 2022The results of the 2022 Art Market are excellent  despite the pandemic which will remain etched in the history of the modern world and which fortunately seems to be coming to an end.Despite ongoing negative impacts from the pandemic  the figures show a 16% increase in Western auction turnover compared with the previous year (2021).In China  the government's zero-COVID policy caused a sharp 34% contraction in fine art auction turnover to $3.9 billion versus $5.9 billion in 2021.However  art market professionals are expecting a very substantial rebound in China's art market in 2023 and much fiercer competition with the United States.As part of their collaboration to produce truly global art market reports  Artprice  and its Chinese state publishing partner  Artron  are monitoring this fierce competition very closely.In this report  Artprice presents  among other elements  its famous rankings  including the Top 500 Artists by fine art and NFT auction turnover in 2022  and the Top 100 fine art and NFT works sold at auction in 2022.The dematerialization of the art market and its increasing reliance on the Internet is today a reality on all five continents of the world  a reality that will eventually relegate physical auction rooms to the history of the 20th century.According to Thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and founder of Artprice  ""the migration to the Internet of auction houses has taken on spectacular proportions with  on the one hand  a 2 700% increase in the advertising of auctions on the Internet and  on the other hand  and 810% increase in the live-stream sales over the three years of the COVID pandemic. Such figures were generally not expected before 2025-2027"".Artprice by Artmarket is pleased to announce the publication of its 26th annual report ""The Art Market in 2022""  available free of charge  in full and in three languages  both as a consultable online document and as a downloadable PDF:www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022English: https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/the-art-market-in-2022.pdfFrench: https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/le-marche-de-lart-en-2022.pdfMandarin: https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/zh-the-art-market-in-2022.pdfGlobal synopsisIn the West  fine art auction turnover reached a new high at $12.6 billion  up 16% versus the $10.9 billion total in 2021.Including China  the global art auction market totaled $16.56 billion versus $17.08 billion in 2021  a 3.1% contraction primarily due to the sharp fall in China's turnover (-34%) as a result of its zero-COVID policy.The volume of transactions reached a new historic level with 705 000 lots sold  compared to 672 000 in 2021.The proportion of unsold lots progressed from 31% in 2021 to 35% in 2022  suggesting the market became slightly more selective.The average auction price for artworks was $23 500 in 2022 compared with $25 730 in 2021.The median auction price was $760 in 2022 versus $930 in 2021.In 2022  80% of the artworks sold for less than $4 500 at auction (versus $4 800 in 2021).The overall art price index fell by -18% between 1 January and 31 December 2022.The Artprice100© index of blue-chip artists was up 3% over 2022 vs. -19% for the S&P 500.Contemporary Art accounted for 16% of the art market compared with 20% in 2021 and only 3% in 2000.Six artworks crossed the symbolic threshold of $100 million  all in New York  compared with just one in 2021.In 2022  a total of 1 682 fine artworks plus 1 NFT crossed the $1 million threshold compared with 1 709 fine artworks plus 25 NFTs in 2021.Global Fine Art & NFT auction turnoverInfographic - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2032675/Artmarket_1.jpgThe United States in pole positionIn 2022  the United States posted its best-ever fine art auction turnover total with 158 000 lots generating $7.34 billion  representing 44% of the global art market (compared with 140 000 lots and $5.8 billion  representing 34% of the global art market in 2021).Paralyzed by its zero-COVID health policy  China generated only $3.91 billion  or 24% of the global art market (vs. $5.9 billion in 2021  or 35% of the global art market).The UK's art auction turnover rose 8% in 2022 to $2.16 billion  consolidating its third place with 13% of the global art market (vs. $2 billion in 2021  or 12% of global turnover).France's art auction market generated $991 million (6% of global turnover)  down 3% vs. 2021 ($1.02 billion or 6% of the global art market) due to an unfavorable Euro/Dollar exchange rate.Germany continued to grow (+6%) totaling $379 million and accounting for 2.3% of global turnover (vs. $359 million in 2021 or 2.1% of the global market).Italy (-11%) and Japan (+10%) finished 2022 neck and neck with $190 million and $185 million respectively (vs. $211 million for Italy and $167 million for Japan in 2021).Germany posted a new record price for a work of art at auction when Max Beckmann's self-portrait fetched $24.4 million.Japan's art auction market also posted a new record price when a work by Andy Warhol sold for $20.8 million.Top 10 countries by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover (and market share) in 2022Action Turnover Market share 1 United States $7 339 083 284 44.31 % 2 China (Artron) $3 913 799 723 23.63 % 3 UK $2 156 700 023 13.02 % 4 France $991 549 591 5.99 % 5 Germany $379 443 977 2.29 % 6 Italy $190 674 079 1.15 % 7 Japan $185 463 014 1.12 % 8 Switzerland $154 773 773 0.93 % 9 South Korea $139 234 350 0.84 % 10 Australia $118 278 877 0.71 %Auction Houses and CollectionsIn 2022  Christie's set a historic new record for its Fine Art & NFT auction activities around the world with a total turnover of $5.8 billion in twelve months (compared with $4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's was the world's second-largest fine art auctioneer with $3.9 billion (compared to $4.4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's may have taken second place behind Christie's in New York  London  and Paris  but it dominated in Hong Kong and Milan in 2022.Having hammered 35% and 24% of global art auction turnover respectively  Christie's and Sotheby's accounted for more than half of the total global value of the secondary art market. In 2021 they accounted for 23% and 26% respectively).On 9 and 10 November 2022  the Paul G. Allen Collection became the most expensive collection of all time  generating $1.6 billion at Christie's in New York.New York was also carried by sales of collections belonging to Anne H. Bass  Thomas Ammann  and David M. Solinger  amongst others.The fine art elements in Hubert de Givenchy's Collection took $59 million at Christie's in Paris.China Guardian was the leading Chinese auction house with $362 million (compared with $677 million in 2021).Artcurial ($92 million in 2022 vs. $91 million in 2021) was the leading fine art auctioneer in France.Principal marketplaces by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover in 2022Infographic - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2032674/Artmarket_2.jpgArtworks and artists by periodOld Masters (artists born before 1759)In 2022  Artworks by Old Masters represented 11% of the total number of art lots sold at auction throughout the world and 7% of the year's global art auction turnover (versus 11% of lots sold and 9% of turnover in 2021).In January and November of 2022  two Botticelli paintings exceeded $40 million in New York.In France  a still life by Jean-Baptiste Siméon Chardin and a drawing by Michelangelo sold for $27 million and $24 million respectively.19th Century Art (artists born between 1760 and 1859)In 2022  works by 19th Century artists accounted for 10% of all the lots sold during the year and 14% of the total global art auction turnover (vs. 10% of the lots sold and 10% of global turnover in 2021).The top-3 results for this period were all hammered in 2022 at over $100 million each.These paintings by Seurat  Cézanne  and Van Gogh were all in the Paul G. Allen Collection.In 2022  Claude Monet was the world's 2nd most successful artist with an annual auction turnover total of $539 million (in 2021 the French artist was 4th with $305 million).Modern Art (artists born between 1860 and 1919)In 2022  Modern Art was the leading segment of the art auction market accounting for 35% of its lots sold and 37% of its value (vs. 37% of lots sold and 37% of turnover in 2021).Pablo Picasso was the third most popular artist of the year at auction  generating $494 million (In 2021  he was the most popular with $672 million).Gustav Klimt's Birch Forest (1903) became the 10th most expensive Modern artwork ever sold at auction when it fetched $104 million.With no less than 30 million-plus auction results (in USD) during 2022  René Magritte ended the year among the world's five top-selling artists.Magritte's The Empire of Light (1961) fetched the year's best Modern Art auction result at $79 million in London.Zhang Daqian's Landscape after Wang Ximeng (1947) fetched the Chinese art auction market's best result in 2022 at $47 million.Two photographs set new world records for that medium: one by Man Ray at $12.4 million and the other by Edward Steichen at $11.8 million.Post-War Art (artists born between 1920 and 1944)Post-War Art accounted for 26% of lots sold and 26% of overall turnover (25% of lots sold and 23% of turnover in 2021).Andy Warhol was the most successful artist of the year at auction  with 2 160 lots sold generating $590 million (he was 3rd in 2021 with $348 million).Warhol's Shot Sage Blue Marilyn (1964) becomes the second most expensive work of all time when it fetched $195 million.Lucian Freud's Large Interior  W11 (1981/83) fetched a new auction record for the artist at $86 million.Gerhard Richter was the top-selling living artist of the year at auction with a total turnover of $226 million ($246 million in 2021).Three Alighiero Boetti tapestries become the most expensive tapestries ever sold at auction  at more than $5 million each.Yayoi Kusama was the only woman in the top 10 artists: In 2022  900 of her lots sold generating a total of $195 million (vs. 778 lots sold for $178 million in 2021).Contemporary Art (artists born after 1945)Contemporary Art sales accounted for 18% of lots sold and 16% of global auction turnover.Jean-Michel Basquiat dropped to 7th place in the Artprice ranking with an annual turnover of $221 million (he was 2nd in 2021 with $439 million).Jeff Koons' sculpture Jim Beam (1986) sold for $17 million in 2022 but was worth $33 million in 2014.Yoshitomo Nara marked Hong Kong auctions when Oddly Cozy (2013) fetched $14.3 million.Ultra-Contemporary Art (artists under 40)Two works by Matthew Wong and a painting by Avery Singer crossed the $5 million threshold at auction.Artist Ayoko Rokkaku (1982) ranked 75th in Artprice's global ranking with $32 million (she was 97th in 2021 with $21.5 million).Flora Yukhnovich (1990) generated $14.6 million with a new personal best of $3.6 million.Njideka. A. Crosby's The Beautyful Ones (2012) sold for $4.7 million in 2022 versus $3.1 million in 2017.Anna Weyant set a new auction record for a woman artist under 30 at $1.6 million.Refik Anadol (1985) elicited the best price of the year for an NFT when his Living Architecture: Casa Batlló (2022) fetched $1.4 million (compared to an NFT record price of $69.4 million for Beeple in 2021).In conclusion  somewhat counter-intuitively – given the current geopolitical and economic context – the art market has in fact demonstrated insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for artworks from all artistic periods in a large number of the market's key hubs. Primary indicators of the art market's health  we have not seen any cancellations of Classic and/or Prestige cataloged sales in 2022 or 2023.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that the art market is a solid safe haven investment  as proved by the Artprice100© index  which clearly outperformed traditional stock market indices last year. This current period of uncertainty on the stock markets therefore also redirects new funds and investments into the art market.Artprice had already noted that during the main crises of the recent past – the Nasdaq crash in 2000  the nine-eleven attacks in 2001 September  the Afghan war in 2001  the Iraq war in 2003  the subprime and CDS crisis in 2007  the negative interest rates era that began in 2011 and the Covid 2019 crisis – the art market was less impacted than the financial markets and the overall economy.As proof  a new page in the history of auctions has just been turned: the highly-anticipated dispersion of the art collection acquired by Paul G. Allen – who founded Microsoft along with Bill Gates in 1975 – was the first-ever private collection to take over $1 billion at auction  generating a staggering total of $1.62 billion with five works selling for prices substantially above the $100 million threshold at Christie's New York.Thanks to Christie's and Sotheby's remarkably well-conducted sales of exceptional American collections  the year 2022 became a significant milestone in the history of public auctions.Neither the war on European soil nor fears of an economic recession have not got the better of the art market.As regards 2023  in view of the initial results and the anticipated uptick in China's art auction activity after the end of its zero-COVID policy  the outlook is distinctly positive.Images:[https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image1-global-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover.png] [https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image2-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2022.png]Copyright 1987-2023 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.comfor your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.com Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo(free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo Subscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket.com is owned by Server Group  which is the main shareholder and founder.Artmarket.com is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 810 000 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6500 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million 'members log in' users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket's Global Art Market Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  published in March 2023:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comIndex of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 6.1 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4.2 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  ir@artmarket.comLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgSOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.18,0.49,True,English,"['Western art auction turnover', 'art auction transactions', 'The Art Market', '26th annual report', 'Artmarket.com', 'United States', 'first place', 'record number', 'Artprice', '16% increase', 'world', 'Chinese state publishing partner', 'fine art auction turnover total', 'overall art price index', 'NFT auction turnover Infographic', 'global art market reports', 'average auction price', 'median auction price', 'The Artprice100© index', 'Western auction turnover', 'anonymous cultural property', 'ongoing negative impacts', 'physical auction rooms', 'consultable online document', 'global art auction', 'Global Fine Art', 'art market professionals', 'art auction market', 'new historic level', 'Top 100 fine art', '26th Annual Report', 'The Art Market', 'zero-COVID health policy', 'The United States', 'global turnover', '2022 Art Market', 'auction houses', 'Contemporary Art', 'global analysis', 'Global synopsis', 'The UK', 'zero-COVID policy', 'NFT works', '$10.9 billion total', '1,682 fine artworks', '1,709 fine artworks', 'Top 500 Artists', 'new high', 'New York', 'public sales', 'US dollars', 'Principal marketplaces', 'previous year', 'substantial rebound', 'fiercer competition', 'fierce competition', 'other elements', 'famous rankings', 'increasing reliance', 'five continents', '20th century', 'Thierry Ehrmann', 'spectacular proportions', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'live-stream sales', 'three years', 'three languages', 'downloadable PDF', 'sharp fall', 'blue-chip artists', 'S&P 500', 'symbolic threshold', '$1 million threshold', 'pole position', 'third place', 'Artmarket report', 'Artmarket.com', 'Six artworks', 'public auctions', 'modern world', 'sharp 34% contraction', 'Such figures', 'COVID pandemic', 'unsold lots', '1 NFT', '3.1% contraction', '705,000 lots', '158,000 lots', '140,000 lots', 'PARIS', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'paintings', 'sculptures', 'drawings', 'photographs', 'printmaking', 'videos', 'installations', 'tapestries', 'NFTs', 'antiques', 'furniture', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'prices', 'results', 'buyer', 'fees', '$ sign', 'history', 'end', '16% increase', 'China', 'government', 'collaboration', 'Artron', 'dematerialization', 'Internet', 'reality', 'CEO', 'founder', 'migration', '2,700% increase', 'advertising', '810% increase', 'publication', 'charge', 'full', 'artprice-reports', 'art-market', 'lart', 'Mandarin', 'volume', 'transactions', '5/Artmarket', 'France']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.co.uk
20472,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artprice-by-artmarketcom-publishes-its-26th-annual-report-the-art-market-in-2022-reveals-a-16-increase-in-western-art-auction-turnover-as-the-united-states-regained-its-first-place-and-the-world-posted-a-record-number-of-art--301771676.html,"Artprice by Artmarket.com publishes its 26th annual report. ""The Art Market in 2022"" reveals a 16% increase in Western art auction turnover as the United States regained its first place and the world posted a record number of art auction transactions","PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Artprice's 26th Annual Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs (e…","PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Artprice's 26th Annual Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs (excluding antiques  anonymous cultural property and furniture)  and covers the period between 1 January and 31 December 2022.All prices indicated in this Artprice by Artmarket report refer to results from public auctions  including buyer's fees. All uses of the $ sign refer to US dollars.Global Fine Art & NFT auction turnover (PRNewsfoto/Artmarket.com) Principal marketplaces by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover in 2022 (PRNewsfoto/Artmarket.com)The results of the 2022 Art Market are excellent  despite the pandemic which will remain etched in the history of the modern world and which fortunately seems to be coming to an end.Despite ongoing negative impacts from the pandemic  the figures show a 16% increase in Western auction turnover compared with the previous year (2021).In China  the government's zero-COVID policy caused a sharp 34% contraction in fine art auction turnover to $3.9 billion versus $5.9 billion in 2021.However  art market professionals are expecting a very substantial rebound in China's art market in 2023 and much fiercer competition with the United States.As part of their collaboration to produce truly global art market reports  Artprice  and its Chinese state publishing partner  Artron  are monitoring this fierce competition very closely.In this report  Artprice presents  among other elements  its famous rankings  including the Top 500 Artists by fine art and NFT auction turnover in 2022  and the Top 100 fine art and NFT works sold at auction in 2022.The dematerialization of the art market and its increasing reliance on the Internet is today a reality on all five continents of the world  a reality that will eventually relegate physical auction rooms to the history of the 20th century.According to Thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and founder of Artprice  ""the migration to the Internet of auction houses has taken on spectacular proportions with  on the one hand  a 2 700% increase in the advertising of auctions on the Internet and  on the other hand  and 810% increase in the live-stream sales over the three years of the COVID pandemic. Such figures were generally not expected before 2025-2027"".Artprice by Artmarket is pleased to announce the publication of its 26th annual report ""The Art Market in 2022""  available free of charge  in full and in three languages  both as a consultable online document and as a downloadable PDF:www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022English: https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/the-art-market-in-2022.pdfFrench: https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/le-marche-de-lart-en-2022.pdfMandarin: https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/zh-the-art-market-in-2022.pdfGlobal synopsisIn the West  fine art auction turnover reached a new high at $12.6 billion  up 16% versus the $10.9 billion total in 2021.Including China  the global art auction market totaled $16.56 billion versus $17.08 billion in 2021  a 3.1% contraction primarily due to the sharp fall in China's turnover (-34%) as a result of its zero-COVID policy.The volume of transactions reached a new historic level with 705 000 lots sold  compared to 672 000 in 2021.The proportion of unsold lots progressed from 31% in 2021 to 35% in 2022  suggesting the market became slightly more selective.The average auction price for artworks was $23 500 in 2022 compared with $25 730 in 2021.The median auction price was $760 in 2022 versus $930 in 2021.In 2022  80% of the artworks sold for less than $4 500 at auction (versus $4 800 in 2021).The overall art price index fell by -18% between 1 January and 31 December 2022.The Artprice100© index of blue-chip artists was up 3% over 2022 vs. -19% for the S&P 500.Contemporary Art accounted for 16% of the art market compared with 20% in 2021 and only 3% in 2000.Six artworks crossed the symbolic threshold of $100 million  all in New York  compared with just one in 2021.In 2022  a total of 1 682 fine artworks plus 1 NFT crossed the $1 million threshold compared with 1 709 fine artworks plus 25 NFTs in 2021.Global Fine Art & NFT auction turnoverInfographic - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2032675/Artmarket_1.jpgThe United States in pole positionIn 2022  the United States posted its best-ever fine art auction turnover total with 158 000 lots generating $7.34 billion  representing 44% of the global art market (compared with 140 000 lots and $5.8 billion  representing 34% of the global art market in 2021).Paralyzed by its zero-COVID health policy  China generated only $3.91 billion  or 24% of the global art market (vs. $5.9 billion in 2021  or 35% of the global art market).The UK's art auction turnover rose 8% in 2022 to $2.16 billion  consolidating its third place with 13% of the global art market (vs. $2 billion in 2021  or 12% of global turnover).France's art auction market generated $991 million (6% of global turnover)  down 3% vs. 2021 ($1.02 billion or 6% of the global art market) due to an unfavorable Euro/Dollar exchange rate.Germany continued to grow (+6%) totaling $379 million and accounting for 2.3% of global turnover (vs. $359 million in 2021 or 2.1% of the global market).Italy (-11%) and Japan (+10%) finished 2022 neck and neck with $190 million and $185 million respectively (vs. $211 million for Italy and $167 million for Japan in 2021).Germany posted a new record price for a work of art at auction when Max Beckmann's self-portrait fetched $24.4 million.Japan's art auction market also posted a new record price when a work by Andy Warhol sold for $20.8 million.Top 10 countries by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover (and market share) in 2022Action Turnover Market share 1 United States $7 339 083 284 44.31 % 2 China (Artron) $3 913 799 723 23.63 % 3 UK $2 156 700 023 13.02 % 4 France $991 549 591 5.99 % 5 Germany $379 443 977 2.29 % 6 Italy $190 674 079 1.15 % 7 Japan $185 463 014 1.12 % 8 Switzerland $154 773 773 0.93 % 9 South Korea $139 234 350 0.84 % 10 Australia $118 278 877 0.71 %Auction Houses and CollectionsIn 2022  Christie's set a historic new record for its Fine Art & NFT auction activities around the world with a total turnover of $5.8 billion in twelve months (compared with $4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's was the world's second-largest fine art auctioneer with $3.9 billion (compared to $4.4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's may have taken second place behind Christie's in New York  London  and Paris  but it dominated in Hong Kong and Milan in 2022.Having hammered 35% and 24% of global art auction turnover respectively  Christie's and Sotheby's accounted for more than half of the total global value of the secondary art market. In 2021 they accounted for 23% and 26% respectively).On 9 and 10 November 2022  the Paul G. Allen Collection became the most expensive collection of all time  generating $1.6 billion at Christie's in New York.New York was also carried by sales of collections belonging to Anne H. Bass  Thomas Ammann  and David M. Solinger  amongst others.The fine art elements in Hubert de Givenchy's Collection took $59 million at Christie's in Paris.China Guardian was the leading Chinese auction house with $362 million (compared with $677 million in 2021).Artcurial ($92 million in 2022 vs. $91 million in 2021) was the leading fine art auctioneer in France.Principal marketplaces by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover in 2022Infographic - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2032674/Artmarket_2.jpgArtworks and artists by periodOld Masters (artists born before 1759)In 2022  Artworks by Old Masters represented 11% of the total number of art lots sold at auction throughout the world and 7% of the year's global art auction turnover (versus 11% of lots sold and 9% of turnover in 2021).In January and November of 2022  two Botticelli paintings exceeded $40 million in New York.In France  a still life by Jean-Baptiste Siméon Chardin and a drawing by Michelangelo sold for $27 million and $24 million respectively.19th Century Art (artists born between 1760 and 1859)In 2022  works by 19th Century artists accounted for 10% of all the lots sold during the year and 14% of the total global art auction turnover (vs. 10% of the lots sold and 10% of global turnover in 2021).The top-3 results for this period were all hammered in 2022 at over $100 million each.These paintings by Seurat  Cézanne  and Van Gogh were all in the Paul G. Allen Collection.In 2022  Claude Monet was the world's 2nd most successful artist with an annual auction turnover total of $539 million (in 2021 the French artist was 4th with $305 million).Modern Art (artists born between 1860 and 1919)In 2022  Modern Art was the leading segment of the art auction market accounting for 35% of its lots sold and 37% of its value (vs. 37% of lots sold and 37% of turnover in 2021).Pablo Picasso was the third most popular artist of the year at auction  generating $494 million (In 2021  he was the most popular with $672 million).Gustav Klimt's Birch Forest (1903) became the 10th most expensive Modern artwork ever sold at auction when it fetched $104 million.With no less than 30 million-plus auction results (in USD) during 2022  René Magritte ended the year among the world's five top-selling artists.Magritte's The Empire of Light (1961) fetched the year's best Modern Art auction result at $79 million in London.Zhang Daqian's Landscape after Wang Ximeng (1947) fetched the Chinese art auction market's best result in 2022 at $47 million.Two photographs set new world records for that medium: one by Man Ray at $12.4 million and the other by Edward Steichen at $11.8 million.Post-War Art (artists born between 1920 and 1944)Post-War Art accounted for 26% of lots sold and 26% of overall turnover (25% of lots sold and 23% of turnover in 2021).Andy Warhol was the most successful artist of the year at auction  with 2 160 lots sold generating $590 million (he was 3rd in 2021 with $348 million).Warhol's Shot Sage Blue Marilyn (1964) becomes the second most expensive work of all time when it fetched $195 million.Lucian Freud's Large Interior  W11 (1981/83) fetched a new auction record for the artist at $86 million.Gerhard Richter was the top-selling living artist of the year at auction with a total turnover of $226 million ($246 million in 2021).Three Alighiero Boetti tapestries become the most expensive tapestries ever sold at auction  at more than $5 million each.Yayoi Kusama was the only woman in the top 10 artists: In 2022  900 of her lots sold generating a total of $195 million (vs. 778 lots sold for $178 million in 2021).Contemporary Art (artists born after 1945)Contemporary Art sales accounted for 18% of lots sold and 16% of global auction turnover.Jean-Michel Basquiat dropped to 7th place in the Artprice ranking with an annual turnover of $221 million (he was 2nd in 2021 with $439 million).Jeff Koons' sculpture Jim Beam (1986) sold for $17 million in 2022 but was worth $33 million in 2014.Yoshitomo Nara marked Hong Kong auctions when Oddly Cozy (2013) fetched $14.3 million.Ultra-Contemporary Art (artists under 40)Two works by Matthew Wong and a painting by Avery Singer crossed the $5 million threshold at auction.Artist Ayoko Rokkaku (1982) ranked 75th in Artprice's global ranking with $32 million (she was 97th in 2021 with $21.5 million).Flora Yukhnovich (1990) generated $14.6 million with a new personal best of $3.6 million.Njideka. A. Crosby's The Beautyful Ones (2012) sold for $4.7 million in 2022 versus $3.1 million in 2017.Anna Weyant set a new auction record for a woman artist under 30 at $1.6 million.Refik Anadol (1985) elicited the best price of the year for an NFT when his Living Architecture: Casa Batlló (2022) fetched $1.4 million (compared to an NFT record price of $69.4 million for Beeple in 2021).In conclusion  somewhat counter-intuitively – given the current geopolitical and economic context – the art market has in fact demonstrated insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for artworks from all artistic periods in a large number of the market's key hubs. Primary indicators of the art market's health  we have not seen any cancellations of Classic and/or Prestige cataloged sales in 2022 or 2023.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that the art market is a solid safe haven investment  as proved by the Artprice100© index  which clearly outperformed traditional stock market indices last year. This current period of uncertainty on the stock markets therefore also redirects new funds and investments into the art market.Artprice had already noted that during the main crises of the recent past – the Nasdaq crash in 2000  the nine-eleven attacks in 2001 September  the Afghan war in 2001  the Iraq war in 2003  the subprime and CDS crisis in 2007  the negative interest rates era that began in 2011 and the Covid 2019 crisis – the art market was less impacted than the financial markets and the overall economy.As proof  a new page in the history of auctions has just been turned: the highly-anticipated dispersion of the art collection acquired by Paul G. Allen – who founded Microsoft along with Bill Gates in 1975 – was the first-ever private collection to take over $1 billion at auction  generating a staggering total of $1.62 billion with five works selling for prices substantially above the $100 million threshold at Christie's New York.Thanks to Christie's and Sotheby's remarkably well-conducted sales of exceptional American collections  the year 2022 became a significant milestone in the history of public auctions.Neither the war on European soil nor fears of an economic recession have not got the better of the art market.As regards 2023  in view of the initial results and the anticipated uptick in China's art auction activity after the end of its zero-COVID policy  the outlook is distinctly positive.Images:[https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image1-global-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover.png] [https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image2-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2022.png]Copyright 1987-2023 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: [email protected]for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo(free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo Subscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket.com is owned by Server Group  which is the main shareholder and founder.Artmarket.com is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 810 000 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6500 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million 'members log in' users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket's Global Art Market Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  published in March 2023:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comIndex of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 6.1 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4.2 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgSOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.2,0.47,True,English,"['Western art auction turnover', 'art auction transactions', 'The Art Market', '26th annual report', 'Artmarket.com', 'United States', 'first place', 'record number', 'Artprice', '16% increase', 'world', 'Chinese state publishing partner', 'fine art auction turnover total', 'overall art price index', 'NFT auction turnover Infographic', 'global art market reports', 'average auction price', 'median auction price', 'Western auction turnover', 'The Artprice100© index', 'anonymous cultural property', 'ongoing negative impacts', 'physical auction rooms', 'consultable online document', 'global art auction', 'Global Fine Art', 'art market professionals', 'new historic level', 'Top 100 fine art', '26th Annual Report', 'The Art Market', 'zero-COVID health policy', 'The United States', '2022 Art Market', 'auction houses', 'Contemporary Art', 'global analysis', 'Global synopsis', 'global tu', 'The UK', 'zero-COVID policy', 'NFT works', '$10.9 billion total', '1,682 fine artworks', '1,709 fine artworks', 'Top 500 Artists', 'new high', 'New York', 'public sales', 'US dollars', 'Principal marketplaces', 'previous year', 'substantial rebound', 'fiercer competition', 'fierce competition', 'other elements', 'famous rankings', 'increasing reliance', 'five continents', '20th century', 'Thierry Ehrmann', 'spectacular proportions', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'live-stream sales', 'three years', 'three languages', 'downloadable PDF', 'sharp fall', 'blue-chip artists', 'S&P 500', 'symbolic threshold', '$1 million threshold', 'pole position', 'third place', 'Artmarket report', 'Six artworks', 'public auctions', 'modern world', 'sharp 34% contraction', 'Such figures', 'Artmarket.com', 'COVID pandemic', 'unsold lots', '1 NFT', '3.1% contraction', '705,000 lots', '158,000 lots', '140,000 lots', 'PARIS', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'paintings', 'sculptures', 'drawings', 'photographs', 'printmaking', 'videos', 'installations', 'tapestries', 'NFTs', 'antiques', 'furniture', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'prices', 'results', 'buyer', 'fees', '$ sign', 'PRNewsfoto', 'history', 'end', '16% increase', 'China', 'government', 'collaboration', 'Artron', 'dematerialization', 'Internet', 'reality', 'CEO', 'founder', 'migration', '2,700% increase', 'advertising', '810% increase', 'publication', 'charge', 'full', 'artprice-reports', 'art-market', 'lart', 'Mandarin', 'volume', 'transactions', '5/Artmarket']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.com
20473,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,How to collect your outstanding debt in a few steps #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/UW6tmkSM3F #regtech,nan,How to collect your outstanding debt in a few steps #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/UW6tmkSM3F #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['outstanding debt', 'steps', 'Fintech', 'outstanding debt', 'steps', 'Fintech']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
20474,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fintech and tech startups still reeling from SVB shutdown #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/uHc8ERu4Qh #regtech,nan,Fintech and tech startups still reeling from SVB shutdown #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/uHc8ERu4Qh #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['SVB shutdown', 'Fintech', 'startups', 'SVB shutdown', 'Fintech', 'startups']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,Unknown
20475,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-syst-mes-amount-dividend-185300686.html,Dassault Systèmes: amount of the dividend,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 14  2023 Dividend Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) announces that the Board of...,Dassault Systemes SEPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 14  2023DividendDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) announces that the Board of Directors decided to propose to the next General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 24  2023 a dividend of twenty-one eurocents (€0.21) per share for the year 2022  payable in cash only.Shares would be traded ex-dividend as of May 29  2023.Dividends would be made payable on May 31  2023.Bernard Charlès  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer comments:“Dassault Systèmes delivers on its commitments: the company is one year ahead of its deleveraging schedule ; we execute on our established dividend policy as planned ; and we maintain our capacity to invest to support our long term strategy”.###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez / François-José Bordonado: Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 / 69 24 Jamie Ricketts: +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.com Tom Blundell: +44 20 3727 1600USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comStory continuesDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe: +33 1 61 62 87 73arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DS OUTSCALE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French ‘société européenne’ (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.24,0.1,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'amount', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'French ‘société européenne', 'Dassault Systemes SE', 'next General Meeting', 'Bernard Charlès', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'long term strategy', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'François-José Bordonado', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'Press Release', 'commercial trademarks', 'Euronext Paris', 'twenty-one eurocents', 'deleveraging schedule', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'FTI Consulting', 'Arnaud de', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'Tom Blundell', '3DS logo', 'Compass icon', '3DS OUTSCALE', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'dividend policy', 'Arnaud Malherbe', 'other countries', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', '150 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'March', 'DSY', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'year', 'cash', 'Shares', 'Dividends', 'Chairman', 'commitments', 'capacity', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'Cheffontaines', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'Story', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20476,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/onward-publish-full-2022-financial-063000416.html,ONWARD to Publish Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Host Webcast on March 28  2023,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  LAUSANNE  Switzerland  and BOSTON  MA USA  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical...,ONWARD MedicalEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  LAUSANNE  Switzerland  and BOSTON  MA USA  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announced it will publish full year 2022 financial and operating results on Tuesday  March 28  2023. Management will also host a webcast to discuss operational and financial highlights  as well as provide a business update  on March 28  2023  at 14:00 CEST / 08:00 EDT.Investors and the public can access the live webcast via Zoom by registering at this link . A confirmation email containing information about joining the session will be sent upon registration.Participants may also join by phone:+32 2 290 9360 (Belgium)+49 69 3807 9884 (Germany)+31 20 794 0854 (Netherlands)+41 22 591 01 56 (Switzerland)+44 208 080 6591 (United Kingdom)+1 360 209 5623 (US)International numbers availableWebcast ID: 810 2248 0661A recording of the webcast will be available on the Company’s website following the live event.To learn more about ONWARD’s ARC Therapy and the company’s vision to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM) or external (ARC-EX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received eight Breakthrough Device Designations from the US FDA encompassing both ARC-IM and ARC-EX. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a stimulator and wireless programmer. Positive top-line data were reported in 2022 from the company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the US and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead placed near the spinal cord. The company completed first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator and reported positive interim clinical outcomes for ARC-IM Therapy for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI in 2022.Story continuesONWARD is headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing US presence in Boston  Massachusetts. The company has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between EPFL  the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com . To access our 2023 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com .For Company Enquiries:info@onw d.comFor Media Enquiries:MC Services AGUS: Laurie Doyle  P: +1 339 832 0752Europe: Dr. Johanna Kobler  Katja Arnold  Kaja Skorka  P: +49 89 210 228 0media@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.11,0.66,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Host Webcast', 'ONWARD', 'March', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'eight Breakthrough Device Designations', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'MC Services AG US', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Positive top-line data', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'external, non-invasive platform', 'first pivotal study', 'upper extremity strength', 'marketing approval submissions', 'blood pressure regulation', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'Dr. Johanna Kobler', 'growing US presence', 'implantable pulse generator', 'external (ARC-EX) systems', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'medical technology company', 'US FDA', 'MA USA', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'full year', 'confirmation email', 'United Kingdom', 'International numbers', 'live event', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'wireless programmer', 'human use', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'Media Enquiries', 'Laurie Doyle', 'Katja Arnold', 'Kaja Skorka', 'Investor Enquiries', 'press release', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'forward-looking statements', 'financial highlights', '2023 Financial Calendar', 'financial effects', 'operating results', 'actual results', 'future accuracy', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'business update', 'live webcast', 'Webcast ID', 'basic science', 'additional information', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'past trends', 'ARC-IM neurostimulator', 'actual events', 'Company Enquiries', 'future events', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Switzerland', 'BOSTON', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Management', 'operational', '14:00 CEST', 'Investors', 'public', 'Zoom', 'link', 'session', 'registration', 'Participants', 'phone', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'recording', 'website', 'vision', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'ability', 'Europe', 'Story', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'EPFL', 'CHUV', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility', '08:00', '41']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20477,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/eurocommercial-properties-n-v-invitation-170400988.html,EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.: Invitation to Full Year Results 2022 conference call and webcast,Date: 14 March 2023 Release: After closing of Euronext Eurocommercial Properties N.V. will be announcing its 2022 Full Year Results on Friday 24 March 2023...,Eurocommercial Properties N.V.Date: 14 March 2023Release: After closing of EuronextEurocommercial Properties N.V. will be announcing its 2022 Full Year Results on Friday 24 March 2023 with a press release publication time of 7:30 CET.The Company will host an audio webcast and conference call for investors and analysts starting at 10:00 AM (GMT)/11:00 (CET)  and we would be delighted if you could join.To access the webcast  simply click on the URL:https://https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/eurocommercialproperties/20230324_2/ to register. You will also have the opportunity to type in your questions during the streaming.To access the audio call  please dial:Netherlands: +31(0)20 708 5073UK: +44 (0)330 551 0200US:+1 786 697 3501France: +33 (0)1 70 37 71 66Italy: +39 06 833 60 400Tell the operator the password: EurocommercialThe call will also be audio webcast at: https://www.eurocommercialproperties.com/financial/presentations-webcastsAn accompanying presentation will be available to download from the Company's website at https://www.eurocommercialproperties.com/financial/presentations-webcasts shortly before the start of the call.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.', 'Full Year Results', '2022 conference call', 'Invitation', 'webcast', 'Eurocommercial Properties N.V. Date', 'press release publication time', '2022 Full Year Results', 'channel.royalcast', 'accompanying presentation', 'audio webcast', 'Friday 24 March', 'The Company', 'conference call', 'audio call', '14 March', 'closing', 'Euronext', 'investors', 'analysts', '10:00 AM', 'URL', 'eurocommercialproperties', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'streaming', 'Netherlands', 'UK', 'France', 'Italy', 'operator', 'password', 'website', 'start', '7:30']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20478,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/awilco-drilling-plc-arbitration-processes-070500840.html,Awilco Drilling PLC: Update on Arbitration Processes and Additional Funding Requirement,Aberdeen  14th of March 2023 Reference is made to the stock exchange notice from Awilco Drilling PLC (“Awilco Drilling” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth...,Awilco Drilling PlcAberdeen  14th of March 2023Reference is made to the stock exchange notice from Awilco Drilling PLC (“Awilco Drilling” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: AWDR) published on 22nd of December 2022 and the Q2 2022 Presentation of 9th August 2022.The Company advises that proceedings in the Rig 1 arbitration process completed on 13th January 2023 and the parties now await the judgement of the tribunal. Award on this arbitration case is still anticipated in Q2 2023.The Company also advises that the Tribunal has ordered additional hearing days in the Rig 2 arbitration case  whereby the proceedings in that process are not now expected to complete before Q3 2022. As a consequence of these additional hearing days  and the extensive increase in expert witness evidence and necessary further input from legal advisers  the Company identifies that additional funding will be required. The Company estimates that in addition to the USD 2.0 million planned raised through the announced subsequent offering  a further requirement is forecasted in the region of USD 5 million to enable Awilco Rig 2 Pte. Ltd to pursue the arbitration case to a conclusion. Further funding is expected needed by May 2023. Award on this arbitration case is now anticipated in Q4 2023 or Q1 2024.Awilhelmsen Offshore AS and QVT Family Office Fund LP remain committed to enable Awilco Rig 1 Pte. Ltd and Awilco Rig 2 Pte. Ltd to pursue the arbitration cases to their conclusion.For further information please contact:Eric Jacobs  CEO of Awilco DrillingTel: +44 1224 737900Cathrine Haavind  Investor Relations of Awilco DrillingTel: +47 93 42 84 64Email: ch@awilcodrilling.comThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.43,0.34,True,English,"['Awilco Drilling PLC', 'Additional Funding Requirement', 'Arbitration Processes', 'Update', 'QVT Family Office Fund LP', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'stock exchange notice', 'expert witness evidence', 'Awilhelmsen Offshore AS', 'additional hearing days', 'Awilco Rig 2 Pte', 'Awilco Rig 1 Pte', 'Awilco Drilling Plc', 'Rig 2 arbitration case', 'Rig 1 arbitration process', 'additional funding', 'arbitration cases', 'Euronext Growth', '9th August', '13th January', 'extensive increase', 'legal advisers', 'subsequent offering', 'Further funding', 'Eric Jacobs', 'Cathrine Haavind', 'Investor Relations', 'disclosure requirements', 'The Company', 'Q2 2022 Presentation', 'further information', 'Aberdeen', 'March', 'Reference', 'AWDR', '22nd', 'December', 'proceedings', 'parties', 'judgement', 'tribunal', 'Award', 'Q3', 'consequence', 'necessary', 'input', 'USD', 'region', 'Ltd', 'conclusion', 'May', 'Q4', 'Q1', 'CEO', 'Tel', 'Email', 'Section']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20479,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/iba-looking-100-collaborators-belgium-130000865.html,IBA is looking for 100 new collaborators in Belgium by June 2023,Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  14 March 2023 - IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology wants to hire 100 ...,"IBA SALouvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  14 March 2023 - IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology wants to hire 100 new employees during the first half of 2023. Among the actions undertaken to achieve this goal  the company is organizing a special recruitment evening  ""Meet & Join IBA""  in Louvain-la-Neuve on March 28. Interested parties are invited to register on the Forem website.For more than 35 years  IBA has been designing  producing  and marketing innovative solutions for the diagnosis and treatment of cancer and other serious diseases  as well as industrial applications in the field of sterilization. As a world leader in particle accelerator technology  with an order backlog of more than EUR 1 billion  the company supplies thousands of hospitals and healthcare companies around the world with its accelerators  medical devices and applications for proton therapy  nuclear medicine  sterilization  and dosimetry.IBA  which currently employs more than 1 800 people (including 900 in Belgium) in more than 40 countries  wants to recruit 100 additional employees in Louvain-la-Neuve by June 2023.Talents sought? IT  scientific  technical and management profilesMany profiles are sought to meet the growth of the company's various activities: software developers  R&D project managers  automation engineers  data engineers  buyers  fitters  qualification & validation engineers  electromechanical engineers  hardware engineers  etc.Special recruitment evening on March 28 in Louvain-la-Neuve at IBACandidates interested in the offers are invited to discover the company and the jobs during the ""Meet & Join IBA"" event organized by IBA in collaboration with Forem. This special evening will be an opportunity for candidates to meet their future colleagues while immersing themselves in the unique environment and culture of this international Walloon company. To participate  simply consult IBA's job offers on the Forem website  check the required skills  and fill in the registration form corresponding to the selected position(s). Registration is open until March 26 and is mandatory.Story continues“Meet & Join IBA” with the collaboration of ForemTuesday  March 28 from 5.30 to 9.00 PMChemin du Cyclotron 3  1348 Ottignies-Louvain-la-NeuveProgram:5.30 > 6 PM: Reception6 > 6.20 PM: IBA Presentation6.20 > 6.30 PM: Question & answer session6.30 > 7.15 PM: Guided tour of the assembly hall7.15 > 9 PM: Drink & networkingNews and inscriptions: Meet & join IBA | Agenda (leforem.be)*** Ends ***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 800 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comFor further information  please contact:IBAOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.01,True,English,"['100 new collaborators', 'IBA', 'Belgium', 'June', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'R&D project managers', 'particle accelerator technology', 'other serious diseases', 'Chemin du Cyclotron', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'special recruitment evening', 'international Walloon company', 'position(s', 'special evening', 'industrial applications', 'Bloomberg IBAB', '100 new employees', 'first half', 'Interested parties', 'innovative solutions', 'order backlog', 'healthcare companies', 'medical devices', 'proton therapy', 'nuclear medicine', '100 additional employees', 'management profiles', 'Many profiles', 'various activities', 'software developers', 'automation engineers', 'data engineers', 'validation engineers', 'electromechanical engineers', 'hardware engineers', 'future colleagues', 'unique environment', 'required skills', 'answer session', 'Guided tour', 'assembly hall', 'leading supplier', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'leading player', 'B Corporation', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'Olivier Lechien', 'world leader', 'Forem website', 'job offers', 'registration form', 'More information', 'industrial sterilization', 'IBA SA', 'IBA Presentation', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', '14 March', 'EURONEXT', 'actions', 'goal', '35 years', 'diagnosis', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'field', 'thousands', 'hospitals', 'accelerators', 'dosimetry', '1,800 people', '40 countries', 'June', 'Talents', 'technical', 'growth', 'buyers', 'fitters', 'qualification', 'Candidates', 'jobs', 'event', 'collaboration', 'opportunity', 'culture', 'Story', 'Tuesday', 'Ottignies-Louvain', 'Program', '6 PM', 'Reception', 'Question', 'Drink', 'networking', 'News', 'inscriptions', 'Agenda', 'Ends', 'equipment', 'services', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'social', 'BB', 'group', 'Attachment', '5.30', '9.00', '> 6.20', '6.30', '7.15']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20480,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biotalys-announces-chief-financial-officer-170000803.html,Biotalys announces Chief Financial Officer succession plan,Deputy CFO Douglas Minder to become CFO as of July 2023Ghent  BELGIUM  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural...,"Biotalys NVDeputy CFO Douglas Minder to become CFO as of July 2023Ghent  BELGIUM  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  announced today that its Board of Directors has approved a succession plan under which Douglas Minder will be promoted to Chief Financial Officer (CFO)  effective July 1  2023. He will take over responsibility from Wim Ottevaere  who  after a long and successful career in finance in the life sciences industry  will conclude his operational role and will continue to serve Biotalys in an advisory capacity.“On behalf of the Board of Directors  I would like to extend our deep appreciation to Wim for his outstanding service to Biotalys. During his tenure  the company successfully completed its IPO  transitioning to a publicly listed entity preparing for commercialization ” said Simon Moroney  Chairman of the Board. “We are delighted to have Douglas take on the CFO role. He is a highly knowledgeable  proven financial leader who has already demonstrated his capabilities since joining Biotalys. We know that he will continue to be a great asset as he steps into his new role and joins the executive committee.”“I warmly congratulate Douglas on his promotion. Having already worked together for more than two years at Biotalys  I know he is an excellent choice to become our next CFO. He has a long  successful track record in finance and life sciences that will serve our growth ambition ” said Patrice Sellès  Chief Executive Officer. “I also want to express my sincere gratitude to Wim and acknowledge his strong leadership and dedication to Biotalys. It has been a great pleasure to work with him  and I look forward to his continued contribution as an advisor to the company.”“It has been a privilege for me to work at Biotalys and to have led its IPO in 2021  together with Patrice  Douglas and the team ” said Wim Ottevaere  CFO. “I am proud to have helped bring a platform-based company in the agtech sector to the stock exchange  just like I did previously in my career with similar technology platform companies in pharmaceuticals. I look forward to continuing to support the company once Douglas takes over as CFO and know I am passing the leadership of the financial function into highly capable hands.”Story continuesDouglas Minder joined Biotalys in January 2021 and was appointed Deputy CFO after the company’s IPO to prepare for the role of CFO and start leading the finance team. He has over 30 years of financial experience  which includes more than eight years at Belgium-based multinational biopharmaceutical company UCB. His most recent position there was Finance Business Partner  where he worked across many groups to help them align strategic objectives with the company’s long-range financial plans. He also worked for 20 years as an auditor and consultant at Deloitte  both in Belgium and in the U.S.  where he served various Fortune 500 companies across multiple industries  including biopharma  technology  chemicals and manufacturing. He is an expert in U.S. GAAP and IFRS standards and reporting requirements for both the U.S. and European markets and has built successful cross-departmental relationships to develop continuous improvement solutions throughout an organization.Douglas Minder commented: “I am excited to take on the position of CFO and look forward to leading the finance function and meeting with the investment community. As we advance our pipeline programs through development and onto the market  I will be highly focused on working with the executive committee and Board to effectively grow the business.”Douglas MinderAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. The Biotalys actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer succession plan', 'Biotalys', 'knowledgeable, proven financial leader', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'similar technology platform companies', 'Belgium-based multinational biopharmaceutical company', 'various Fortune 500 companies', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'continuous improvement solutions', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Deputy CFO Douglas Minder', 'successful track record', 'successful cross-departmental relationships', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'life sciences industry', 'safer food supply', 'key crop pests', 'U.S. GAAP', 'long-range financial plans', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Finance Business Partner', 'financial function', 'financial experience', 'Agricultural Technology', 'executive committee', 'successful career', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'succession plan', 'advisory capacity', 'deep appreciation', 'outstanding service', 'Simon Moroney', 'great asset', 'excellent choice', 'growth ambition', 'sincere gratitude', 'great pleasure', 'continued contribution', 'stock exchange', 'capable hands', 'many groups', 'strategic objectives', 'multiple industries', 'IFRS standards', 'reporting requirements', 'European markets', 'investment community', 'pipeline programs', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Important Notice', 'forward-looking terminology', 'finance function', 'operational role', 'new role', 'looking statements', 'next CFO', 'food protection', 'Wim Ottevaere', 'two years', 'eight years', 'recent position', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'platform-based company', 'CFO role', 'agtech sector', 'finance team', 'Biotalys NV', 'strong leadership', 'Toon Musschoot', '30 years', '20 years', 'July', 'Ghent', 'BTLS', 'Board', 'Directors', 'responsibility', 'behalf', 'tenure', 'IPO', 'entity', 'commercialization', 'Chairman', 'capabilities', 'promotion', 'dedication', 'privilege', 'pharmaceuticals', 'Story', 'January', 'UCB', 'auditor', 'consultant', 'Deloitte', 'chemicals', 'manufacturing', 'expert', 'organization', 'development', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'Head', 'Communication', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'target']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20481,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/information-regarding-trading-suspension-connection-073100592.html,Information regarding trading suspension in connection with U.S. reregistration process and notice of ticker change,Bermuda  March 14  2023: Reference is made to the press release published by Cool Company Ltd. (“CoolCo” or the “Company”) on February 14  2023 regarding the...,Cool Company Ltd.Bermuda  March 14  2023: Reference is made to the press release published by Cool Company Ltd. (“CoolCo” or the “Company”) on February 14  2023 regarding the Company’s public filing of a registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to list its common shares on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and on March 10  2023 regarding the conclusion of the regulatory review process for the NYSE Listing and the update on the trading suspension.In connection with the listing of the Company’s shares on the NYSE and to facilitate the transfer of the Company’s shares between the NYSE and Euronext Growth Oslo  the Company will amend the registration structure for its shares (the “Reregistration Process”). A trading suspension of the Company’s shares will be required in connection with the Reregistration Process (the “Trading Suspension”). Further  the Company will change its ticker code on Euronext Growth Oslo from “COOL” to CLCO” effective from and including March 17  2023.Details on the Trading Suspension in CoolCo’s SharesDue to the technical settlement requirements of Euronext Securities Oslo (the “VPS”)  the central securities depository in Norway where the Company’s shares are registered  the Trading Suspension will be required from and including March 15  2023 to and including March 16  2023. Oslo Børs has approved the Company’s request for the Trading Suspension.During the Trading Suspension  the Company’s shares will be temporarily suspended from trading on Euronext Growth Oslo. From the perspective of an investor holding the Company’s shares in the VPS  the last settlement cycle for shares traded prior to the Trading Suspension will take place on March 16  2023. Investors trading in the Company’s shares prior to start of the Trading Suspension should not agree to settlement periods that would provide for settlement after March 16  2023. Any such trades with settlement after March 16  2023 are expected to be cancelled.Story continuesFollowing completion of the Reregistration Process  the Trading Suspension will end and the Company’s shares will resume trading as normal  which is expected to occur from and including the start of trading on March 17  2023.Set out below is the anticipated timeline of the Trading Suspension:March 14  2023: Last day of trading in the Company’s shares on Euronext Growth Oslo prior to the Trading Suspension. All trades done on March 14  2023 must be executed with regular settlement T+2 or shorter.March 15  2023: Trading Suspension on Euronext Growth Oslo.March 16  2023: Trading Suspension on Euronext Growth Oslo. Reregistration Process expected to be completed.March 17  2023: Expected end of the Trading Suspension and the Company’s shares will resume normal trading from start of trading on Euronext Growth Oslo.No action is required by an investor holding shares in the VPS in connection with the Trading Suspension  and investors’ holdings will continue to be registered in the VPS.Reference is made to the press release published by the Company on February 14  2023 for further details on the effects of the Reregistration Process on procedures for exercising shareholder rights  etc.Details on Ticker ChangeIn connection with the listing of the Company’s shares on the NYSE  the Company’s ticker code on Euronext Growth Oslo will change from “COOL” to “CLCO”. The change will take effect from and including March 17  2023.ABOUT COOLCOCoolCo is a growth-oriented owner  operator and manager of fuel-efficient liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) carriers. Using its integrated  in-house vessel management platform  CoolCo provides charterers and third-party LNG vessel owners with modern and flexible management and transportation solutions  delivering a lesser-emitting form of energy that supports decarbonization efforts  economic growth  energy security  and improvements in quality of life. CoolCo intends to leverage its industry relationships to make further accretive acquisitions of in-service LNGCs  and to selectively pursue newbuild opportunities.Additional information about CoolCo can be found at www.coolcoltd.com .For further information  please contact:ir@coolcoltd.comForward-looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements which include statements with respect to the Company’s planned listing on the NYSE  including the expected timing thereof and plans with respect to amending the registration structure for our shares  including a planned suspension of trading and the expected timing thereof  our business and other non-historical statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases  such as “about”  “believe ” “expect ” “plan ” “goal ” “target ” “strategy ” and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “may ” “will ” “should ” “would ” and “could.” Forward-looking statements are based on our current estimates or expectations of future events or future results and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those indicated by these statements  including risks described under the section captioned “Risk Factors ” in CoolCo’s registration statement on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 7  2023  which contains additional information about factors that could affect actual results  including risks relating to our industry  business operations  financing and liquidity  regulation and other risks described in the registration statement. The forward-looking statements included in this press release are made and based on information available at the time of the release  and the Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements in Regulation EU 596/2014 (MAR) article 19 number 3 and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.22,0.54,True,English,"['U.S. reregistration process', 'trading suspension', 'ticker change', 'Information', 'connection', 'notice', 'fuel-efficient liquefied natural gas', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'house vessel management platform', 'third-party LNG vessel owners', 'U.S. Securities', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'central securities depository', 'Oslo Børs', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'regulatory review process', 'technical settlement requirements', 'other non-historical statements', 'last settlement cycle', 'Cool Company Ltd', 'Exchange Commission', 'LNG”) carriers', 'flexible management', 'economic growth', 'Last day', 'Reregistration Process', 'press release', 'public filing', 'registration statement', 'registration structure', 'ticker code', 'settlement periods', 'regular settlement', 'shareholder rights', 'growth-oriented owner', 'transportation solutions', 'lesser-emitting form', 'decarbonization efforts', 'industry relationships', 'accretive acquisitions', 'service LNGCs', 'newbuild opportunities', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'expected timing', 'planned suspension', 'similar expressions', 'conditional verbs', 'current estimates', 'actual results', 'trading suspension', 'normal trading', 'future events', 'future results', 'Ticker Change', 'energy security', 'Additional information', 'common shares', 'NYSE Listing', 'Bermuda', 'March', 'Reference', 'CoolCo', 'February', 'conclusion', 'update', 'connection', 'transfer', 'CLCO', 'Details', 'VPS', 'Norway', 'request', 'perspective', 'investor', 'place', 'start', 'trades', 'Story', 'completion', 'timeline', 'end', 'action', 'holdings', 'effects', 'procedures', 'operator', 'manager', 'integrated', 'charterers', 'modern', 'improvements', 'quality', 'life', 'respect', 'plans', 'business', 'words', 'phrases', 'believe', 'goal', 'target', 'strategy', 'expectations', 'risks', 'uncertainties']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20482,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-113700245.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information in Respect of Q4 2022,On 3 March 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the fourth quarter of 2022. The...,LONDON  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 3 March 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the fourth quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 7 March 2023. The record date is 8 March 2023. Payment of the dividend will take place from 31 March 2023.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 20 March 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 31 March 2023.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 20 March 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 31 March 2023.The reference price for shares delivered in lieu of cash is U.S. $10.42  resulting in a conversion ratio of one newly issued share for every 94.73 dividend rights held. The reference price is based on the volume–weighted average of the trading prices of a non-voting share on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the five-day trading period (treated as a single period) from 7 March to 13 March 2023.For further information on the Optional Stock Dividend Plan  please refer to the brochure on Tetragon's website.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com .Tetragon:Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com U.K. +44 20 3890 9193 U.S. +1 212 279 3115Story continuesThis release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-information-in-respect-of-q4-2022-301771426.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.18,0.59,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information', 'Respect', 'Q4', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'alternative investment fund', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'volume–weighted average', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'five-day trading period', 'investment manager', '94.73 dividend rights', 'U.K.', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'trading prices', 'single period', 'fourth quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'reference price', 'conversion ratio', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'European Union', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'voting shares', 'currency election', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'share election', 'Cash dividends', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', 'Payment', 'place', 'website', 'information', 'shareholders', 'Sterling', 'lieu', 'brochure', 'Story', 'release', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'Cision']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20483,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-share-buy-073000164.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 7 March 2023 – 13 March 2023,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  14 March 2023 In the period from 7 March 2023 until 13 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 56 761 of ...,Van Lanschot Kempen NVAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  14 March 2023In the period from 7 March 2023 until 13 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 56 761 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.74 per share for a total amount of €1 574 476.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 119 471.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Story continuesThis press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.4,0.6,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'March', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', 'March', 'period', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20484,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lleida-net-granted-72-patents-063100337.html,Lleida.net  granted 72 new patents in Europe. Its digital signature solutions portfolio approaches 300 patents,MADRID  Spain  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (OTCQX:LLEIF) (EPA:ALLLN) (BME:LLN)  a leader in the registered...,"Lleida.netMADRID  Spain  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (OTCQX:LLEIF) (EPA:ALLLN) (BME:LLN)  a leader in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry  has been granted 72 new patents in Europe for its electronic contract certification and electronic signature methods.Patents received worldwide by the company now total 298 in what is one of the world's largest intellectual property portfolios in the field of trusted digital services. In just the last week  when Lleida.net announced the granting of patents in Germany  Austria and Switzerland  the company's portfolio  and thus its competitive advantage in the industry  increased by 30%.The first patent  EP3461074  relates to its ""Certification method of an electronic contract for electronic identification and trust services (EIDAS)"" and has been recognized in the following countries: Albania  Belgium  Bulgaria  Switzerland  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Estonia  Spain  Finland  France  United Kingdom  Greece  Croatia  Hungary  Ireland  Iceland  Italy  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Latvia  Monaco  North Macedonia  Malta  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Serbia  Sweden  Slovenia  Slovakia or Turkey.The second patent  EP3767875  granted by the same countries  is for its ""Method for signing contracts electronically.""Both are valid for 20 years.""The patents are recognition of the innovation and hard work of our team. They reinforce our commitment to continue developing new and disruptive technologies that solve real-world problems and drive digital transformation "" said Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of Lleida.net.""Our patented technologies are a testament to our commitment to innovation and excellence in the field of e-recruitment and digital signature solutions. As we recently announced  we will continue to invest in research and development to create cutting-edge solutions that meet the evolving needs of our customers and the market "" added Sapena.Story continuesThe company  which is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris  BME Growth in Madrid and OTCQX in New York  has already obtained worldwide patent recognition in more than 60 countries.Lleida.net's growth strategy includes a solid growth policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy. A recent study prepared by the firm Coller IP  has valued Lleida.net's SaaS intellectual property portfolio alone at 14.1 million euros  a conservative valuation of a single family of the company's key intangible assets.Currently  the company's patent portfolio comprises 17 patent families respectively directed to different aspects of the company's technologies and developments.Recently  the company announced the launch of its USVC product  the first universal electronic signature validator. The system  for which a patent application has already been filed in several countries  can confirm the origin of any electronic signature and provide certainty about its provenance and authenticity. It can verify the veracity of any digital signature  regardless of the platform with which it was signed  be it Docusign  Adobe  qualified electronic signature or any other.The company's latest earnings presentation took place last week  with the announcement of the best sales results since its founding in 1995  with over 20 million in revenue.CONTACT: Pedrosa IR ir@pedrosa.uk",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.2,0.11,True,English,"['digital signature solutions portfolio', 'Lleida.net', '72 new patents', '300 patents', 'Europe', 'first universal electronic signature validator', 'Spanish listed company Lleida.net', 'largest intellectual property portfolios', 'SaaS intellectual property portfolio', 'key intangible assets', 'latest earnings presentation', 'best sales results', 'registered electronic signature', 'electronic signature methods', 'qualified electronic signature', 'trusted digital services', 'digital signature solutions', 'electronic contract certification', 'solid growth policy', 'worldwide patent recognition', 'first patent', 'electronic identification', 'trust services', 'digital transformation', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'internationalization policy', 'patent portfolio', 'Euronext Growth', 'growth strategy', 'second patent', '17 patent families', 'patent application', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'last week', 'competitive advantage', 'Certification method', 'Czech Republic', 'United Kingdom', 'North Macedonia', 'hard work', 'real-world problems', 'evolving needs', 'R&D', 'recent study', 'Coller IP', '14.1 million euros', 'conservative valuation', 'single family', 'different aspects', 'USVC product', 'Pedrosa IR', 'following countries', 'same countries', 'BME Growth', 'several countries', 'New York', 'OTCQX:LLEIF', 'contracting industry', 'Sisco Sapena', 'disruptive technologies', '72 new patents', '60 countries', 'MADRID', 'Spain', 'EPA', 'ALLLN', 'leader', 'notification', 'Europe', 'field', 'granting', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Switzerland', 'EIDAS', 'Albania', 'Belgium', 'Bulgaria', 'Cyprus', 'Denmark', 'Estonia', 'Finland', 'France', 'Greece', 'Croatia', 'Hungary', 'Ireland', 'Iceland', 'Italy', 'Liechtenstein', 'Lithuania', 'Luxembourg', 'Latvia', 'Monaco', 'Malta', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Romania', 'Serbia', 'Sweden', 'Slovenia', 'Slovakia', 'Turkey', 'contracts', '20 years', 'innovation', 'team', 'commitment', 'CEO', 'founder', 'testament', 'excellence', 'research', 'development', 'customers', 'market', 'Story', 'Paris', 'reinforcement', 'firm', 'launch', 'system', 'origin', 'certainty', 'provenance', 'authenticity', 'veracity', 'platform', 'Docusign', 'Adobe', 'place', 'announcement', 'founding', 'revenue', 'CONTACT']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20485,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/14/2627128/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-amount-of-the-dividend.html,Dassault Systèmes: amount of the dividend,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 14  2023  Dividend  Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) announces that the Board...,English FrenchPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 14  2023DividendDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) announces that the Board of Directors decided to propose to the next General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 24  2023 a dividend of twenty-one eurocents (€0.21) per share for the year 2022  payable in cash only.Shares would be traded ex-dividend as of May 29  2023.Dividends would be made payable on May 31  2023.Bernard Charlès  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer comments:“Dassault Systèmes delivers on its commitments: the company is one year ahead of its deleveraging schedule ; we execute on our established dividend policy as planned ; and we maintain our capacity to invest to support our long term strategy”.###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez / François-José Bordonado: Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 / 69 24 Jamie Ricketts: +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.com Tom Blundell: +44 20 3727 1600USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe: +33 1 61 62 87 73arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DS OUTSCALE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French ‘société européenne’ (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'amount', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'French ‘société européenne', 'next General Meeting', 'Bernard Charlès', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'long term strategy', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'François-José Bordonado', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'Press Release', 'English French', 'commercial trademarks', 'Euronext Paris', 'twenty-one eurocents', 'deleveraging schedule', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'FTI Consulting', 'Arnaud de', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'Tom Blundell', 'Arnaud Malherbe', '3DS logo', 'Compass icon', '3DS OUTSCALE', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'dividend policy', 'other countries', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', '150 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'March', 'DSY', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'year', 'cash', 'Shares', 'Dividends', 'Chairman', 'commitments', 'capacity', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'Cheffontaines', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,globenewswire.com
20486,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000051.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8551 £ 23.6861 Estimated MTD return -1.51 % -1.47 % Estimated YTD return -3.29 % -3.03 % Estimated ITD return 168.55 % 136.86 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.08 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 870.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.05 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.8114 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.4162The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20487,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000286.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8551 £ 23.6861 Estimated MTD return -1.51 % -1.47 % Estimated YTD return -3.29 % -3.03 % Estimated ITD return 168.55 % 136.86 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.08 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 870.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.05 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.8114 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.4162The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20488,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/14/2626329/0/en/Information-regarding-trading-suspension-in-connection-with-U-S-reregistration-process-and-notice-of-ticker-change.html,Information regarding trading suspension in connection with U.S. reregistration process and notice of ticker change,Bermuda  March 14  2023: Reference is made to the press release published by Cool Company Ltd. (“CoolCo” or the “Company”) on February 14  2023 regarding the Company’s public filing of a registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission …,Bermuda  March 14  2023: Reference is made to the press release published by Cool Company Ltd. (“CoolCo” or the “Company”) on February 14  2023 regarding the Company’s public filing of a registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to list its common shares on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and on March 10  2023 regarding the conclusion of the regulatory review process for the NYSE Listing and the update on the trading suspension.In connection with the listing of the Company’s shares on the NYSE and to facilitate the transfer of the Company’s shares between the NYSE and Euronext Growth Oslo  the Company will amend the registration structure for its shares (the “Reregistration Process”). A trading suspension of the Company’s shares will be required in connection with the Reregistration Process (the “Trading Suspension”). Further  the Company will change its ticker code on Euronext Growth Oslo from “COOL” to CLCO” effective from and including March 17  2023.Details on the Trading Suspension in CoolCo’s SharesDue to the technical settlement requirements of Euronext Securities Oslo (the “VPS”)  the central securities depository in Norway where the Company’s shares are registered  the Trading Suspension will be required from and including March 15  2023 to and including March 16  2023. Oslo Børs has approved the Company’s request for the Trading Suspension.During the Trading Suspension  the Company’s shares will be temporarily suspended from trading on Euronext Growth Oslo. From the perspective of an investor holding the Company’s shares in the VPS  the last settlement cycle for shares traded prior to the Trading Suspension will take place on March 16  2023. Investors trading in the Company’s shares prior to start of the Trading Suspension should not agree to settlement periods that would provide for settlement after March 16  2023. Any such trades with settlement after March 16  2023 are expected to be cancelled.Following completion of the Reregistration Process  the Trading Suspension will end and the Company’s shares will resume trading as normal  which is expected to occur from and including the start of trading on March 17  2023.Set out below is the anticipated timeline of the Trading Suspension:March 14  2023: Last day of trading in the Company’s shares on Euronext Growth Oslo prior to the Trading Suspension. All trades done on March 14  2023 must be executed with regular settlement T+2 or shorter.March 15  2023: Trading Suspension on Euronext Growth Oslo.March 16  2023: Trading Suspension on Euronext Growth Oslo. Reregistration Process expected to be completed.March 17  2023: Expected end of the Trading Suspension and the Company’s shares will resume normal trading from start of trading on Euronext Growth Oslo.No action is required by an investor holding shares in the VPS in connection with the Trading Suspension  and investors’ holdings will continue to be registered in the VPS.Reference is made to the press release published by the Company on February 14  2023 for further details on the effects of the Reregistration Process on procedures for exercising shareholder rights  etc.Details on Ticker ChangeIn connection with the listing of the Company’s shares on the NYSE  the Company’s ticker code on Euronext Growth Oslo will change from “COOL” to “CLCO”. The change will take effect from and including March 17  2023.ABOUT COOLCOCoolCo is a growth-oriented owner  operator and manager of fuel-efficient liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) carriers. Using its integrated  in-house vessel management platform  CoolCo provides charterers and third-party LNG vessel owners with modern and flexible management and transportation solutions  delivering a lesser-emitting form of energy that supports decarbonization efforts  economic growth  energy security  and improvements in quality of life. CoolCo intends to leverage its industry relationships to make further accretive acquisitions of in-service LNGCs  and to selectively pursue newbuild opportunities.Additional information about CoolCo can be found at www.coolcoltd.com .For further information  please contact:ir@coolcoltd.comForward-looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements which include statements with respect to the Company’s planned listing on the NYSE  including the expected timing thereof and plans with respect to amending the registration structure for our shares  including a planned suspension of trading and the expected timing thereof  our business and other non-historical statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases  such as “about”  “believe ” “expect ” “plan ” “goal ” “target ” “strategy ” and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “may ” “will ” “should ” “would ” and “could.” Forward-looking statements are based on our current estimates or expectations of future events or future results and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those indicated by these statements  including risks described under the section captioned “Risk Factors ” in CoolCo’s registration statement on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 7  2023  which contains additional information about factors that could affect actual results  including risks relating to our industry  business operations  financing and liquidity  regulation and other risks described in the registration statement. The forward-looking statements included in this press release are made and based on information available at the time of the release  and the Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements in Regulation EU 596/2014 (MAR) article 19 number 3 and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.19,0.5,True,English,"['U.S. reregistration process', 'trading suspension', 'ticker change', 'Information', 'connection', 'notice', 'fuel-efficient liquefied natural gas', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'house vessel management platform', 'third-party LNG vessel owners', 'U.S. Securities', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'central securities depository', 'Oslo Børs', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'regulatory review process', 'technical settlement requirements', 'other non-historical statements', 'last settlement cycle', 'Cool Company Ltd.', 'Exchange Commission', 'LNG”) carriers', 'flexible management', 'economic growth', 'Last day', 'Reregistration Process', 'press release', 'public filing', 'registration statement', 'registration structure', 'ticker code', 'settlement periods', 'regular settlement', 'shareholder rights', 'growth-oriented owner', 'transportation solutions', 'lesser-emitting form', 'decarbonization efforts', 'industry relationships', 'accretive acquisitions', 'service LNGCs', 'newbuild opportunities', 'expected timing', 'planned suspension', 'similar expressions', 'conditional verbs', 'current estimates', 'actual results', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'trading suspension', 'normal trading', 'future events', 'future results', 'Ticker Change', 'energy security', 'Additional information', 'common shares', 'NYSE Listing', 'Bermuda', 'March', 'Reference', 'CoolCo', 'February', 'conclusion', 'update', 'connection', 'transfer', 'CLCO', 'Details', 'VPS', 'Norway', 'request', 'perspective', 'investor', 'place', 'start', 'trades', 'completion', 'timeline', 'end', 'action', 'holdings', 'effects', 'procedures', 'operator', 'manager', 'integrated', 'charterers', 'modern', 'improvements', 'quality', 'life', 'respect', 'plans', 'business', 'words', 'phrases', 'believe', 'goal', 'target', 'strategy', 'expectations', 'risks', 'uncertainties']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,globenewswire.com
20489,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/groupe-partouche-turnover-1st-quarter-170000869.html,GROUPE PARTOUCHE: Turnover 1st quarter 2023: € 116.4 M - Consolidation of the recovery - +21.1 % growth vs 2022 at a constant scope of consolidation - 22nd March 2023 General Meeting: dividend proposal of 0.32 € per share,Turnover 1st quarter 2023: € 116.4 M (compared to € 98.1 M in 2022)Consolidation of the recovery+21.1 % growth vs 2022 at a constant scope of...,"GROUPE PARTOUCHETurnover 1st quarter 2023: € 116.4 M (compared to € 98.1 M in 2022)Consolidation of the recovery+21.1 % growth vs 2022 at a constant scope of consolidation22nd March 2023 General Meeting: dividend proposal of 0.32 € per shareParis  14th March 2023  06:00 p.m. – Groupe Partouche  a European leader in gaming  publishes today its consolidated turnover for the 1st quarter 2023 (November 2022 – January 2023).As a reminder  during the 1st quarter of the previous financial year (November 2021 to January 2022)  the Group's casinos continued to suffer from the health constraints in place which weighed on their attendance:In France: the ""Health Pass""  non-free antigenic and PCR tests as well as the introduction of the ""Vaccination Pass"" as from 24 th January 2022 In Switzerland: introduction of the ""Vaccination Pass"" from 20th December 2021  lifted on 17th February 2022.Moreover  the 1st quarter 2023 takes into account a scope effect linked in particular to the sale on 31st January 2022 of the stake held in the Crans-Montana casino (GGR of € 2.4 M in the 1st quarter 2022 and € 3.7 M in the 1st quarter 2020) and the entry into the Group’s fold of the Middelkerke Casino as from 1st July 2022  for an opening on 8th July 2022 after some refurbishment works (GGR of € 0.7 M in the 1st quarter 2023).Turnover 1st quarter 2023: € 116.4 M (compared to € 98.1 M in 2022)  i.e. +18 6 %Taking into account the aforementioned items  Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) stands at € 171.9 M in the 1st quarter 2023 compared to € 141.8 M a year earlier  up by +21.3 %. At constant scope  it increases by +22.9 % compared to the 1st quarter 2022 (+8.4 % compared to the 1st quarter 2020).In France  during the 1st quarter 2023  GGR increases by +22.2 % at € 153.8 M for all types of games: Slots +19.1 %  Non Electronic Table Games +24.8 % and Electronic Games +42.4 %.Abroad  GGR increases by +13.4 % reaching € 18.1 M compared to 1st quarter 2022  and by +28.7 % compared to 1st quarter 2022 at a constant scope of consolidation. Swiss online games progress by +25.4% compared to the previous year.Story continuesIn total  after levies  Net Gaming Revenue increases by +17.3 % to € 96.8 M in the 1st quarter 2023. Turnover for the 1st quarter 2023 amounts to € 116.4 M  up by +18.6 % year-on-year  after taking into account the turnover of other activities. At a constant scope (excluding the operation of games and online gaming and betting in Ostend  Belgium)  it increases by +21.1 % compared to the 1st quarter of 2022 (+3.3 % compared to the 1st quarter of 2020).General Meeting and dividend distributionDuring the General Meeting which will take place on Wednesday 22nd of March  the shareholders will have the opportunity to vote on the distribution of a dividend in the amount of € 3 080 650.88 (i.e. € 0.32 per share). The payment of this dividend will take place no later than 31st July 2023.Launching of the Joker ClubGroupe Partouche Web3 subsidiary  Partouche Multiverse is pleased to announce the launch of Joker Club  a collection of 8.888 NFTs Jokers. These NFTs offer exclusive advantages in the Partouche ecosystem and with its partners. From 10th to 19th March 2023  the customers will be able to access the presale of these NFTs. The official public sale (MINT) will take place on the 23rd March.The objective is to build the Partouche 3.0 community  in this year of the 50th anniversary of the Group which has always had innovation in its DNA. Through Partouche Multiverse  the Group is taking a step into Web3 and block chain activities. A new way of experiencing entertainment by connecting it with new uses and new audiences. More information at www.jokerclub.ioUpcoming events:General meeting: Wednesday 22nd March 2023Turnover 2nd quarter: Tuesday 13th June 2023  after stock market closureGroupe Partouche was established in 1973 and has grown to become one of the market leaders in Europe in its business sector. Listed on the stock exchange  it operates casinos  a gaming club  hotels  restaurants  spas and golf courses. The Group operates 41 casinos and employs nearly 3 900 people. It is well known for innovating and testing the games of tomorrow  which allows it to be confident about its future  while aiming to strengthen its leading position and continue to enhance its profitability. Groupe Partouche was floated on the stock exchange in 1995  and is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment. ISIN: FR0012612646 – Bloomberg: PARP:FP - Reuters: PARP.PA - Bloomberg: PARP:FPANNEX1- Construction of the consolidated turnover for the 1st quarter (November N-1 to January N)In €M 2023 2022 Variation 2023/2022 2020 Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) 171.9 141.8 21.3% 174.8 Levies -75.2 -59.3 26.8% -71.8 Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) 96.8 82.5 17.3% 103.0 Turnover excluding NGR 20.5 16.6 23.6% 24.6 Fidelity Programme -0.8 -0.9 -10.7% -0.9 Total Consolidated Turnover 116.4 98.1 18.6% 126.72- Breakdown of turnover by activity at 1st quarter (November N-1 to January N)In €M 2023 2022 Variation 2023/2022 2020 Casinos 108.9 91.9 18.5% 117.5 Hotels 5.2 3.9 34.1% 1.4 Other 2.3 2.3 -2.7% 7.9 Total Consolidated Turnover 116.4 98.1 18.6% 126.73- GlossaryThe ""Gross Gaming Revenue"" corresponds to the sum of the various operated games  after deduction of the payment of the winnings to the players. This amount is debited of the ""levies"" (i.e. tax to the State  the city halls  CSG  CRDS).The «Gross Gaming Revenue» after deduction of the levies  becomes the ""Net Gaming Revenue ""  a component of the turnover.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.17,0.3,True,English,"['Turnover 1st quarter', 'GROUPE PARTOUCHE', 'constant scope', '22nd March', 'General Meeting', 'Consolidation', 'recovery', '+21.1 % growth', 'proposal', 'share', 'Non Electronic Table Games', 'Groupe Partouche Web3 subsidiary', 'Gross Gaming Revenue', 'Net Gaming Revenue', 'official public sale', 'stock market closure', 'Swiss online games', 'Total Consolidated Turnover', 'previous financial year', 'Turnover 2nd quarter', 'Turnover 1st quarter', 'Electronic Games', 'online gaming', 'market leaders', 'gaming club', 'stock exchange', 'previous year', 'Partouche Multiverse', 'Partouche ecosystem', 'Partouche 3.0 community', '1st July', 'constant scope', 'General Meeting', 'European leader', 'health constraints', 'Health Pass', 'free antigenic', 'PCR tests', 'Vaccination Pass', '20th December', '17th February', 'scope effect', 'Crans-Montana casino', 'Middelkerke Casino', '8th July', 'refurbishment works', 'other activities', 'Joker Club', 'exclusive advantages', '50th anniversary', 'chain activities', 'new way', 'new uses', 'new audiences', 'More information', 'Upcoming events', 'business sector', 'golf courses', 'leading position', 'Fidelity Programme', '2- Breakdown', '22nd March', '14th March', '19th March', '23rd March', '24 th January', '31st January', 'January N', 'Wednesday 22nd', 'Euronext Paris', '8.888 NFTs Jokers', 'The Group', '103.0 Turnover', 'Consolidation', 'recovery', '+21.1 % growth', 'proposal', 'share', 'November', 'reminder', 'casinos', 'place', 'attendance', 'France', 'introduction', 'Switzerland', 'account', 'stake', 'GGR', 'entry', 'fold', 'opening', '0.7 M', 'items', 'types', 'Slots', 'Story', 'levies', 'operation', 'betting', 'Ostend', 'Belgium', 'distribution', 'opportunity', 'amount', 'payment', 'dividend', 'Launching', 'collection', 'partners', '10th', 'customers', 'presale', 'MINT', 'objective', 'innovation', 'DNA', 'step', 'entertainment', 'jokerclub', 'Tuesday', 'hotels', 'restaurants', 'spas', '3,900 people', 'tomorrow', 'future', 'profitability', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'PARP', 'FP', 'Reuters', 'ANNEX', 'Construction', '€M', 'Variation', 'NGR', 'activity', '06:00']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20490,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-113278538/news/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-N-V-Invitation-to-Full-Year-Results-2022-conference-call-and-webcast-43243276/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.: Invitation to Full Year Results 2022 conference call and webcast,(marketscreener.com) Date: 14 March 2023 Release: After closing of Euronext Eurocommercial Properties N.V. will be announcing its 2022 Full Year Results on Friday 24 March 2023 with a press release publication time of 7:30 CET.  The Company will host an audio…,Date: 14 March 2023Release: After closing of EuronextEurocommercial Properties N.V. will be announcing its 2022 Full Year Results on Friday 24 March 2023 with a press release publication time of 7:30 CET.The Company will host an audio webcast and conference call for investors and analysts starting at 10:00 AM (GMT)/11:00 (CET)  and we would be delighted if you could join.To access the webcast  simply click on the URL:https://https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/eurocommercialproperties/20230324_2/ to register. You will also have the opportunity to type in your questions during the streaming.To access the audio call  please dial:Netherlands: +31(0)20 708 5073UK: +44 (0)330 551 0200US:+1 786 697 3501France: +33 (0)1 70 37 71 66Italy: +39 06 833 60 400Tell the operator the password: EurocommercialThe call will also be audio webcast at: https://www.eurocommercialproperties.com/financial/presentations-webcastsAn accompanying presentation will be available to download from the Company's website at https://www.eurocommercialproperties.com/financial/presentations-webcasts shortly before the start of the call.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.94,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.', 'Full Year Results', '2022 conference call', 'Invitation', 'webcast', 'Eurocommercial Properties N.V.', 'press release publication time', '2022 Full Year Results', 'channel.royalcast', 'accompanying presentation', 'audio webcast', 'Friday 24 March', 'The Company', 'conference call', 'audio call', '14 March', 'Date', 'closing', 'Euronext', 'investors', 'analysts', '10:00 AM', 'URL', 'eurocommercialproperties', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'streaming', 'Netherlands', 'UK', 'France', 'Italy', 'operator', 'password', 'presentations-webcasts', 'website', 'start', '7:30']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20491,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-information-in-respect-of-q4-2022-301771438.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information in Respect of Q4 2022,LONDON  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 3 March 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the fourth quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 7 March 2023. The record date is 8 March 202…,LONDON  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 3 March 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the fourth quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 7 March 2023. The record date is 8 March 2023. Payment of the dividend will take place from 31 March 2023.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 20 March 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 31 March 2023.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 20 March 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 31 March 2023.The reference price for shares delivered in lieu of cash is U.S. $10.42  resulting in a conversion ratio of one newly issued share for every 94.73 dividend rights held. The reference price is based on the volume–weighted average of the trading prices of a non-voting share on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the five-day trading period (treated as a single period) from 7 March to 13 March 2023.For further information on the Optional Stock Dividend Plan  please refer to the brochure on Tetragon's website.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com .Tetragon:Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com U.K. +44 20 3890 9193 U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information', 'Respect', 'Q4', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'alternative investment fund', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'volume–weighted average', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'five-day trading period', 'investment manager', '94.73 dividend rights', 'U.K.', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'trading prices', 'single period', 'fourth quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'reference price', 'conversion ratio', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'European Union', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'voting shares', 'currency election', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'share election', 'Cash dividends', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', 'Payment', 'place', 'website', 'information', 'shareholders', 'Sterling', 'lieu', 'brochure', 'release', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.co.uk
20492,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/volta-finance-limited-net-asset-111700682.html,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value as at 28 February 2023,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – February 2023 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED...,"Volta Finance LimitedVolta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – February 2023 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  14 March 2023AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for February 2023. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYVolta Finance is pleased to report another positive performance in February at +1.7% after a strong January performance of +5.5% and thus a good start for 2023.February performance reflected the carry of the portfolio during a relatively quiet month. In terms of defaults  over the month the rolling 12-month default rate increased by 0.2% (from 0.8 to 1%) in the US  while decreasing by 0.2% for European loans (from 0.4% to 0.2%). Current levels are significantly below the level projected by the rating agencies  with defaults expected to reach 2.5 to 4.5% for 2023. We are still being more constructive than that  and expect default rates to stay at the bottom of this range.The Q4 2022 earnings season did again confirm our view that inflation can provide some benefits: selling prices are easier to adjust when overall prices move (compared to when they are flat)  which helps transfering higher costs to clients and maintaining profitability. As a result  during February  earnings were better than expected.February is a structurally weak month in terms of interest and cash flows collected from Volta’s assets: Volta received the equivalent of €1m of interests and coupons. However  over the usual rolling 6-month time frame  Volta received €22.2m of interests and coupons  ie. a 19.4% annualized cash flow to NAV.Given that defaults are still materializing at a low pace  even if we are proven wrong and default rates reach the higher end of the above-mentioned range  we consider a materially negative impact on CLO Equity quarterly payments in 2023 as a remote risk.Story continuesIn February  the volume of loan refinancings (amend-and-extend) increased again  enabling CLOs that are still reinvesting to increase the WAS (Weighted Average Spread) of their underlying loan books. All other things being equal  higher WAS means higher cashflows distributed to the Equity. As a result  we expect Volta cash flows to increase in the coming quarters.Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follows: +0.8% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +3.7% for CLO Equity tranches  +2.2% for CLO Debt tranches; and -0.1% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (which represent circa 2.2% of the fund’s NAV).No significant purchases were made in February. We think that some pricing weakness on loans will show in the coming months if we are confirmed to live longer with higher rates. Volta accumulated a bit of cash over the last 2 months and we hope this will allow us to make some good investments  at a discount  in the coming weeks/months.As at the end of February 2023  Volta’s NAV was €229.1m or €6.26 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 5.87% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 5.32% as at 31 January 2023  0.55% as at 30 September 2022.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s investment objectives are to preserve capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its shareholders through dividends. Volta seeks to attain its investment objectives predominantly through diversified investments in structured finance assets. The assets that the Company may invest in either directly or indirectly include  but are not limited to: corporate credits; sovereign and quasi-sovereign debt; residential mortgage loans; and  automobile loans. The Company’s approach to investment is through vehicles and arrangements that essentially provide leveraged exposure to portfolios of such underlying assets. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 460 professionals and €887 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2021.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.04,0.48,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '28 February', 'underlying sub asset classes monthly performances', 'usual rolling 6-month time frame', 'Volta Finance Limited Volta Finance Limited', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'rolling 12-month default rate', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'The Q4 2022 earnings season', 'CLO Equity quarterly payments', 'underlying loan books', 'CLO Debt tranches', 'Weighted Average Spread', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'residual currency effects', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'Cenkos Securities plc', '19.4% annualized cash flow', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'February 2023 monthly report', 'strong January performance', 'Volta cash flows', 'AXA IM', 'default rates', 'investment objectives', 'loan refinancings', 'Corporate Broker', 'listed securities', 'credit cycle', 'full report', 'The Companies', 'UNITED STATES', 'positive performance', 'good start', 'Current levels', 'rating agencies', 'higher costs', 'low pace', 'negative impact', 'remote risk', 'other things', 'higher cashflows', 'coming quarters', 'significant purchases', 'pricing weakness', 'coming months', 'higher rates', 'last 2 months', 'coming weeks/months', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'financial markets', 'stable stream', 'quiet month', 'weak month', 'European loans', 'overall prices', 'higher end', 'month-end date', 'period ends', 'Serge Demay', 'Company Secretary', 'Guernsey Branch', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Main Market', 'February performance', 'good investments', 'NAV information', '31 January', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '14 March', 'website', 'ACTIVITY', 'carry', 'portfolio', 'terms', 'defaults', 'bottom', 'range', 'view', 'inflation', 'benefits', 'clients', 'profitability', 'result', 'interest', 'assets', 'equivalent', 'coupons', 'Story', 'volume', 'CLOs', 'WAS', 'ABS', 'fund', 'bit', 'discount', 'share', 'GAV', 'policy', 'basis', '30 September', 'Dietz-performance', 'bucket', 'account', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', '0.', '2.5', '€', '44']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,finance.yahoo.com
20493,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EASSON-HOLDINGS-LIMITED-61093/news/EASSON-Successfully-Organized-its-Online-Live-Streaming-Debut-about-Hong-Kong-Citizenship-and-Educ-43236382/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,EASSON : Successfully Organized its Online Live Streaming Debut about Hong Kong Citizenship and Education Planning,(marketscreener.com)   EASSON HOLDINGS Successfully Organized its Online Live Streaming Debut about Hong Kong Citizenship and Education Planning      14 Mar 2023 08:18 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   EASSON HOLDINGS LIMITED    ...https:/…,EASSON HOLDINGS Successfully Organized its Online Live Streaming Debut about Hong Kong Citizenship and Education PlanningOn March 11th 2023  EASSON HOLDINGS held a seminar on Hong Kong citizenship and education planning  which was streamed live online for the first time and successfully attracted thousands of clicks. This seminar is aimed to help middle class Chinese parents to gain knowledge about how to obtain Hong Kong citizenship and access their children to more educational opportunities in Hong Kong. Since early 2022  EASSON HOLDINGS has provided consultancy service to over a hundred Mainland China families about Hong Kong citizenship and educational planning.Easson Holdings Limited was established in 2002 and is based in Hong Kong. The company has been listed on Euronext since 2007 (Stock Code: MLEAS). Over the past 20 years  EASSON has evolved from being a telecommunication service provider in education  to online cross-border service provider  in global immigration  international travel and offshore company services  etc.****Easson Holdinds LimitedISIN Code：HK0000038783Investor RelationsYolanda Liyolanda@easson.hk,positive,0.56,0.44,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Online Live Streaming Debut', 'Hong Kong Citizenship', 'Education Planning', 'EASSON', 'Online Live Streaming Debut', 'middle class Chinese parents', 'hundred Mainland China families', 'online cross-border service provider', 'telecommunication service provider', 'Hong Kong Citizenship', 'Easson Holdinds Limited', 'offshore company services', 'Easson Holdings Limited', 'consultancy service', 'first time', 'educational opportunities', 'educational planning', 'Stock Code', 'past 20 years', 'global immigration', 'international travel', 'ISIN Code', 'Investor Relations', 'Yolanda Li', 'Education Planning', 'March', 'seminar', 'thousands', 'clicks', 'knowledge', 'children', 'early', 'Euronext', 'MLEAS']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20494,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/14/2626300/0/en/ONWARD-to-Publish-Full-Year-2022-Financial-Results-and-Host-Webcast-on-March-28-2023.html,ONWARD to Publish Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Host Webcast on March 28  2023,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  LAUSANNE  Switzerland  and BOSTON  MA USA  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in peopl…,English Dutch German FrenchEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  LAUSANNE  Switzerland  and BOSTON  MA USA  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announced it will publish full year 2022 financial and operating results on Tuesday  March 28  2023. Management will also host a webcast to discuss operational and financial highlights  as well as provide a business update  on March 28  2023  at 14:00 CEST / 08:00 EDT.Investors and the public can access the live webcast via Zoom by registering at this link . A confirmation email containing information about joining the session will be sent upon registration.Participants may also join by phone:+32 2 290 9360 (Belgium)+49 69 3807 9884 (Germany)+31 20 794 0854 (Netherlands)+41 22 591 01 56 (Switzerland)+44 208 080 6591 (United Kingdom)+1 360 209 5623 (US)International numbers availableWebcast ID: 810 2248 0661A recording of the webcast will be available on the Company’s website following the live event.To learn more about ONWARD’s ARC Therapy and the company’s vision to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM) or external (ARC-EX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received eight Breakthrough Device Designations from the US FDA encompassing both ARC-IM and ARC-EX. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a stimulator and wireless programmer. Positive top-line data were reported in 2022 from the company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the US and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead placed near the spinal cord. The company completed first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator and reported positive interim clinical outcomes for ARC-IM Therapy for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI in 2022.ONWARD is headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing US presence in Boston  Massachusetts. The company has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between EPFL  the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com . To access our 2023 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com .For Company Enquiries:info@onw d.comFor Media Enquiries:MC Services AGUS: Laurie Doyle  P: +1 339 832 0752Europe: Dr. Johanna Kobler  Katja Arnold  Kaja Skorka  P: +49 89 210 228 0media@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Host Webcast', 'ONWARD', 'March', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'English Dutch German French', 'eight Breakthrough Device Designations', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Positive top-line data', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'external, non-invasive platform', 'first pivotal study', 'upper extremity strength', 'marketing approval submissions', 'blood pressure regulation', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'MC Services AG', 'Dr. Johanna Kobler', 'implantable pulse generator', 'growing US presence', 'external (ARC-EX) systems', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'medical technology company', 'MA USA', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'full year', 'confirmation email', 'United Kingdom', 'International numbers', 'live event', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'US FDA', 'wireless programmer', 'human use', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'Media Enquiries', 'Laurie Doyle', 'Katja Arnold', 'Kaja Skorka', 'Investor Enquiries', 'press release', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'forward-looking statements', 'financial highlights', '2023 Financial Calendar', 'financial effects', 'operating results', 'actual results', 'future accuracy', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'business update', 'live webcast', 'Webcast ID', 'basic science', 'additional information', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'past trends', 'ARC-IM neurostimulator', 'actual events', 'Company Enquiries', 'future events', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Switzerland', 'BOSTON', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Management', 'operational', '14:00 CEST', 'Investors', 'public', 'Zoom', 'link', 'session', 'registration', 'Participants', 'phone', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'recording', 'website', 'vision', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'ability', 'Europe', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'EPFL', 'CHUV', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility', '08:00', '41']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,globenewswire.com
20495,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ION-BEAM-APPLICATIONS-SA-6002/news/IBA-is-looking-for-100-new-collaborators-in-Belgium-by-June-2023-43240900/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,IBA is looking for 100 new collaborators in Belgium by June 2023,(marketscreener.com)  Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  14 March 2023  - IBA   the world leader in particle accelerator technology wants to hire 100 new employees during the first half of 2023. Among the actions undertaken to achieve this goal  the company is organ…,"Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  14 March 2023 - IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology wants to hire 100 new employees during the first half of 2023. Among the actions undertaken to achieve this goal  the company is organizing a special recruitment evening  ""Meet & Join IBA""  in Louvain-la-Neuve on March 28. Interested parties are invited to register on the Forem website.For more than 35 years  IBA has been designing  producing  and marketing innovative solutions for the diagnosis and treatment of cancer and other serious diseases  as well as industrial applications in the field of sterilization. As a world leader in particle accelerator technology  with an order backlog of more than EUR 1 billion  the company supplies thousands of hospitals and healthcare companies around the world with its accelerators  medical devices and applications for proton therapy  nuclear medicine  sterilization  and dosimetry.IBA  which currently employs more than 1 800 people (including 900 in Belgium) in more than 40 countries  wants to recruit 100 additional employees in Louvain-la-Neuve by June 2023.Talents sought? IT  scientific  technical and management profilesMany profiles are sought to meet the growth of the company's various activities: software developers  R&D project managers  automation engineers  data engineers  buyers  fitters  qualification & validation engineers  electromechanical engineers  hardware engineers  etc.Special recruitment evening on March 28 in Louvain-la-Neuve at IBACandidates interested in the offers are invited to discover the company and the jobs during the ""Meet & Join IBA"" event organized by IBA in collaboration with Forem. This special evening will be an opportunity for candidates to meet their future colleagues while immersing themselves in the unique environment and culture of this international Walloon company. To participate  simply consult IBA's job offers on the Forem website  check the required skills  and fill in the registration form corresponding to the selected position(s). Registration is open until March 26 and is mandatory.“Meet & Join IBA” with the collaboration of ForemTuesday  March 28 from 5.30 to 9.00 PMChemin du Cyclotron 3  1348 Ottignies-Louvain-la-NeuveProgram:5.30 > 6 PM: Reception6 > 6.20 PM: IBA Presentation6.20 > 6.30 PM: Question & answer session6.30 > 7.15 PM: Guided tour of the assembly hall7.15 > 9 PM: Drink & networkingNews and inscriptions: Meet & join IBA | Agenda (leforem.be)*** Ends ***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 800 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comFor further information  please contact:IBAOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.01,True,English,"['100 new collaborators', 'IBA', 'Belgium', 'June', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'R&D project managers', 'particle accelerator technology', 'other serious diseases', 'Chemin du Cyclotron', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'special recruitment evening', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'international Walloon company', 'position(s', 'special evening', 'industrial applications', 'Bloomberg IBAB', '100 new employees', 'first half', 'Interested parties', 'innovative solutions', 'order backlog', 'healthcare companies', 'medical devices', 'proton therapy', 'nuclear medicine', '100 additional employees', 'management profiles', 'Many profiles', 'various activities', 'software developers', 'automation engineers', 'data engineers', 'validation engineers', 'electromechanical engineers', 'hardware engineers', 'future colleagues', 'unique environment', 'required skills', 'answer session', 'Guided tour', 'assembly hall', 'leading supplier', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'leading player', 'B Corporation', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'Olivier Lechien', 'world leader', 'Forem website', 'job offers', 'registration form', 'More information', 'industrial sterilization', 'IBA Presentation', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', '14 March', 'EURONEXT', 'actions', 'goal', '35 years', 'diagnosis', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'field', 'thousands', 'hospitals', 'accelerators', 'dosimetry', '1,800 people', '40 countries', 'June', 'Talents', 'technical', 'growth', 'buyers', 'fitters', 'qualification', 'Candidates', 'jobs', 'event', 'collaboration', 'opportunity', 'culture', 'Tuesday', '9.00 PM', 'Ottignies-Louvain', 'Program', '6 PM', 'Reception', 'Question', 'Drink', 'networking', 'News', 'inscriptions', 'Agenda', 'Ends', 'equipment', 'services', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'social', 'BB', 'group', 'Attachment', '5.30', '6.20', '6.30', '7.15']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20496,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DASSAULT-SYSTEMES-SE-4635/news/Dassault-Systemes-amount-of-the-dividend-43243866/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Dassault Systèmes: amount of the dividend,(marketscreener.com)  Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 14  2023 Dividend Dassault Systèmes announces that the Board of Directors decided to propose to the next General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 24  2023 a dividend of twenty-on…,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 14  2023DividendDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) announces that the Board of Directors decided to propose to the next General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 24  2023 a dividend of twenty-one eurocents (€0.21) per share for the year 2022  payable in cash only.Shares would be traded ex-dividend as of May 29  2023.Dividends would be made payable on May 31  2023.Bernard Charlès  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer comments:“Dassault Systèmes delivers on its commitments: the company is one year ahead of its deleveraging schedule ; we execute on our established dividend policy as planned ; and we maintain our capacity to invest to support our long term strategy”.###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez / François-José Bordonado: Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 / 69 24 Jamie Ricketts: +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.com Tom Blundell: +44 20 3727 1600USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe: +33 1 61 62 87 73arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DS OUTSCALE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French ‘société européenne’ (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.64,0.35,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'amount', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'French ‘société européenne', 'next General Meeting', 'Bernard Charlès', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'long term strategy', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'François-José Bordonado', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'Press Release', 'commercial trademarks', 'Euronext Paris', 'twenty-one eurocents', 'deleveraging schedule', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'FTI Consulting', 'Arnaud de', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'Tom Blundell', 'Arnaud Malherbe', '3DS logo', 'Compass icon', '3DS OUTSCALE', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'dividend policy', 'other countries', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', '150 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'March', 'DSY', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'year', 'cash', 'Shares', 'Dividends', 'Chairman', 'commitments', 'capacity', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'Cheffontaines', 'investors', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20497,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AWILCO-DRILLING-PLC-148203496/news/Awilco-Drilling-PLC-Update-on-Arbitration-Processes-and-Additional-Funding-Requirement-43236244/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Awilco Drilling PLC: Update on Arbitration Processes and Additional Funding Requirement,(marketscreener.com)  Aberdeen  14th of March 2023 Reference is made to the stock exchange notice from Awilco Drilling PLC published on 22nd of December 2022 and the Q2 2022 Presentation of 9th August 2022. The Company advises that proceedings in the Rig 1 a…,Aberdeen  14th of March 2023Reference is made to the stock exchange notice from Awilco Drilling PLC (“Awilco Drilling” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: AWDR) published on 22nd of December 2022 and the Q2 2022 Presentation of 9th August 2022.The Company advises that proceedings in the Rig 1 arbitration process completed on 13th January 2023 and the parties now await the judgement of the tribunal. Award on this arbitration case is still anticipated in Q2 2023.The Company also advises that the Tribunal has ordered additional hearing days in the Rig 2 arbitration case  whereby the proceedings in that process are not now expected to complete before Q3 2022. As a consequence of these additional hearing days  and the extensive increase in expert witness evidence and necessary further input from legal advisers  the Company identifies that additional funding will be required. The Company estimates that in addition to the USD 2.0 million planned raised through the announced subsequent offering  a further requirement is forecasted in the region of USD 5 million to enable Awilco Rig 2 Pte. Ltd to pursue the arbitration case to a conclusion. Further funding is expected needed by May 2023. Award on this arbitration case is now anticipated in Q4 2023 or Q1 2024.Awilhelmsen Offshore AS and QVT Family Office Fund LP remain committed to enable Awilco Rig 1 Pte. Ltd and Awilco Rig 2 Pte. Ltd to pursue the arbitration cases to their conclusion.For further information please contact:Eric Jacobs  CEO of Awilco DrillingTel: +44 1224 737900Cathrine Haavind  Investor Relations of Awilco DrillingTel: +47 93 42 84 64Email: ch@awilcodrilling.comThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['Awilco Drilling PLC', 'Additional Funding Requirement', 'Arbitration Processes', 'Update', 'QVT Family Office Fund LP', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'stock exchange notice', 'expert witness evidence', 'Awilhelmsen Offshore AS', 'additional hearing days', 'Awilco Rig 2 Pte', 'Awilco Rig 1 Pte', 'Awilco Drilling PLC', 'Rig 2 arbitration case', 'Rig 1 arbitration process', 'additional funding', 'arbitration cases', 'Euronext Growth', '9th August', '13th January', 'extensive increase', 'legal advisers', 'subsequent offering', 'Further funding', 'Eric Jacobs', 'Cathrine Haavind', 'Investor Relations', 'disclosure requirements', 'The Company', 'Q2 2022 Presentation', 'Aberdeen', 'March', 'Reference', 'AWDR', '22nd', 'December', 'proceedings', 'parties', 'judgement', 'tribunal', 'Award', 'Q3', 'consequence', 'necessary', 'input', 'USD', 'region', 'Ltd', 'conclusion', 'May', 'Q4', 'Q1', 'information', 'CEO', 'Tel', 'Email', 'Section', '47']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20498,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/03/14/global-markets-rise-on-key-us-data-as-confidence-begins-to-return/,Global markets rise on key US data as confidence begins to return,Green across the board on Euronext Dublin as airlines  hotels  industrial and food names all climb higher following recent lows,Global shares turned higher on Tuesday  stemming a five-session rout after key US data met expectations and bolstered bets of a smaller interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve at its next meeting.DUBLINThe bounce in the US was felt in the Irish market  and there was green across the board on Euronext Dublin as the index closed up 2.2 per cent.Stocks around the world have been hammered in the past few days after the collapse of SVB Financial Group and peer Signature Bank sent shock waves through the banking sector.However  investor confidence in the sector began to recover on Tuesday  and Bank of Ireland and AIB were both up 4 per cent at close of business.READ MOREThe airlines started trading weakly but rallied throughout the day with Lufthansa up 2 per cent; Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group up 1.5 per cent; EasyJet up 4.5 per cent; and Ryanair up 1.5 per cent.Why are Irish companies shifting their stock listings to the United States? Listen | 38:41The goodwill also fed into the travel and leisure sector as Dalata — the biggest hotel operator in the State — finished the day up 2 per cent.Among the food names  Glanbia was up 2 per cent  while Greencore climbed 2.5 per cent.In the construction sector  building materials giant CRH traded up 2.3 per cent  while insulation specialist Kingspan and Woodies DIY parent Grafton Group both finished the day up 2 per cent. Elsewhere  box-maker Smurfit Kappa climbed 2 per cent.LONDONThe FTSE 100 jumped by more than 1 per cent  marking a rollercoaster session for the stock exchange which started the day firmly in the red.However  London’s top index did not manage to fully offset the 2.6 per cent decline on Monday  during which more than £50 billion was wiped off its value.London’s top banking stocks like Standard Chartered  Barclays and HSBC had returned to growth on Tuesday after sinking into the red at the start of the week. The FTSE 100 closed 1.17 per cent higher.In company news  Sainsbury’s said it has agreed to buy the freeholds of 21 supermarkets in a deal worth more than £430 million. Its share price was up by 1.1 per cent at the close.EUROPEEuropean stocks managed to rebound after seeing even greater declines than the UK  with the German Dax moving 1.83 per cent higher and the French Cac up 1.86 per cent.Joshua Mahony  senior market analyst at online trading platform IG  said: “Market sentiment appears to have a turn for the better today  with equities throughout Europe and the US moving higher despite ongoing concerns over the health of the banking sector.”NEW YORKAcross the Atlantic  battered US bank shares rebounded  driving Wall Street’s main indexes higher  while a slight slowdown in consumer price growth prompted investors to price in a smaller rate hike by the Federal Reserve in March.Data showed the US consumer price index (CPI) rose 0.4 per cent in February from 0.5 per cent in January as Americans faced persistently higher costs for rents and food. On a yearly basis  the CPI rose 6 per cent in February  compared with 6.4 per cent the previous month.Regional bank stocks rebounded after suffering double-digit losses over the past few days  with the KBW Regional Banking index up 7.7 per cent.First Republic Bank jumped 49.5 per cent  while shares of peer Western Alliance Bancorp were up 40.7 per cent. Trading in shares of both banks was halted multiple times due to volatility.The S&P 500 banking index rose 2.9 per cent after recording its biggest one-day percentage drop since June 2020 in the previous session. Meta Platforms rose 6.1 per cent after the Facebook parent said it would cut 10 000 jobs in a second round of mass lay-offs.Other major rate-sensitive growth stocks such as Apple  Google parent Alphabet  and Tesla rose between 1 per cent and 4 per cent. — Additional reporting: PA/Reuters,positive,0.66,0.33,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.11,0.75,True,English,"['key US data', 'Global markets', 'confidence', 'Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group', 'Woodies DIY parent Grafton Group', 'Other major rate-sensitive growth stocks', 'The S&P 500 banking index', 'building materials giant CRH', 'peer Western Alliance Bancorp', 'biggest one-day percentage drop', 'smaller interest rate hike', 'KBW Regional Banking index', 'US consumer price index', 'SVB Financial Group', 'smaller rate hike', 'Google parent Alphabet', 'biggest hotel operator', 'consumer price growth', 'peer Signature Bank', 'Regional bank stocks', 'First Republic Bank', 'top banking stocks', 'senior market analyst', 'online trading platform', 'key US data', '2.6 per cent decline', 'US bank shares', 'Facebook parent', 'top index', 'banking sector', 'The FTSE 100', 'share price', 'European stocks', 'Irish market', 'Market sentiment', 'five-session rout', 'Federal Reserve', 'next meeting', 'shock waves', 'investor confidence', 'Irish companies', 'stock listings', 'United States', 'insulation specialist', 'Smurfit Kappa', '1 per cent', 'rollercoaster session', 'stock exchange', 'Standard Chartered', 'company news', 'greater declines', 'German Dax', 'French Cac', 'Joshua Mahony', 'ongoing concerns', 'NEW YORK', 'Wall Street', 'main indexes', 'slight slowdown', '0.5 per cent', 'higher costs', 'yearly basis', '6.4 per cent', 'previous month', 'double-digit losses', 'previous session', 'Meta Platforms', 'second round', 'mass lay-offs', 'Additional reporting', 'leisure sector', 'construction sector', 'Global shares', 'Euronext Dublin', 'food names', 'Tuesday', 'expectations', 'bets', 'bounce', 'board', 'world', 'past', 'days', 'collapse', 'Ireland', 'AIB', 'close', 'business', 'READ', 'Lufthansa', 'EasyJet', 'Ryanair', 'Listen', 'goodwill', 'travel', 'Dalata', 'Glanbia', 'Greencore', 'Kingspan', 'box-maker', 'LONDON', 'Monday', 'value', 'Barclays', 'HSBC', 'start', 'week', 'Sainsbury', 'freeholds', '21 supermarkets', 'deal', 'UK', 'turn', 'today', 'equities', 'health', 'Atlantic', 'investors', 'March', 'CPI', 'February', 'January', 'Americans', 'rents', 'banks', 'volatility', 'June', '10,000 jobs', 'Apple', 'Tesla', 'PA/Reuters']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,irishtimes.com
20499,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-124363415/news/Biotalys-announces-Chief-Financial-Officer-succession-plan-43243233/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Biotalys announces Chief Financial Officer succession plan,(marketscreener.com) Deputy CFO Douglas Minder to become CFO as of July 2023Ghent  BELGIUM  March 14  2023 -- Biotalys   an Agricultural Technology company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  announced today that its Bo…,"Deputy CFO Douglas Minder to become CFO as of July 2023Ghent  BELGIUM  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  announced today that its Board of Directors has approved a succession plan under which Douglas Minder will be promoted to Chief Financial Officer (CFO)  effective July 1  2023. He will take over responsibility from Wim Ottevaere  who  after a long and successful career in finance in the life sciences industry  will conclude his operational role and will continue to serve Biotalys in an advisory capacity.“On behalf of the Board of Directors  I would like to extend our deep appreciation to Wim for his outstanding service to Biotalys. During his tenure  the company successfully completed its IPO  transitioning to a publicly listed entity preparing for commercialization ” said Simon Moroney  Chairman of the Board. “We are delighted to have Douglas take on the CFO role. He is a highly knowledgeable  proven financial leader who has already demonstrated his capabilities since joining Biotalys. We know that he will continue to be a great asset as he steps into his new role and joins the executive committee.”“I warmly congratulate Douglas on his promotion. Having already worked together for more than two years at Biotalys  I know he is an excellent choice to become our next CFO. He has a long  successful track record in finance and life sciences that will serve our growth ambition ” said Patrice Sellès  Chief Executive Officer. “I also want to express my sincere gratitude to Wim and acknowledge his strong leadership and dedication to Biotalys. It has been a great pleasure to work with him  and I look forward to his continued contribution as an advisor to the company.”“It has been a privilege for me to work at Biotalys and to have led its IPO in 2021  together with Patrice  Douglas and the team ” said Wim Ottevaere  CFO. “I am proud to have helped bring a platform-based company in the agtech sector to the stock exchange  just like I did previously in my career with similar technology platform companies in pharmaceuticals. I look forward to continuing to support the company once Douglas takes over as CFO and know I am passing the leadership of the financial function into highly capable hands.”Douglas Minder joined Biotalys in January 2021 and was appointed Deputy CFO after the company’s IPO to prepare for the role of CFO and start leading the finance team. He has over 30 years of financial experience  which includes more than eight years at Belgium-based multinational biopharmaceutical company UCB. His most recent position there was Finance Business Partner  where he worked across many groups to help them align strategic objectives with the company’s long-range financial plans. He also worked for 20 years as an auditor and consultant at Deloitte  both in Belgium and in the U.S.  where he served various Fortune 500 companies across multiple industries  including biopharma  technology  chemicals and manufacturing. He is an expert in U.S. GAAP and IFRS standards and reporting requirements for both the U.S. and European markets and has built successful cross-departmental relationships to develop continuous improvement solutions throughout an organization.Douglas Minder commented: “I am excited to take on the position of CFO and look forward to leading the finance function and meeting with the investment community. As we advance our pipeline programs through development and onto the market  I will be highly focused on working with the executive committee and Board to effectively grow the business.”Douglas MinderAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. The Biotalys actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer succession plan', 'Biotalys', 'knowledgeable, proven financial leader', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'similar technology platform companies', 'long, successful track record', 'Belgium-based multinational biopharmaceutical company', 'various Fortune 500 companies', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'successful cross-departmental relationships', 'continuous improvement solutions', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Deputy CFO Douglas Minder', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'life sciences industry', 'safer food supply', 'key crop pests', 'U.S. GAAP', 'long-range financial plans', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Finance Business Partner', 'financial function', 'financial experience', 'Agricultural Technology', 'successful career', 'executive committee', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'succession plan', 'advisory capacity', 'deep appreciation', 'outstanding service', 'Simon Moroney', 'great asset', 'excellent choice', 'growth ambition', 'sincere gratitude', 'great pleasure', 'continued contribution', 'stock exchange', 'capable hands', 'many groups', 'strategic objectives', 'multiple industries', 'IFRS standards', 'reporting requirements', 'European markets', 'investment community', 'pipeline programs', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Communication T', 'Important Notice', 'forward-looking terminology', 'finance function', 'operational role', 'new role', 'looking statements', 'next CFO', 'food protection', 'Wim Ottevaere', 'two years', 'eight years', 'recent position', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'platform-based company', 'CFO role', 'agtech sector', 'finance team', 'strong leadership', 'Toon Musschoot', '30 years', '20 years', 'July', 'Ghent', 'Biotalys', 'BTLS', 'Board', 'Directors', 'responsibility', 'behalf', 'tenure', 'IPO', 'entity', 'commercialization', 'Chairman', 'capabilities', 'promotion', 'dedication', 'privilege', 'pharmaceuticals', 'January', 'UCB', 'auditor', 'consultant', 'Deloitte', 'chemicals', 'manufacturing', 'expert', 'organization', 'development', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'Head', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'predict', 'target']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20500,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-Announces-Poster-Presentation-on-TALEN-edited-MUC1-CAR-T-cells-Targeting-Triple-Negative-43244814/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Cellectis Announces Poster Presentation on TALEN®-edited MUC1 CAR T-cells Targeting Triple Negative Breast Cancer at the American Association of Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  March 14  2023 -- Cellectis   a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today announced that preclinical data exploring purposeful armoring …,NEW YORK  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today announced that preclinical data exploring purposeful armoring of CAR T-cells to enhance efficacy of MUC1 CAR T-cells in targeting triple-negative breast cancer  will be presented at the American Association of Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting  to be held in Orlando  Florida on April 14-19  2023.“We are proud to present updated preclinical data on our product candidate UCARTMUC1 for solid tumors at AACR 2023 ” said Laurent Poirot  Ph.D.  Senior Vice President Immunology at Cellectis. “As immune-therapies continue to develop for solid tumors  the tumor microenvironment (TME) poses many challenges that CAR T-cells need to overcome for efficient tumor cell clearance. Our preclinical data make us confident that UCART MUC1 could be a valuable product candidate for patients with highly unmet medical needs.”Presentation includes:Poster presentation:Therapeutic options for triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) remain limited to date despite it being the most aggressive subtype of breast cancers and carrying the poorest prognosis. Tumor-associated MUC1 antigen is overexpressed in a large number of TNBC patients offering an effective discriminatory target for CAR T-cell therapy.Cellectis will present innovative strategies exploring purposeful armoring of CAR T-cells to boost efficiency while preserving safety. To maintain anti-tumor CAR T-cell activity and proliferation in the hostile TME of solid tumors  Cellectis developed state-of-the-art multiplexed gene editing using high precision TALEN® technology. With that aim  we armored allogeneic CAR T-cells with specific attributes to locally release immune inflammatory cytokines and protect from inhibitory effects of the TGFB1 and PD1 pathways. A combination of strategies using allogeneic CAR T-cells with diverse attributes were evaluated against TNBC tumors in various in vivo pre-clinical models. The recirculation pattern of MUC1 CAR T-cells was also explored in relationship with their delivery routes.Title: Deciphering the benefits of variable delivery routes and molecular armoring to enhance efficacy of MUC1-CAR T-cells in targeting triple-negative breast cancerSession Title: Adoptive Cell Therapy 1Presenter: Piril  Erler  Ph.D.  Scientist II  Immuno-Oncology  CellectisSession Date and time: Sunday  April 16  2023  1:30-5:00 PM ETLocation: Section 37Poster Board Number: 14Abstract Presentation Number: 899About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 22 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about the timing of our presentation of data and the potential of our preclinical programs. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relation contact:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.04,mixed,0.21,0.12,0.67,True,English,"['®-edited MUC1 CAR T-cells', 'Triple Negative Breast Cancer', 'AACR) Annual Meeting', 'Cancer Research', 'Poster Presentation', 'American Association', 'Cellectis', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'triple-negative breast cancer Session Title', 'Senior Vice President Immunology', 'high precision TALEN® technology', 'triple negative breast cancer', 'anti-tumor CAR T-cell activity', 'efficient tumor cell clearance', 'biopharmaceutical product candidate development', 'art multiplexed gene editing', 'many other important factors', 'applicable securities laws', 'Securities Exchange Commission', 'product candidate UCARTMUC1', 'valuable product candidate', 'CAR T-cell therapy', 'life-changing product candidates', 'product development plans', 'unmet medical needs', 'effective discriminatory target', 'vivo pre-clinical models', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'gene editing technology', 'Tumor-associated MUC1 antigen', 'Adoptive Cell Therapy', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'immune inflammatory cytokines', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'Poster Board Number', 'variable delivery routes', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'MUC1 CAR T-cells', 'allogeneic CAR T-cells', 'AACR) Annual Meeting', 'Abstract Presentation Number', 'updated preclinical data', 'breast cancers', 'Cancer Research', 'tumor microenvironment', 'many challenges', 'Session Date', 'immune system', 'cancer patients', 'life-saving cell', 'UCART MUC1', 'large number', 'allogeneic approach', 'gene therapies', 'therapeutic gene', 'operating plans', 'Annual Report', 'MUC1-CAR T-cells', 'various factors', 'Poster presentation', 'preclinical programs', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'purposeful armoring', 'American Association', 'solid tumors', 'Laurent Poirot', 'Ph.D.', 'Therapeutic options', 'aggressive subtype', 'poorest prognosis', 'specific attributes', 'inhibitory effects', 'PD1 pathways', 'diverse attributes', 'various in', 'recirculation pattern', 'molecular armoring', 'Scientist II', '1:30-5:00 PM', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'North Carolina', 'Forward-looking Statement', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'numerous risks', 'cash runway', 'Form 20-F', 'financial report', 'subsequent filings', 'forward-looking” statements', 'TNBC tumors', 'innovative strategies', 'hostile TME', 'various diseases', 'TNBC patients', 'management report', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'efficacy', 'Orlando', 'Florida', 'April', 'immune-therapies', 'efficiency', 'safety', 'proliferation', 'aim', 'TGFB1', 'combination', 'relationship', 'benefits', 'Presenter', 'Piril', 'Erler', 'Immuno-Oncology', 'time', 'Sunday', 'Location', 'Section', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', '22 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'Raleigh', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'assumptions', 'information', 'timing', 'potential', 'light', 'uncertainties', 'respect', 'result']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20501,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VISIATIV-16579012/news/Visiativ-VISIATIV-AND-XEFI-ANNOUNCE-PARTNERSHIP-AGREEMENT-TO-TRANSFER-IT-INFRASTRUCTURE-BUSINE-43243322/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Visiativ :  VISIATIV AND XEFI ANNOUNCE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT TO TRANSFER IT INFRASTRUCTURE BUSINESS,(marketscreener.com)  Lyon  March 14  2023 – 06 :00 pmVisiativ and XEFI announced  today  that they have engaged in exclusive negotiations to sell Visiativ Managed Services  an IT infrastructure and hosting provider. This transaction marks the strengthenin…,"Lyon  March 14  2023 – 06 :00 pmVisiativ and XEFI announced  today  that they have engaged in exclusive negotiations to sell Visiativ Managed Services  an IT infrastructure and hosting provider. This transaction marks the strengthening of the partnership between XEFI and Visiativ  two key players in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region  both of which specialize in providing solutions and services to small and medium-sized businesses.With 26 employees and its own datacenter located in the Lyon metropolitan area in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region  Visiativ Managed Services supports 140 small and medium-sized businesses with IT infrastructure and technological platforms adapted to their needs.With its 1 800 employees in more than 160 offices in France  Switzerland and Belgium  XEFI group is the French leader in IT and related services (maintenance  cloud  outsourcing  security) for small and medium-sized businesses. The group also has a NEXEREN datacenter subsidiary with 5 highly certified datacenters  enabling it to control the entire cloud service chain.Visiativ has been helping small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) with their digital transformation and innovation for over 35 years. This partnership will enable Visiativ to refocus on its core business of consulting and software  while relying on a partner of choice for its infrastructure business.This transaction accelerates the respective development of the XEFI and Visiativ groups' offerings  in order to continue to support their common target: SMBs.""We are delighted with the prospects that this operation opens up for us  as it strengthens our NEXEREN data center subsidiary and our influence in the Rhône-Alpes region. We are continuing our development of a 100% French  highly certified hosting and data security offer"" said Sacha Rosenthal  Chairman and CEO  XEFI Group.The transaction would involve the sale of 100% of Visiativ Managed Services' capital to the XEFI group.The signing of the final agreement could take place in April  with the transaction being subject to consultation with the employee representative bodies of both groups.FINANCIAL CALENDAREVENTS DATES Full-year 2022 results Tuesday 21 March  2023 Q1 2023 revenues Tuesday 25 April  2023 Annual General Meeting Thursday 25 May  2023 Q2 2023 revenues Wednesday 26 July  2023 H1 2023 results Tuesday 19 September  2023 Q3 2023 revenues Tuesday 24 October  2023 Full-year 2023 revenue Wednesday 24 January 2024 Full-year 2023 results Tuesday 19 March 2024These dates are an indication and may be changed if necessary. All publications will be issued after close of trading on Euronext Paris.ABOUT XEFISince the company was created in 1997  XEFI has built a reputation as a leader on the IT equipment business and associated services: maintenance  cloud  security  print  software and backup solutions.The group's ambition is to offer ‘ready-to-use' products and services  all-included packages  specially designed for Small & Medium size Businesses.Today  more than 160 ”one-stop shop” agencies in France  Switzerland and Belgium are supporting SMBs on a daily basis. In 2022  the group realized 307M€ total turnover with more than 1 800 employees.XEFI CONTACTPierre GUILLERMETMarket. & Comm.Tel : +33 (0)4 72 01 04 15p.guillermet@xefi.frABOUT VISIATIVVisiativ's mission is to make digital transformation a performance lever for companies. We do this by co-building alongside our customers  over the long term. We call this our promise: ""Sharing  is growing"".We support our customers by providing solutions and services to plan  implement  manage and monitor transformations with a unique and innovative approach through three pillars: Consult (consulting & support)  Engage (solutions & deployment) and Connect (communities for exchange and sharing). With over 35 years of proven experience working with more than 21 000 Small & Mid-Market customers  Visiativ has achieved revenues of €259 million in 2022. Visiativ is present in 14 countries (Belgium  Brazil  Canada  France  Germany  Luxembourg  Morocco  the Netherlands  Poland  the United Kingdom  U.A.E  USA and Switzerland) and has more than 1 100 employees.Visiativ (ISIN code FR0004029478  ALVIV) is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. The share is eligible for PEA and PEA-PME.For further information visit www.visiativ.comVISIATIV CONTACTLydia JOUVALExternal CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)4 78 87 29 29lydia.jouval@visiativ.com INVESTOR CONTACTACTUSMathieu OMNESTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr PRESS CONTACTACTUSSerena BONITel.: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lZqck5lqaW2cxmqbZMlqZmdsbZtqw5abZ2THl5Rqk8mYcG+UxZlhmJiWZnBpnmdm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢ÂÂ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78920-visiativ-pr-vms-xefi-14032023-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['XEFI ANNOUNCE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT', 'INFRASTRUCTURE BUSINESS', 'Visiativ', 'NEXEREN data center subsidiary', 'entire cloud service chain', '100% French, highly certified hosting', ""Visiativ Managed Services' capital"", '5 highly certified datacenters', 'Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region', 'NEXEREN datacenter subsidiary', 'employee representative bodies', 'Annual General Meeting', '160 ”one-stop shop” agencies', '307M€ total turnover', 'U.A.E', 'data security offer', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'Medium size Businesses', 'two key players', 'Lyon metropolitan area', 'Pierre GUILLERMET Market', 'IT equipment business', ""Visiativ groups' offerings"", 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'hosting provider', 'PRESS CONTACT', 'French leader', 'core business', 'infrastructure business', 'medium-sized businesses', 'related services', 'associated services', 'exclusive negotiations', 'IT infrastructure', 'technological platforms', 'digital transformation', 'common target', 'Sacha Rosenthal', 'final agreement', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'Full-year 2022 results', 'H1 2023 results', 'Full-year 2023 revenue', 'Full-year 2023 results', 'daily basis', 'performance lever', 'long term', 'innovative approach', 'three pillars', 'proven experience', 'United Kingdom', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Growth', 'External Communication', 'INVESTOR CONTACT', 'Mathieu OMNES', 'Serena BONI', 'Q1 2023 revenues', 'Q2 2023 revenues', 'Q3 2023 revenues', 'VISIATIV CONTACT', 'respective development', 'EVENTS DATES', 'Euronext Paris', 'Lydia JOUVAL', 'XEFI CONTACT', 'Mid-Market customers', 'Regulated information', 'backup solutions', 'XEFI group', 'March', 'transaction', 'strengthening', 'partnership', 'small', '26 employees', 'needs', '1,800 employees', '160 offices', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'Belgium', 'maintenance', 'outsourcing', 'SMBs', 'innovation', '35 years', 'consulting', 'software', 'choice', 'order', 'prospects', 'operation', 'influence', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'sale', 'signing', 'place', 'April', 'consultation', 'May', 'July', 'September', 'October', 'indication', 'publications', 'close', 'trading', 'company', 'reputation', 'print', 'ambition', 'products', 'packages', '1 800 employees', 'Tel', 'mission', 'companies', 'transformations', 'unique', 'support', 'Engage', 'deployment', 'Connect', 'communities', 'exchange', 'sharing', '14 countries', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'Germany', 'Luxembourg', 'Morocco', 'Netherlands', 'Poland', 'USA', '1,100 employees', 'ALVIV', 'share', 'PEA', 'momnes', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'PDF', 'email', '06 :00', '4 72', '33', '1 53']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20502,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/14/2627041/0/en/Biotalys-announces-Chief-Financial-Officer-succession-plan.html,Biotalys announces Chief Financial Officer succession plan,Deputy CFO Douglas Minder to become CFO as of July 2023 Deputy CFO Douglas Minder to become CFO as of July 2023,"Ghent  BELGIUM  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  announced today that its Board of Directors has approved a succession plan under which Douglas Minder will be promoted to Chief Financial Officer (CFO)  effective July 1  2023. He will take over responsibility from Wim Ottevaere  who  after a long and successful career in finance in the life sciences industry  will conclude his operational role and will continue to serve Biotalys in an advisory capacity.“On behalf of the Board of Directors  I would like to extend our deep appreciation to Wim for his outstanding service to Biotalys. During his tenure  the company successfully completed its IPO  transitioning to a publicly listed entity preparing for commercialization ” said Simon Moroney  Chairman of the Board. “We are delighted to have Douglas take on the CFO role. He is a highly knowledgeable  proven financial leader who has already demonstrated his capabilities since joining Biotalys. We know that he will continue to be a great asset as he steps into his new role and joins the executive committee.”“I warmly congratulate Douglas on his promotion. Having already worked together for more than two years at Biotalys  I know he is an excellent choice to become our next CFO. He has a long  successful track record in finance and life sciences that will serve our growth ambition ” said Patrice Sellès  Chief Executive Officer. “I also want to express my sincere gratitude to Wim and acknowledge his strong leadership and dedication to Biotalys. It has been a great pleasure to work with him  and I look forward to his continued contribution as an advisor to the company.”“It has been a privilege for me to work at Biotalys and to have led its IPO in 2021  together with Patrice  Douglas and the team ” said Wim Ottevaere  CFO. “I am proud to have helped bring a platform-based company in the agtech sector to the stock exchange  just like I did previously in my career with similar technology platform companies in pharmaceuticals. I look forward to continuing to support the company once Douglas takes over as CFO and know I am passing the leadership of the financial function into highly capable hands.”Douglas Minder joined Biotalys in January 2021 and was appointed Deputy CFO after the company’s IPO to prepare for the role of CFO and start leading the finance team. He has over 30 years of financial experience  which includes more than eight years at Belgium-based multinational biopharmaceutical company UCB. His most recent position there was Finance Business Partner  where he worked across many groups to help them align strategic objectives with the company’s long-range financial plans. He also worked for 20 years as an auditor and consultant at Deloitte  both in Belgium and in the U.S.  where he served various Fortune 500 companies across multiple industries  including biopharma  technology  chemicals and manufacturing. He is an expert in U.S. GAAP and IFRS standards and reporting requirements for both the U.S. and European markets and has built successful cross-departmental relationships to develop continuous improvement solutions throughout an organization.Douglas Minder commented: “I am excited to take on the position of CFO and look forward to leading the finance function and meeting with the investment community. As we advance our pipeline programs through development and onto the market  I will be highly focused on working with the executive committee and Board to effectively grow the business.”Douglas MinderAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. The Biotalys actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer succession plan', 'Biotalys', 'knowledgeable, proven financial leader', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'similar technology platform companies', 'Belgium-based multinational biopharmaceutical company', 'various Fortune 500 companies', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'continuous improvement solutions', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'successful track record', 'successful cross-departmental relationships', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'life sciences industry', 'safer food supply', 'key crop pests', 'U.S. GAAP', 'long-range financial plans', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Finance Business Partner', 'financial function', 'financial experience', 'Agricultural Technology', 'executive committee', 'successful career', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'succession plan', 'advisory capacity', 'deep appreciation', 'outstanding service', 'Simon Moroney', 'great asset', 'excellent choice', 'growth ambition', 'sincere gratitude', 'great pleasure', 'continued contribution', 'agtech sector', 'stock exchange', 'capable hands', 'many groups', 'strategic objectives', 'multiple industries', 'IFRS standards', 'reporting requirements', 'European markets', 'investment community', 'pipeline programs', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Important Notice', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'finance function', 'operational role', 'new role', 'AgTech) company', 'platform-based company', 'food protection', 'Douglas Minder', 'Wim Ottevaere', 'two years', 'eight years', 'recent position', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'looking statements', 'next CFO', 'Deputy CFO', 'finance team', 'CFO role', 'strong leadership', 'Toon Musschoot', '30 years', '20 years', 'Ghent', 'Biotalys', 'BTLS', 'Board', 'Directors', 'responsibility', 'behalf', 'tenure', 'IPO', 'entity', 'commercialization', 'Chairman', 'capabilities', 'promotion', 'dedication', 'privilege', 'pharmaceuticals', 'January', 'UCB', 'auditor', 'consultant', 'Deloitte', 'chemicals', 'manufacturing', 'expert', 'organization', 'development', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Head', 'Communication', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'target', '9']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,globenewswire.com
20503,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/Nanobiotix-to-Provide-Operational-Update-and-Report-Full-Year-2022-Financial-Results-on-March-28-20-43244315/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Nanobiotix to Provide Operational Update and Report Full Year 2022 Financial Results on March 28  2023,(marketscreener.com) Conference Call and Webcast to be Held at 2:00 P.M CET/8:00 A.M. EDT on March 29  2023   PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  March 14  2023 -- NANOBIOTIX   a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand …,Conference Call and Webcast to be Held at 2:00 P.M CET/8:00 A.M. EDT on March 29  2023PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today announces that it will provide an operational update and report its financial results for full-year ending December 31  2022  on Tuesday  March 28  2023  after the close of the US market.This release will be followed by a conference call and live audio webcast on Wednesday  March 29  2023  at 2:00 PM CET/8:00 AM EDT  prior to the open of the US market. During the call  Laurent Levy  chief executive officer  and Bart Van Rhijn  chief financial officer  will briefly review the Company’s year-end results and provide an update on business activities before taking questions from analysts and investors. Investors are invited to email their questions in advance to investors@nanobiotix.com.Details for the call are as follows:Dial-In Information:Live (US): 1-877-423-9813Live France: 0 800 912 848Live (international): 1-201-689-8573A live webcast of the call may be accessed by visiting the investors section of the Company’s website at www.nanobiotix.com. A replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and will be archived on the Company’s website.***About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.NBTXR3 is being evaluated in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) as the primary development pathway. The company-sponsored Phase 1 dose escalation and dose expansion study has produced favorable safety data and early signs of efficacy; and a Phase 3 global registrational study was launched in 2021. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Nanobiotix has also prioritized an Immuno-Oncology development program—beginning with a Company-sponsored Phase 1 clinical study evaluating NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy in combination with anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors for patients with locoregional recurrent or recurrent/metastatic HNSCC  or lung or liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1 therapy.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a strategic collaboration strategy with world class partners to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies to evaluate NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations.About NANOBIOTIX:Nanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and TwitterContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentKate McNeilSVP  Investor Relations+1 (609) 678-7388investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR –Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.1,0.28,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Operational Update', 'Nanobiotix', 'Report', 'March', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'Company-sponsored Phase 1 clinical study', 'Phase 3 global registrational study', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'significant tumor cell death', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'squamous cell carcinoma', 'dose expansion study', 'chief executive officer', 'Bart Van Rhijn', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'adaptive immune response', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'favorable safety data', 'strategic collaboration strategy', 'world class partners', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'soft tissue sarcoma', 'Phase 1 dose escalation', 'chief financial officer', 'anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors', 'proprietary oncology platform', 'Immuno-Oncology development program', 'priority development pathways', 'United States Food', 'primary development pathway', 'class oncology product', 'lead product candidate', 'live audio webcast', 'Phase 3 study', 'physics-based approaches', 'primary cancer', 'several Phase 1', 'Phase 2 studies', 'therapeutic combinations', 'financial results', 'anti-PD-1 therapy', 'market authorization', 'solid tumor', 'tumor types', 'US market', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'full-year ending', 'Laurent Levy', 'year-end results', 'business activities', 'physical mechanism', 'advanced head', 'early signs', 'Drug Administration', 'radiation therapy', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'same population', 'locoregional recurrent', 'liver metastases', 'focus areas', 'scalable potential', 'The University', 'human life', '30 umbrella patents', 'brand name', 'live webcast', 'advanced HNSCC', 'recurrent/metastatic HNSCC', 'operational update', 'Dial-In Information', 'physical MoA', 'treatment outcomes', 'Conference Call', 'Live France', 'investors section', 'treatment possibilities', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', '8:00 A', 'March', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'patients', 'December', 'Tuesday', 'close', 'release', 'Wednesday', '2:00 PM', 'open', 'questions', 'analysts', 'Details', 'website', 'replay', 'conclusion', 'novel', 'radiotherapy', 'action', 'neck', 'efficacy', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'lung', 'parallel', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', 'Europe', 'Hensify', '2019']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20504,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias-de-Portugal-S-A-informs-Management-transaction-related-to-China-Three-Gorges-subsc-43243751/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. informs: Management transaction related to China Three Gorges subscription of shares,(marketscreener.com)     Investors &   Analysts'   Briefing   Reuters: EDP.LS   Bloomberg: EDP PL   Investor Relations   Department ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias-de-Portugal…,"MANAGEMENT TRANSACTION RELATED TO CHINA THREE GORGES SUBSCRIPTION OF SHARESLisbon  March 14th 2023: Pursuant to the terms and for the purposes of article 19 of Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council and of article 29-R of the Portuguese Securities Code  EDP - Energias de Portugal SA (""EDP"") informs the market and the general public that on March 10th  2023  the member of the General and Supervisory Board China Three Gorges (Europe) S.A. provided the following information to EDP:""Pursuant to and for the purposes of Article 19 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 16  2014  as amended (the ""Market Abuse Regulation"")  and Article 29-R of Decree-Law No. 486/99  of November 13  as amended (the ""Portuguese Securities Code"")  China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A.  a company incorporated in Luxembourg  with registered office at 10B  rue des Merovingiens  L-8070 Bertrange  Luxembourg  and registration number B164928  hereby notifies that  in its capacity as member of the General and Supervisory Board of EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A.  it has subscribed 45 755 458 shares representing approximately 1.09% of the share capital of EDP (the ""Shares"").The subscription of the Shares by China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A. was made in the context of EDP's share capital increase through the accelerated bookbuilding process (the ""ABB"") launched by EDP on March 2  2023 and the Shares have been created in the Central de Valores Mobiliários and admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon regulated market on March 7  2023  as communicated to the market by EDP.The Shares were subscribed by China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A. at a price of €4.58 per share  corresponding to a nominal value of €1 and an issue premium of €3.58 per share  as communicated to the market and to the public by EDP on March 3  2023. The total amount of subscription of the Shares by China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A. is equal to €209 559 997.64.Following the share capital increase and the subscription of the Shares described above  the voting rights inherent to 872 818 863 shares representing 20.861% of EDP's share capital are now attributable to China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A..China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A. is fully owned by China Three Gorges International Limited  which  in turn  is controlled by China Three Gorges International Corporation. China Three Gorges International Corporation is controlled by China Three Gorges Corporation (the ""CTG"")  which  in turn  is a state-owned company of the People's Republic of China. Therefore and under Article 20 (1) (b) of the Portuguese Securities Code  all",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['China Three Gorges subscription', 'S.A.', 'Management transaction', 'EDP', 'Energias', 'Portugal', 'shares', 'Central de Valores Mobiliários', 'China Three Gorges International Limited', 'China Three Gorges International Corporation', 'China Three Gorges Corporation', 'Euronext Lisbon regulated market', 'Portuguese Securities Code', 'rue des Merovingiens', 'share capital increase', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Europe) S.A.', 'Energias de', 'MANAGEMENT TRANSACTION', 'European Parliament', 'Supervisory Board', 'following information', 'registration number', 'bookbuilding process', 'nominal value', 'issue premium', 'total amount', 'voting rights', 'Portugal SA', 'Decree-Law No.', 'state-owned company', 'The Shares', 'general public', '45,755,458 shares', '872,818,863 shares', 'SUBSCRIPTION', 'terms', 'purposes', 'article', 'Council', 'EDP', 'March', 'member', 'April', 'November', 'Luxembourg', 'office', '10B', 'Bertrange', 'capacity', 'context', 'ABB', 'price', 'turn', 'CTG', 'People', 'Republic']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20505,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-LANSCHOT-KEMPEN-N-V-6308/news/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-update-on-share-buy-back-programme-7-March-2023-ndash-13-March-2023-43236418/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 7 March 2023 – 13 March 2023,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  14 March 2023   In the period from 7 March 2023 until 13 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 56 761 of its own shares . The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.74 per …,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  14 March 2023In the period from 7 March 2023 until 13 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 56 761 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.74 per share for a total amount of €1 574 476.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 119 471.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'March', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '14 March', 'period', '7 March', '13 March', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'mediarelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20506,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/14/2626325/0/en/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-update-on-share-buy-back-programme-7-March-2023-13-March-2023.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 7 March 2023 – 13 March 2023,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  14 March 2023       In the period from 7 March 2023 until 13 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has...,English DutchAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  14 March 2023In the period from 7 March 2023 until 13 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 56 761 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.74 per share for a total amount of €1 574 476.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 119 471.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'March', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'English Dutch', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '14 March', 'period', '7 March', '13 March', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,globenewswire.com
20507,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPAGNIE-DU-BOIS-SAUVAGE-5938/news/Cie-du-Bois-Sauvage-Buy-back-of-own-shares-ndash-week-from-06-03-2023-to-08-03-2023-43236461/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Cie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares – week from 06/03/2023 to 08/03/2023,(marketscreener.com)      PRESS RELEASE     Brussels  14 March 2023  08:30 AM       Regulated information        ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPAGNIE-DU-BOIS-SAUVAGE-5938/news/Cie-du-Bois-Sauvage-Buy-back-of-own-sh…,PRESS RELEASE Brussels  14 March 2023  08:30 AM Regulated informationwww.bois-sauvage.beCie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares - week from 06/03/2023 to08/03/2023.Implementation of authorization of the extraordinary general meeting of April 28  2021Disclosure of trading in own shares from 06/03/2023 to 08/03/2023:Date of transaction Number of shares Average price (€) Highest price (€) Lowest price (€) Total gross purchased amount (€) 06-03-23 63 335 0000 335 0000 335 0000 21.105 00 07-03-23 60 339 5833 340 0000 339 0000 20.375 00 08-03-23 77 349 3377 350 0000 347 0000 26.899 00 09-03-23 10-03-23 Total 200 341 8950 68.379 00As of 09 March 2023  Compagnie du Bois Sauvage has suspended its share buyback program.Pursuant to Article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019  implementing the Code on companies and associations  Compagnie du Bois Sauvage announces having dealt the following share buy-back transactions on the regulated NYSE Euronext Market Brussels. On 08/03/2023  the number of shares bought back since April 28  2021 amounted to 18 837 (1 1,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Cie du Bois Sauvage', 'shares', 'week', 'Total gross purchased amount', 'following share buy-back transactions', 'Cie du Bois Sauvage', 'Compagnie du Bois Sauvage', 'NYSE Euronext Market Brussels', 'share buyback program', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Average price', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Royal Decree', '14 March', 'information', 'shares', 'week', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Disclosure', 'trading', 'Date', 'Number', '09 March', 'Article', 'Code', 'companies', 'associations', '08/03', '08:30']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20508,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOMEC-S-P-A-43371375/news/Somec-invitation-to-the-conference-call-presentation-of-FY22-results-and-FY23-guidance-43243632/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Somec: invitation to the conference call presentation of FY22 results and FY23 guidance,(marketscreener.com)   SOMEC: INVITATION TO THE FY 2022 RESULTS AND 2023 GUIDANCE   CONFERENCE CALL PRESENTATION   San Vendemiano   14 March 2023 - Somec S.p.A.   a company specialising in the engineering  production and commissioning of complex turnk…,SOMEC: INVITATION TO THE FY 2022 RESULTS AND 2023 GUIDANCECONFERENCE CALL PRESENTATIONSan Vendemiano (Treviso  Italy)  14 March 2023 - Somec S.p.A. (Euronext Milan: SOM)  a company specialising in the engineering  production and commissioning of complex turnkey projects in the civil and naval engineering sector  announces its first-timeever conference call presentation aimed at presenting FY 2022 results as well as FY 2023 guidance  scheduled on:Thursday  23 March 2023 - 11:00 am CETThe conference call  to be held in Italian  will be hosted by:Oscar Marchetto   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Alessandro Zanchetta   Group Chief Financial OfficerTo join the conference call  please dial one of the following numbers:• Analysts and investors: +39 02 802 09 11 • Media (listen-only mode): +39 02 8020927A slide presentation will be available on www.somecgruppo.comwebsite  Investors / Presentations section  shortly before the beginning of the conference call.A digital playback  in Italian  will be made available for download at the same link  within 48 hours of the end of the conference call  together with an English transcript.SomecSomec S.p.A. specialises in the engineering  design and deployment of complex turnkey projects in the civil and naval fields  in three contract segments: Engineered systems of naval architecture and building façades  Professional kitchen systems and products  Mestieri: design and creation of bespoke interiors. The Group's companies operate under a similar business model  in compliance with strict quality and safety standards. The projects managed by the Group stand out for their high level of customisation and material-specificknow-how  a key requirement in projects with high added value. Thanks to its rigorous certification and accreditation process  Somec has achieved a reputation for quality and operational and financial reliability on a global scale. Somec is headquartered in San Vendemiano  in the province of Treviso (Italy)  has companies in the United States  Slovakia  China and Canada  employs around 800 people and posted a turnover of 258.5 million euro in 2021.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['conference call presentation', 'FY22 results', 'FY23 guidance', 'Somec', 'invitation', 'Chief Executive Officer Alessandro Zanchetta', 'Somec S.p.A.', 'Group Chief Financial Officer', 'first-timeever conference call presentation', 'three contract segments', 'building façades', 'similar business model', 'high added value', 'complex turnkey projects', 'Professional kitchen systems', 'naval engineering sector', 'slide presentation', 'financial reliability', 'high level', 'naval fields', 'naval architecture', 'FY 2022 RESULTS', 'San Vendemiano', 'Euronext Milan', 'Oscar Marchetto', 'following numbers', 'Presentations section', 'digital playback', 'same link', 'English transcript', 'bespoke interiors', 'safety standards', 'key requirement', 'rigorous certification', 'accreditation process', 'global scale', 'United States', 'The Group', 'FY 2023 guidance', 'strict quality', 'INVITATION', 'Treviso', 'Italy', '14 March', 'company', 'production', 'commissioning', 'civil', 'Thursday', '23 March', 'CET', 'Italian', 'Chairman', 'Analysts', 'investors', 'Media', 'beginning', 'download', '48 hours', 'design', 'deployment', 'Engineered', 'products', 'Mestieri', 'creation', 'companies', 'compliance', 'customisation', 'material-specificknow-how', 'reputation', 'operational', 'province', 'Slovakia', 'China', 'Canada', '800 people', 'turnover', '258.5 million', '11:00']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20509,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-information-in-respect-of-q4-2022-301771426.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information in Respect of Q4 2022,LONDON  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 3 March 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the fourth quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 7 March 2023. The record date is 8 March 202…,LONDON  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 3 March 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the fourth quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 7 March 2023. The record date is 8 March 2023. Payment of the dividend will take place from 31 March 2023.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 20 March 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 31 March 2023.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 20 March 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 31 March 2023.The reference price for shares delivered in lieu of cash is U.S. $10.42  resulting in a conversion ratio of one newly issued share for every 94.73 dividend rights held. The reference price is based on the volume–weighted average of the trading prices of a non-voting share on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the five-day trading period (treated as a single period) from 7 March to 13 March 2023.For further information on the Optional Stock Dividend Plan  please refer to the brochure on Tetragon's website.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com .Tetragon:Yuko Thomas Investor Relations [email protected] Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners [email protected] U.K. +44 20 3890 9193 U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information', 'Respect', 'Q4', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'alternative investment fund', 'volume–weighted average', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'London Stock Exchange', 'five-day trading period', 'investment manager', '94.73 dividend rights', 'U.K.', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'trading prices', 'single period', 'fourth quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'reference price', 'conversion ratio', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'European Union', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'voting shares', 'currency election', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'share election', 'Cash dividends', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', 'Payment', 'place', 'website', 'information', 'shareholders', 'Sterling', 'lieu', 'brochure', 'release', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.com
20510,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOSTRAVEL-COM-S-P-A-45130316/news/Sostravel-The-Board-of-Directors-approves-the-proposal-for-the-buyback-of-company-shares-43237659/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Sostravel: The Board of Directors approves the proposal for the buyback of company shares.,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Sostravel: The Board of Directors approves the proposal for   the buyback of company shares.   Gallarate  March 13  2023  Sostravel.com S.p.A.   a digital travel company offering booking services  digital itin…,"The Board's proposal envisages that the same is authorized to purchase treasury shares in the maximum number permitted by law  for a period of 18 months from the date of the shareholders' resolution approving the proposal. Within the duration of any authorization granted  the Board may carry out share purchases in one or more tranches and at any time  to a freely determined extent and time frame  in compliance with the applicable rules  including on a revolving basis (so-called revolving)  with the graduality deemed appropriate in the interest of the Company.Incentivize and retain employees  collaborators  directors of the Company  any subsidiaries  and/or other categories of subjects chosen at the discretion of the Board of Directors (in the context of stock incentive plans  structured in any form);Gallarate  March 13  2023  Sostravel.com S.p.A. (Euronext Growth Milan  ticker: SOS and OTCQB New York  ticker SOSAF)  a digital travel company offering booking services  digital itineraries including information on flights and airports  car rental  proprietary experiences and services including the Lost Luggage Concierge through app sostravel and flio as well as through the platforms www.sostravel.com and www.amareitalia.com   (""SosTravel"" or the ""Company"")  announces that the Board of Directors  which met today  has conferred to the President and the Chief Executive Officer  separtely  the powers to convene the shareholders' meeting called to approve the financial statements as at 31 December 2022 in order  among other things  to approve on the authorization to purchase and dispose of treasury shares ex. art 2357 and following the Civil Code.Authorization is requested for the purchase of Company shares with no par value  up to a maximum number which  taking into account the Company shares held from time to time in the Company's portfolio  does not overall exceed one-fifth of the capital company represented by shares in circulation  in compliance with the provisions of article 2357  paragraph 3  of the Civil Code and in any case for a maximum value of Euro 250 000.00.The purchase transactions may be carried out  within the limits specified above  in one or more tranches  directly on the market  according to the methods established by the Board of Directors which  in any case  guarantee equal treatment of the shareholders and compliance with the organization and management of multilateral trading systems  in compliance with the provisions of EU Regulation 596/2014  including the market practices accepted by the latter pursuant to article 13  of EU Regulation 2016/1052 and the applicable general legislation.With regard to disposal operations  the Board of Directors proposes that the authorization permit the adoption of any method deemed appropriate to correspond to the aims pursued - including the use of treasury shares to service stock incentive plans and/or the transfer of real and/or personal rights and/or securities lending - to be carried out either directly or through intermediaries  in compliance with the provisions of the law and regulations in force on the matter. The purchase and sale transactions of treasury shares carried out will be disclosed to the market in the terms and in the manner set out in the current regulatory legislation.It was also proposed to the Shareholders' Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors so that  pursuant to and for the purposes of article 2357-ter of the Civil Code  it may dispose  in whole or in part  in one or more tranches  of the treasury shares purchased  under the following terms and conditions: (i) the shares may be alienated or otherwise transferred at any time and without time limits; (ii) the unit price for the sale of the shares and/or the criteria  methods  terms  and conditions of use of all the treasury shares in the portfolio which are appropriate to correspond to the aims pursued may be established by the Board of Directors.Subject to authorization by the Company's shareholders' meeting  the purchase and sale of treasury shares will be carried out according to the criteria and conditions determined by the Board of Directors  having regard to the implementation methods to be used concretely  as well as the trend of the prices of the shares in the period preceding the transaction and in the best interest of the Company  in compliance with the terms  conditions  and requirements established by the applicable legislation.In any case  the purchases must be made: (i) at a price per share that cannot deviate by more than 15% from the reference price recorded by the stock in the trading session preceding each individual transaction; and (ii) at a price that is not higher than the higher of the price of the last independent transaction and the price of the highest current independent bid on the trading venue where the purchase is made.The Company does not currently hold treasury shares.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['company shares', 'Sostravel', 'The', 'Board', 'Directors', 'proposal', 'buyback', 'highest current independent bid', 'current regulatory legislation', 'S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'OTCQB New York', 'Lost Luggage Concierge', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'last independent transaction', 'stock incentive plans', 'multilateral trading systems', 'applicable general legislation', 'digital travel company', 'applicable legislation', 'digital itineraries', 'applicable rules', 'trading session', 'trading venue', 'maximum number', 'revolving basis', 'other categories', 'car rental', 'proprietary experiences', 'financial statements', 'other things', 'Civil Code', 'par value', 'maximum value', 'equal treatment', 'EU Regulation', 'disposal operations', 'personal rights', 'securities lending', 'individual transaction', ""shareholders' resolution"", ""shareholders' meeting"", 'treasury shares', 'capital company', 'The Company', 'booking services', 'best interest', 'time frame', 'market practices', 'sale transactions', 'unit price', 'implementation methods', 'reference price', 'Company shares', 'following terms', 'purchase transactions', 'The Board', 'share purchases', 'time limits', 'proposal', 'law', 'period', '18 months', 'date', 'duration', 'authorization', 'tranches', 'extent', 'compliance', 'graduality', 'employees', 'collaborators', 'directors', 'subsidiaries', 'subjects', 'discretion', 'context', 'form', 'Gallarate', 'Sostravel', 'ticker', 'SOSAF', 'flights', 'airports', 'flio', 'President', 'powers', '31 December', 'order', 'art', 'account', 'portfolio', 'one-fifth', 'circulation', 'provisions', 'paragraph', 'case', 'organization', 'management', 'latter', 'regard', 'adoption', 'aims', 'use', 'transfer', 'real', 'intermediaries', 'regulations', 'force', 'matter', 'manner', 'purposes', 'conditions', 'criteria', 'trend', 'prices', 'requirements']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20511,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias-de-Portugal-S-A-Management-transaction-related-to-China-Three-Gorges-subscription-of-43243795/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,EDP Energias de Portugal S A : Management transaction related to China Three Gorges subscription of shares,(marketscreener.com)   Management transaction related to China Three Gorges subscription of shares   Tuesday14  March 2023     Management transaction related to China Three Gorges subscription of shares     Lisbon  March 14th 2023: Pursuant to …,"Lisbon  March 14th 2023: Pursuant to the terms and for the purposes of article 19 of Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council and of article 29-R of the Portuguese Securities Code  EDP - Energias de Portugal SA (""EDP"") informs the market and the general public that on March 10th  2023  the member of the General and Supervisory Board China Three Gorges (Europe) S.A. provided the following information to EDP:""Pursuant to and for the purposes of Article 19 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 16  2014  as amended (the ""Market Abuse Regulation"")  and Article 29-R of Decree-Law No. 486/99  of November 13  as amended (the ""Portuguese Securities Code"")  China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A.  a company incorporated in Luxembourg  with registered office at 10B  rue des Merovingiens  L-8070 Bertrange  Luxembourg  and registration number B164928  hereby notifies that  in its capacity as member of the General and Supervisory Board of EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A.  it has subscribed 45 755 458 shares representing approximately 1.09% of the share capital of EDP (the ""Shares"").The subscription of the Shares by China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A. was made in the context of EDP's share capital increase through the accelerated bookbuilding process (the ""ABB"") launched by EDP on March 2  2023 and the Shares have been created in the Central de Valores Mobiliários and admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon regulated market on March 7  2023  as communicated to the market by EDP.The Shares were subscribed by China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A. at a price of €4.58 per share  corresponding to a nominal value of €1 and an issue premium of €3.58 per share  as communicated to the market and to the public by EDP on March 3  2023. The total amount of subscription of the Shares by China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A. is equal to €209 559 997.64.Following the share capital increase and the subscription of the Shares described above  the voting rights inherent to 872 818 863 shares representing 20.861% of EDP's share capital are now attributable to China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A..China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A. is fully owned by China Three Gorges International Limited  which  in turn  is controlled by China Three Gorges International Corporation. China Three Gorges International Corporation is controlled by China Three Gorges Corporation (the ""CTG"")  which  in turn  is a state-owned company of the People's Republic of China. Therefore and under Article 20 (1) (b) of the Portuguese Securities Code  all voting rights inherent to the 872 818 863 shares representing 20.861% of EDP's share capital are also attributable to these entities that control China Three Gorges (Europe)  S.A..Please find attached the form for notification and public disclosure of manager transactions conducted over EDP shares  pursuant to Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/523 of 10 March 2016 laying down technical standards with regard to the format and template for notification and public disclosure of managers' transactions  in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation.""EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['China Three Gorges subscription', 'Portugal S A', 'EDP Energias', 'Management transaction', 'shares', 'Central de Valores Mobiliários', 'China Three Gorges International Limited', 'China Three Gorges International Corporation', 'China Three Gorges Corporation', 'Portuguese Securities Code', 'rue des Merovingiens', 'Commission Implementing Regulation', 'share capital increase', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Energias de', 'European Parliament', 'Supervisory Board', 'S.A.', 'following information', 'registration number', 'bookbuilding process', 'nominal value', 'issue premium', 'total amount', 'voting rights', 'manager transactions', 'technical standards', ""managers' transactions"", 'public disclosure', 'Decree-Law No.', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'state-owned company', 'Portugal SA', 'general public', 'EDP shares', '45,755,458 shares', '872,818,863 shares', 'terms', 'purposes', 'article', 'Council', 'March', 'member', 'April', 'November', 'Luxembourg', 'office', '10B', 'Bertrange', 'capacity', 'subscription', 'context', 'ABB', 'price', 'turn', 'CTG', 'People', 'Republic', 'entities', 'notification', 'regard', 'template', 'accordance']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20512,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/14/2626305/0/en/Lleida-net-granted-72-new-patents-in-Europe-Its-digital-signature-solutions-portfolio-approaches-300-patents.html,Lleida.net  granted 72 new patents in Europe. Its digital signature solutions portfolio approaches 300 patents,MADRID  Spain  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (OTCQX:LLEIF) (EPA:ALLLN) (BME:LLN)  a leader in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry  has been granted 72 new patents in Europe for its …,"MADRID  Spain  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (OTCQX:LLEIF) (EPA:ALLLN) (BME:LLN)  a leader in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry  has been granted 72 new patents in Europe for its electronic contract certification and electronic signature methods.Patents received worldwide by the company now total 298 in what is one of the world's largest intellectual property portfolios in the field of trusted digital services. In just the last week  when Lleida.net announced the granting of patents in Germany  Austria and Switzerland  the company's portfolio  and thus its competitive advantage in the industry  increased by 30%.The first patent  EP3461074  relates to its ""Certification method of an electronic contract for electronic identification and trust services (EIDAS)"" and has been recognized in the following countries: Albania  Belgium  Bulgaria  Switzerland  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Estonia  Spain  Finland  France  United Kingdom  Greece  Croatia  Hungary  Ireland  Iceland  Italy  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Latvia  Monaco  North Macedonia  Malta  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Serbia  Sweden  Slovenia  Slovakia or Turkey.The second patent  EP3767875  granted by the same countries  is for its ""Method for signing contracts electronically.""Both are valid for 20 years.""The patents are recognition of the innovation and hard work of our team. They reinforce our commitment to continue developing new and disruptive technologies that solve real-world problems and drive digital transformation "" said Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of Lleida.net.""Our patented technologies are a testament to our commitment to innovation and excellence in the field of e-recruitment and digital signature solutions. As we recently announced  we will continue to invest in research and development to create cutting-edge solutions that meet the evolving needs of our customers and the market "" added Sapena.The company  which is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris  BME Growth in Madrid and OTCQX in New York  has already obtained worldwide patent recognition in more than 60 countries.Lleida.net's growth strategy includes a solid growth policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy. A recent study prepared by the firm Coller IP  has valued Lleida.net's SaaS intellectual property portfolio alone at 14.1 million euros  a conservative valuation of a single family of the company's key intangible assets.Currently  the company's patent portfolio comprises 17 patent families respectively directed to different aspects of the company's technologies and developments.Recently  the company announced the launch of its USVC product  the first universal electronic signature validator. The system  for which a patent application has already been filed in several countries  can confirm the origin of any electronic signature and provide certainty about its provenance and authenticity. It can verify the veracity of any digital signature  regardless of the platform with which it was signed  be it Docusign  Adobe  qualified electronic signature or any other.The company's latest earnings presentation took place last week  with the announcement of the best sales results since its founding in 1995  with over 20 million in revenue.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.07,0.02,True,English,"['digital signature solutions portfolio', 'Lleida.net', '72 new patents', '300 patents', 'Europe', 'first universal electronic signature validator', 'Spanish listed company Lleida.net', 'largest intellectual property portfolios', 'SaaS intellectual property portfolio', 'key intangible assets', 'latest earnings presentation', 'best sales results', 'registered electronic signature', 'electronic signature methods', 'qualified electronic signature', 'trusted digital services', 'digital signature solutions', 'electronic contract certification', 'solid growth policy', 'worldwide patent recognition', 'first patent', 'electronic identification', 'trust services', 'digital transformation', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'internationalization policy', 'patent portfolio', 'Euronext Growth', 'growth strategy', 'second patent', '17 patent families', 'patent application', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'last week', 'competitive advantage', 'Certification method', 'Czech Republic', 'United Kingdom', 'North Macedonia', 'hard work', 'real-world problems', 'evolving needs', 'R&D', 'recent study', 'Coller IP', '14.1 million euros', 'conservative valuation', 'single family', 'different aspects', 'USVC product', 'following countries', 'same countries', 'BME Growth', 'several countries', 'New York', 'contracting industry', 'Sisco Sapena', 'disruptive technologies', '72 new patents', '60 countries', 'MADRID', 'Spain', 'ALLLN', 'leader', 'notification', 'Europe', 'field', 'granting', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Switzerland', 'EIDAS', 'Albania', 'Belgium', 'Bulgaria', 'Cyprus', 'Denmark', 'Estonia', 'Finland', 'France', 'Greece', 'Croatia', 'Hungary', 'Ireland', 'Iceland', 'Italy', 'Liechtenstein', 'Lithuania', 'Luxembourg', 'Latvia', 'Monaco', 'Malta', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Romania', 'Serbia', 'Sweden', 'Slovenia', 'Slovakia', 'Turkey', 'contracts', '20 years', 'innovation', 'team', 'commitment', 'CEO', 'founder', 'testament', 'excellence', 'research', 'development', 'customers', 'market', 'Paris', 'OTCQX', 'reinforcement', 'firm', 'launch', 'system', 'origin', 'certainty', 'provenance', 'authenticity', 'veracity', 'platform', 'Docusign', 'Adobe', 'place', 'announcement', 'founding', 'revenue']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,globenewswire.com
20513,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARNEXT-SA-29750723/news/Pharnext-Sa-Pharnext-supports-and-participates-in-two-congresses-dedicated-to-Charcot-Marie-To-43236459/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Pharnext Sa :  Pharnext supports and participates in two congresses dedicated to Charcot-Marie-Tooth diseases in Marseille  France,"(marketscreener.com)  Thursday  March 17th: ""Innovative therapies in CMT""  Thematic Day organized by FILNEMUS  the Rare Diseases Network dedicated to neuromuscular diseases.Friday  March 18th: 32nd annual meeting of CMT-France  the French CMT patient advo…","Thursday  March 17 th : "" Innovative therapies in CMT ""  Thematic Day organized by FILNEMUS   the Rare Diseases Network dedicated to neuromuscular diseases.: "" ""  Thematic Day organized by   the Rare Diseases Network dedicated to neuromuscular diseases. Friday  March 18th: 32nd annual meeting of CMT-France  the French CMT patient advocacy group.PARIS  France  March 14th  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SCA (FR001400BV89 - ALPHA) (the “Company”)  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces its support to the organization and participation to both events dedicated to Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) diseases that will be held in Marseille  France: The FILNEMUS Thematic Day on ""Innovative therapies in CMT"" on Thursday  March 17th  2023 followed by the annual congress of CMT-France  the French CMT patient advocacy group  on March 18th  2023.The FILNEMUS Network's Thematic Days aim at bringing together all healthcare professionals involved in diagnosis  care and research  as well as patient advocacy groups involved in rare diseases. This year  members of the FILNEMUS network dedicated to CMT will discuss innovative therapies.This CMT thematic day will be held on March 17th  2023 at Parc Chanot in Marseille  France. More information on this medical education event is available at www.filnemus.frThe annual Congress of CMT-France  the French CMT patient advocacy group is an informative meeting that brings together all those impacted by Charcot-Marie-Tooth diseases around medical specialists.It will be held on March 18th  2023 at Parc Chanot in Marseille. More information on this annual event is available on www.cmt-france.orgThese two congresses are intended for patients and healthcare professionals involved in Charcot-Marie-Tooth diseases management  including the most common subtype 1A (CMT1A)  an indication in which Pharnext's lead candidate  PXT3003  is in pivotal Phase III clinical development. These meetings will provide an opportunity to combine the clinical updates  the latest scientific information and CMT patients testimonies.In order to strengthen its ties with patients and the medical community involved in the management of CMT1A in France  Pharnext has decided to support and participate in these two events.About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for neurodegenerative diseases currently without satisfactory therapeutic solutions. Pharnext has a first-in-class drug candidate  PXT3003  in development for Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a rare  debilitating  inherited peripheral neuropathy. PXT3003 benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. In 2018  PXT3003 completed a Phase III clinical trial  the PLEO-CMT trial  with encouraging topline results. This trial was followed by an open-label extension study  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  with 120 patients continuing treatment with PXT3003. Long-term data suggest a sustained benefit  safety  and efficacy  after 5 years of total trial time. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing with 387 CMT1A patients enrolled. PREMIER topline results are expected in Q4 2023. PXT3003 originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com .Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400BV89).ContactsThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xW9waMmblWuamnJxYcmXapVramlhm2DJZ2WYl5SeaMeYb21hlW+XmJbGZnBpnmVu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78908-2023.03.14_marseille_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.19,0.57,True,English,"['two congresses', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth diseases', 'Pharnext Sa', 'Marseille', 'France', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'French CMT patient advocacy group', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pivotal Phase III clinical development', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'high unmet medical need', 'patient advocacy groups', 'The FILNEMUS Thematic Day', 'open-label extension study', 'common subtype 1A', 'satisfactory therapeutic solutions', 'Euronext Growth market', 'original press release', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'other risk factors', 'next press releases', 'The FILNEMUS Network', 'CMT thematic day', 'total trial time', 'medical education event', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) diseases', 'latest scientific information', 'class drug candidate', 'Rare Diseases Network', '32nd annual meeting', 'CMT patients testimonies', 'PREMIER topline results', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth diseases management', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'clinical updates', 'other releases', 'PREMIER trial', 'medical specialists', 'annual event', 'medical community', 'Thematic Days', 'informative meeting', 'lead candidate', 'drug status', 'neuromuscular diseases', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'PLEO-CMT trial', 'PLEO-CMT-FU trial', 'annual congress', 'Innovative therapies', 'novel therapeutics', 'healthcare professionals', 'Parc Chanot', 'More information', 'two congresses', 'novel therapies', 'peripheral neuropathy', 'United States', 'Long-term data', 'sustained benefit', 'ISIN code', 'Regulated information', 'two events', 'financial reports', 'PXT3003 benefits', 'Pharnext SCA', '387 CMT1A patients', '120 patients', 'Thursday', 'Friday', 'CMT-France', 'PARIS', 'March', 'ALPHA', 'support', 'organization', 'participation', 'Marseille', 'diagnosis', 'research', 'members', 'indication', 'meetings', 'opportunity', 'order', 'ties', 'Europe', 'encouraging', 'treatment', 'safety', 'efficacy', '5 years', 'Q4', 'attention', 'investors', 'Contacts', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '08:30']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20514,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RACING-FORCE-S-P-A-129457864/news/Racing-Force-S-p-a-Racing-Force-begins-the-expansion-of-Ronco-Scrivia-main-headquarter-43236491/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Racing Force S.p.a. :  Racing Force begins the expansion of Ronco Scrivia main headquarter,(marketscreener.com)  The investment supports the demand growth and the diversification projects with a positive effect on local territory and employmentRonco Scrivia   March 14th  2023 - Racing Force S.p.A.  parent company of Racing Force Group  which i…,"The investment supports the demand growth and the diversification projects with a positive effect on local territory and employmentRonco Scrivia (GE  Italy)  March 14th  2023 - Racing Force S.p.A.  parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing of safety components for motorsports worldwide  listed on the Euronext Growth segment in Milan (RFG) and Paris (ALRFG)  announces the start of the expansion plan for the main Group's headquarter in Ronco Scrivia  part of Metropolitan City of Genova. Following the construction work  scheduled to be completed in 2024  Racing Force Group will be able to increase manufacturing and stock capacity to service its customers and its subsidiary companies in Bahrain and United States.The total plant surface area will go up from the current 8 000 to 12 000 square metres  with a 50% increase  and the work will not impact the daily activities. During the design phase  a particular emphasis on environmental sustainability has been put in place  adopting solutions as a solar power plant to produce electricity  a meteoric water recovery system  and the selection of environmentally friendly materials  which will help to optimize the energy demand of the building.The Ronco Scrivia building enlargement project fits into the general development strategy for all the main Group's offices  in particular the ones of Sakhir  Bahrain  and Mooresville  United States. The goal is responding to the constant growth demand for the OMP  Bell  Zeronoise and Racing Spirit branded products  and supporting all the diversification programs already underway  which will start to be reality in 2024. Currently  Racing Force deploys over 500employees globally  and the headquarters expansion will bring further recruitments in the immediate future  along a positive impact on the local economy.The announcement comes after the kick-off of the 2023 FIA Formula 1 World Championship  in which Racing Force Group is committed with a broad technology deployment  as in other major car racing series as FIA World Rally Championship  FIA Formula E World Championship  and NASCAR Cup Series and IndyCar Series in the Unites States. In the last five seasons (2018-2022)  the Racing Force Group products contributed to secure 37 out of 53 world titles.Paolo Delprato  Racing Force Group President and CEO  commented: ""Our growth strategy reaches now another key step. Following the start of the expansion program of the Bahrain's Sakhir plant  in partnership with Bahrain International Circuit (BIC)  it's now the turn of Ronco Scrivia headquarter  located in Metropolitan City of Genova. These projects  together the one ready to be launched in the United States  are crucial to support the expected growth on the market  to further empower our service level and to make Racing Force Group ready for 2024  when our diversification programs will start to become tangible numbers"".This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xm9xZZeXY5jGmp2eZcdmmmGWmWlhmGjJmpLIl2htZ8mWZ29mmZyWnJWZZnBpnmZm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78910-230314-eng-racing-force-group-ronco-scrivia-expansion.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Ronco Scrivia main headquarter', 'Racing Force S.', 'expansion', 'The Ronco Scrivia building enlargement project', 'Racing Force S.p.A.', 'FIA Formula E World Championship', 'other major car racing series', '2023 FIA Formula 1 World Championship', 'FIA World Rally Championship', 'current 8,000 to 12,000 square metres', 'meteoric water recovery system', 'Racing Spirit branded products', 'total plant surface area', 'Racing Force Group products', 'Racing Force Group President', 'NASCAR Cup Series', 'solar power plant', 'environmentally friendly materials', 'broad technology deployment', 'last five seasons', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'Euronext Growth segment', 'Ronco Scrivia headquarter', 'constant growth demand', 'general development strategy', 'Bahrain International Circuit', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'other releases', '53 world titles', 'IndyCar Series', 'main Group', 'growth strategy', 'demand growth', 'Sakhir plant', 'energy demand', 'positive effect', 'local territory', 'safety components', 'Metropolitan City', 'stock capacity', 'subsidiary companies', 'United States', 'daily activities', 'design phase', 'particular emphasis', 'environmental sustainability', 'diversification programs', 'immediate future', 'positive impact', 'local economy', 'Unites States', 'Paolo Delprato', 'service level', 'tangible numbers', 'expansion plan', 'headquarters expansion', 'key step', 'expansion program', 'diversification projects', 'parent company', 'construction work', 'Regulated information', 'investment', 'employment', 'Italy', 'production', 'marketing', 'motorsports', 'Milan', 'RFG', 'Paris', 'start', 'Genova', 'manufacturing', 'customers', '50% increase', 'place', 'solutions', 'electricity', 'selection', 'offices', 'Mooresville', 'goal', 'Bell', 'Zeronoise', 'reality', '500 employees', 'recruitments', 'announcement', 'kick-off', 'CEO', 'partnership', 'BIC', 'turn', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20515,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/14/2627016/0/en/6-2-million-in-funding-allocated-by-ADEME-to-Global-Bioenergies-Pr%C3%A9nidem-project.html,€6.2 million in funding allocated by ADEME to Global Bioenergies’ Prénidem project,€6.2 million in funding allocated by ADEME to Global Bioenergies’ Prénidem project  €4.4 million allocated to Global Bioenergies  €1 million...,French English€6.2 million in funding allocated by ADEME to Global Bioenergies’ Prénidem project€4.4 million allocated to Global Bioenergies  €1 million allocated to Ajinomoto Foods Europe and €0.7 million allocated to ARD  the other two members of the consortiumFunding in the form of 60% subsidy (non-repayable) and 40% repayable advances  subject to the achievement of technical and commercial milestones  to be paid in several instalments over the duration of the project  including an initial 15% instalment.Evry  14 March 2023 – Global Bioenergies announces that it has received support from the French government as part of the “Biobased products and industrial biotechnologies” call for projects led by ADEME  in partnership with Ajinomoto Foods Europe  leader in industrial fermentation  and ARD  specialist in scale-up and exploitation of biotechnological processes. The project runs until September 2025.The Prénidem project aims to implement the “two-step” production process on which Horizon 2 is based. The first step involves the conversion of residual sugars into DMA (also known as “prenic acid”). Production of this metabolic intermediate is carried out in an industrial-scale fermenter operated by Ajinomoto Foods Europe. The second step consists of converting this DMA into isobutene in the production unit owned by Global Bioenergies and operated by ARD at its Pomacle-Bazancourt facility.The main goal of the project is to promote commercial applications of biobased isobutene derivatives in the make-up market as well as the high octane renewable fuel additives currently sought by Formula 1 stakeholders.The second goal is to optimise the technology in order to reduce the production costs of biobased isobutene and its derivatives.The project will boost the development of new green value industries in France by addressing the strategic challenges of economic sovereignty  income generation and employment.Yves Duquesnoy  Deputy CEO of Ajinomoto Foods Europe  commented: “Our collaboration with Global Bioenergies started in 2021 and has gone from strength to strength since then: we have managed to scale up the DMA biological production process to 160 000 litres. We are very glad to be able to optimise industrial production thanks to government support.”Philippe Aubry  Deputy CEO of ARD  said: “We have been working with Global Bioenergies since 2014 and as part of this project we bring our know-how to contribute to the industrialization of this radically innovative process. We produce the biocatalyst for the second step on an industrial size fermenter (180 000 litres)  and carry out the second step itself (bioconversion of DMA into isobutene) on the Global Bioenergies reactor.”Bernard Chaud  Head of Industrial Strategy at Global Bioenergies  said: “This government funding will allow us to optimise our Horizon 2 production chain and prepare the commercial roll-out of the ViaViridia plant  which corresponds to our Horizon 3  by offering significant volumes of biobased isobutene and derivatives to our customers and prospects.”About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESinvest@global-bioenergies.comPRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Global Bioenergies’ Prénidem project', 'funding', 'ADEME', 'high octane renewable fuel additives', 'new green value industries', 'Global Bioenergies’ Prénidem project', 'The Prénidem project', 'industrial size fermenter (180,000 litres', 'Ajinomoto Foods Europe', 'other two members', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'natural make-up brand', 'major cosmetics companies', 'two-step” production process', 'biological production process', 'Global Bioenergies reactor', 'Horizon 2 production chain', 'industrial-scale fermenter', 'industrial production', 'innovative process', 'make-up market', 'cosmetics industry', 'industrial biotechnologies', 'industrial fermentation', 'Industrial Strategy', 'production unit', 'production costs', 'global warming', 'French English', '40% repayable advances', 'commercial milestones', 'several instalments', 'initial 15% instalment', 'French government', 'biotechnological processes', 'first step', 'residual sugars', 'prenic acid', 'metabolic intermediate', 'second step', 'Pomacle-Bazancourt facility', 'main goal', 'commercial applications', 'Formula 1 stakeholders', 'second goal', 'strategic challenges', 'economic sovereignty', 'income generation', 'Yves Duquesnoy', 'Deputy CEO', 'Philippe Aubry', 'Bernard Chaud', 'commercial roll-out', 'ViaViridia plant', 'significant volumes', 'plant-derived resources', 'materials sectors', 'first long-lasting', 'key ingredient', 'carbon footprint', 'long run', 'road sector', 'news feed', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'Iva Baytcheva', 'Nicolas Daniels', 'Biobased products', 'biobased isobutene', 'government support', 'government funding', '160,000 litres', 'ADEME', 'consortium', '60% subsidy', 'achievement', 'technical', 'duration', 'Evry', 'part', 'projects', 'leader', 'scale-up', 'exploitation', 'September', 'conversion', 'derivatives', 'technology', 'order', 'development', 'France', 'employment', 'collaboration', 'strength', 'know-how', 'industrialization', 'biocatalyst', 'Head', 'customers', 'prospects', 'compounds', 'energy', 'LAST®', 'Isonaturane®', 'naturalness', 'formulas', '2 emissions', 'aviation', 'ALGBE', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'ndaniels', 'Attachment', '14']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,globenewswire.com
20516,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301772072.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 14 March 2023  delivered 295 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €93.29). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 147 272. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0002%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.11,0.63,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '295 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '14 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.co.uk
20517,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GLOBAL-BIOENERGIES-8071529/news/6-2-million-in-funding-allocated-by-ADEME-to-Global-Bioenergies-Prenidem-project-43243057/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,6.2 million in funding allocated by ADEME to Global Bioenergies' Prénidem project,(marketscreener.com)    €6.2 million in funding allocated by ADEME to Global Bioenergies’ Prénidem project €4.4 million allocated to Global Bioenergies  €1 million allocated to Ajinomoto Foods Europe and €0.7 million allocated to ARD  the other two members of…,€6.2 million in funding allocated by ADEME to Global Bioenergies’ Prénidem project€4.4 million allocated to Global Bioenergies  €1 million allocated to Ajinomoto Foods Europe and €0.7 million allocated to ARD  the other two members of the consortiumFunding in the form of 60% subsidy (non-repayable) and 40% repayable advances  subject to the achievement of technical and commercial milestones  to be paid in several instalments over the duration of the project  including an initial 15% instalment.Evry  14 March 2023 – Global Bioenergies announces that it has received support from the French government as part of the “Biobased products and industrial biotechnologies” call for projects led by ADEME  in partnership with Ajinomoto Foods Europe  leader in industrial fermentation  and ARD  specialist in scale-up and exploitation of biotechnological processes. The project runs until September 2025.The Prénidem project aims to implement the “two-step” production process on which Horizon 2 is based. The first step involves the conversion of residual sugars into DMA (also known as “prenic acid”). Production of this metabolic intermediate is carried out in an industrial-scale fermenter operated by Ajinomoto Foods Europe. The second step consists of converting this DMA into isobutene in the production unit owned by Global Bioenergies and operated by ARD at its Pomacle-Bazancourt facility.The main goal of the project is to promote commercial applications of biobased isobutene derivatives in the make-up market as well as the high octane renewable fuel additives currently sought by Formula 1 stakeholders.The second goal is to optimise the technology in order to reduce the production costs of biobased isobutene and its derivatives.The project will boost the development of new green value industries in France by addressing the strategic challenges of economic sovereignty  income generation and employment.Yves Duquesnoy  Deputy CEO of Ajinomoto Foods Europe  commented: “Our collaboration with Global Bioenergies started in 2021 and has gone from strength to strength since then: we have managed to scale up the DMA biological production process to 160 000 litres. We are very glad to be able to optimise industrial production thanks to government support.”Philippe Aubry  Deputy CEO of ARD  said: “We have been working with Global Bioenergies since 2014 and as part of this project we bring our know-how to contribute to the industrialization of this radically innovative process. We produce the biocatalyst for the second step on an industrial size fermenter (180 000 litres)  and carry out the second step itself (bioconversion of DMA into isobutene) on the Global Bioenergies reactor.”Bernard Chaud  Head of Industrial Strategy at Global Bioenergies  said: “This government funding will allow us to optimise our Horizon 2 production chain and prepare the commercial roll-out of the ViaViridia plant  which corresponds to our Horizon 3  by offering significant volumes of biobased isobutene and derivatives to our customers and prospects.”About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESinvest@global-bioenergies.comPRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"[""Global Bioenergies' Prénidem project"", 'funding', 'ADEME', 'high octane renewable fuel additives', 'new green value industries', 'Global Bioenergies’ Prénidem project', 'The Prénidem project', 'industrial size fermenter (180,000 litres', 'Ajinomoto Foods Europe', 'other two members', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'natural make-up brand', 'major cosmetics companies', 'two-step” production process', 'biological production process', 'Global Bioenergies reactor', 'Horizon 2 production chain', 'industrial-scale fermenter', 'industrial production', 'innovative process', 'make-up market', 'cosmetics industry', 'industrial biotechnologies', 'industrial fermentation', 'Industrial Strategy', 'production unit', 'production costs', 'global warming', '40% repayable advances', 'commercial milestones', 'several instalments', 'initial 15% instalment', 'French government', 'biotechnological processes', 'first step', 'residual sugars', 'prenic acid', 'metabolic intermediate', 'second step', 'Pomacle-Bazancourt facility', 'main goal', 'commercial applications', 'Formula 1 stakeholders', 'second goal', 'strategic challenges', 'economic sovereignty', 'income generation', 'Yves Duquesnoy', 'Deputy CEO', 'Philippe Aubry', 'Bernard Chaud', 'commercial roll-out', 'ViaViridia plant', 'significant volumes', 'plant-derived resources', 'materials sectors', 'first long-lasting', 'key ingredient', 'carbon footprint', 'long run', 'road sector', 'news feed', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'Iva Baytcheva', 'Nicolas Daniels', 'Biobased products', 'biobased isobutene', 'government support', 'government funding', '160,000 litres', 'ADEME', 'consortium', '60% subsidy', 'achievement', 'technical', 'duration', 'Evry', 'part', 'projects', 'leader', 'scale-up', 'exploitation', 'September', 'conversion', 'derivatives', 'technology', 'order', 'development', 'France', 'employment', 'collaboration', 'strength', 'know-how', 'industrialization', 'biocatalyst', 'Head', 'customers', 'prospects', 'compounds', 'energy', 'LAST®', 'Isonaturane®', 'naturalness', 'formulas', '2 emissions', 'aviation', 'ALGBE', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'ndaniels', 'Attachment']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20518,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAFE-S-A-66148619/news/Conclusion-of-a-new-bond-financing-agreement-for-a-maximum-nominal-amount-of-29-9-million-euros-subj-43244097/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Conclusion of a new bond financing agreement for a maximum nominal amount of 29.9 million euros subject to conditions,(marketscreener.com) DISCLAIMER SAFE has set up this financing through OCEANE bonds with the Financial Investor who  after receiving the shares resulting from the conversion or exercise of these instruments  does not intend to remain a shareholder of the Comp…,"Conclusion of a new bond financing agreement for a maximum nominal amount of 29.9 million euros subject to conditions 03/14/2023 | 03:54pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields DISCLAIMERSAFE has set up this financing through OCEANE bonds with the Financial Investor who  after receiving the shares resulting from the conversion or exercise of these instruments  does not intend to remain a shareholder of the Company.The shares  resulting from the conversion or exercise of the above-mentioned securities  could be sold in the market at very short notice  which could create a strong downward pressure on the share price .Shareholders could suffer a loss of their invested capital due to a significant decrease in the value of the Company's share  as well as a strong dilution due to the large number of securities issued to the Financial Investor.Investors are invited to be particularly vigilant before deciding to invest in the securities of SAFE   which carries out such dilutive financing operations  particularly when they are carried out successively.The Company reminds you that this is not the first dilutive financing transaction that it has implemented.The drawing of each of the Tranches is subject to several conditions that the Company must respect (including  in particular  the condition that the Company has a sufficient number of authorized shares under the delegation of the general meeting and that the closing price of the Company's shares on the market is higher than 130% of the nominal value of the Company's shares for at least 60 consecutive trading days1 ) otherwise the Financial Investor may interrupt the program.Investors are invited to take note of the risks associated with this type of transaction   as mentioned in this press release. Among these risks  it is reminded that insofar as the amount of the Complementary Commission 2is not capped  if it were due and paid in cash  it could lead the Company to have to return to the Investor a substantial part of the financing granted.Conclusion of a new bond financing agreement for a maximum nominal amount of 29.9 million euros subject to conditions59-tranche bond issue  relating to the financing of working capital and the growth plan  subject to the satisfaction at each drawdown of certain specific conditions detailed in this release. Éragny-sur-Oise  Fleurieux-sur-l'Arbresle  March 14  2023 at 8:00 p.m. CET - Safe (ALSAF)  a company specializing in the design  manufacture and marketing of ready-to-use technologies for back surgery  particularly safe for spinal fractures treated in emergency (the ""Company"") announces 29 900 000 euros financing program over 59 months  through the issue of warrants giving access to bonds convertible or exchangeable for new and/or existing shares (the ""OCEANE""). This bond issue is composed of 4 tranches of 600 000 euros in nominal value each and 55 tranches 500 000 each (a ""Tranche"" or ""Tranches"")  consisting in total of 29 900 OCEANE bonds with a nominal value of Global Corporate Finance Opportunities 20 (the ""Financial Investor"") has undertaken to subscribe for a first tranche of 600 OCEANE bonds (the ""First Tranche"") upon signature of the contract for the issuance of the OCEANE bonds (the ""Issuance Contract""). Name of issuer: SAFE SA (FR001400F1V2 - ALSAF) Type of financing: OCEANE Financial Investor: Global Corporate Finance Opportunities 20  a company whose registered office is located at PO Box 2775  67 Fort Street  Artemis House  Grand Cayman KY1-1111  Cayman Islands and registered under number CR-395537 (the ""Financial Investor""). The Financial Investor is not an investment service provider and is not licensed or otherwise authorized to conduct its business  which is not regulated. Maximum gross proceeds of the issue of the OCEANE bonds (assuming the issue of all the 29 900 OCEANE bonds issued under the 59 tranches and after deduction of the expenses linked to this issue): € 29 900 000 Maximum net proceeds of the issue of the OCEANE bonds (assuming the issue of all the 29 900 OCEANE bonds issued under the 59 tranches and after deduction of the expenses connected with this issue): € 28 993 000 3 Period: 4 tranches of €600 000 nominal value each and 55 tranches of €500 000 nominal value each  i.e. a total of 59 tranches spread over 59 months (5 years)  except in case of suspension of the program at the will of the Company or acceleration of the Tranches at the will of the Financial Investor (see the main characteristics of the warrants below). Conditionality: see below the conditions that the Company will have to respect when drawing down each of the Tranches. Objectives of the financing program: It is reminded that the market capitalization of the Company is approximately 1 million and that the purpose of the implementation of this financing line through the issuance of OCEANE bonds  allowing for a potential fund raising of a maximum amount of 29 million euros through the subscription of 29 900 OCEANE bonds  is to allow the Safe group to finance its working capital requirements and its growth plan  which concerns in particular: the structural changes to be made within the Group with a view to achieving financial equilibrium as quickly as possible : since the transformation of Safe Medical and the internalized production of Safe Orthopaedics products (Q4 2022)  the Group has been working on reducing OPEX and improving its working capital;: since the transformation of Safe Medical and the internalized production of Safe Orthopaedics products (Q4 2022)  the Group has been working on reducing OPEX and improving its working capital; organic commercial growth : the Group is developing a strategy of direct sales in France  Germany and the United States  and of distribution in the rest of the world  which requires regular investment and the financing of a dedicated sales force in all these regions; and: the Group is developing a strategy of direct sales in France  Germany and the United States  and of distribution in the rest of the world  which requires regular investment and the financing of a dedicated sales force in all these regions; and external growth: the Group remains attentive to any opportunity that would enable it to deploy its technological and commercial model internationally and wishes to be able to finance this type of opportunity with its own funds.Terms and legal framework of the issue The Company's Extraordinary General Meeting held on December 16  2022  ruling in accordance with the provisions of article L.225-138 of the French Commercial Code  granted the Board of Directors  in its third resolution  a delegation of authority to issue financial securities and/or securities giving access  immediately or in the future  to a portion of the share capital  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription right in favor of categories of persons. At its meeting of March 10  2023  the Board of Directors of the Company  using the delegation of powers and authorizations granted under the third resolution of the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of December 16  2022  decided to sign the Issuance Agreement and to issue warrants giving access to the OCEANE bonds  representing a maximum nominal amount of 29.9 million euros. 29.9 million. At the same meeting  the Board of Directors of the Company issued the First Tranche following the exercise of 600 Warrants by the Financial Investor  leading to the issuance of 600 OCEANE bonds subscribed for by the Investor and 75 OCEANE bonds as payment of the commitment fee provided for in the Issuance Agreement3. As of the date of this press release  no OCEANE bonds have been converted by the Financial Investor under the First Tranche. The main characteristics of the Warrants  the OCEANEs and the Warrants are described below: Main characteristics of the Warrants The OCEANE tranches will be issued upon exercise of warrants issued free of charge (the ""Warrants""). The Warrants will not be listed or admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth market in Paris or on any other financial market. The Issue Warrants will be freely transferable to any other fund or company controlling or controlled by the Financial Investor but may only be transferred to a third party with the prior consent of the Company. The Warrants shall oblige the holder  upon request of the Company (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions detailed below) or upon option of the Financial Investor (subject to the suspension of the program by the Company)  to subscribe for a tranche of OCEANEs  on the basis of one OCEANE per Warrant. It is expected that each of the 59 tranches will be drawn down automatically at the end of a period of 20 trading days from the drawdown of the previous tranche (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions detailed below). It is specified that the Company controls the rhythm of the financial support offered by the Financial Investor  since it may at any time  subject to a notice period of 15 trading days  suspend (and then resume  as the case may be) the drawings (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions detailed below). It is also specified that the Financial Investor will have the possibility  at its sole initiative  to request the drawing of new Tranches on an accelerated basis during the financing program (unless the Company has suspended the program in accordance with the procedure described above). As an exception  in the event that the total average daily traded value over the last 20 trading days preceding the drawdown of a Tranche (reduced by 10% of outliers) is less than 45 000 euros  the Financial Investor will have the right to reduce the amount of the Tranche by 50% at its discretion. 29 900 Warrants will be issued to the Financial Investor on the basis of the third (3rd) resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of the Company of December 16  2022. Main conditions to the subscription of each tranche of OCEANE by the Financial Investor :No material adverse change has occurred;No firm commitment constituting a change of control of the Company has been entered into;No authority (including the AMF) has opposed or is opposed to the issuance of the OCEANEs (or their conversion);No Event of Default 4exists as of the date of the drawdown;The Company's shares are still listed and the listing of the Company's shares has not been suspended (and there is no identified risk of such a suspension);The Company has a sufficient number of authorized shares to service the conversions of the OCEANE bonds to be issued in connection with the drawdown (and  if applicable  of the OCEANE bonds still outstanding)  i.e.  at least a number of shares corresponding to at least 150% of the nominal amount of such bond divided by the volume-weighted average closing price of SAFE shares on the day of the drawdown.The closing price of the SAFE shares on Euronext Growth Paris must have been higher than one hundred and thirty percent (130%) of the nominal value of the SAFE shares for at least sixty (60) consecutive trading days prior to the date on which the drawdown request is sent (or  if this was not the case  the share capital of the Company was reduced during this period by means of a reduction in the nominal value of the SAFE shares). It is specified that the Financial Investor will be able to choose to subscribe to a tranche even if the Company does not comply with all of the foregoing conditions. Main characteristics of the OCEANE bonds The nominal value per unit of the OCEANE bonds is equal to 1 000 euros. Each OCEANE will be subscribed for at a subscription price equal to 97% of its nominal value per unit. The OCEANE bonds are freely transferable or assignable by the Investor. The OCEANEs will not be listed or admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth market in Paris or on any other financial market. In accordance with Article L. 225-132 of the French Commercial Code  the issuance of the Warrants and the issuance of the new shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs will be carried out without preferential subscription rights. Each OCEANE will mature twelve (12) months after its issuance (the ""Maturity""). In the event of non-conversion of an OCEANE before Maturity  the OCEANE will be automatically converted into shares of the Company on that date. The OCEANEs do not bear interest. However  in the event of an event of default  the outstanding OCEANEs will be redeemed to the Investor at 120% of their nominal value. The OCEANEs may be converted into new ordinary shares (or exchanged for existing shares) at the request of the holder  at any time from the date of their issuance up to and including Maturity  or in the event of default in the redemption of the OCEANEs at Maturity  in accordance with the conversion ratio determined by the following formula N = Vn / P ""N"" is the number of shares resulting from the conversion of an OCEANE attributable to the OCEANE holder  ""Vn"" is the nominal value of one OCEANE  i.e. 1 000 euros  ""P"" is the ""Conversion Price"" of one OCEANE will be equal to the higher of: (i) 97% of the lowest of the volume-weighted average closing prices of the share (as published by Bloomberg) during a period of ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the notification of a conversion notice (the ""Conversion Date"") by the holder (rounded down to the second decimal place) (the ""Theoretical Conversion Price"") (ii) the par value of the Company's share  and (iii) 80% of the volume-weighted average share price over a period of ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the Conversion Date  in accordance with the third resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of the Company dated December 16  2022.In any event  ""P"" may not be less than the nominal value of the share on the Conversion Date of the relevant OCEANE(s). In the event that ""P"" is less than the nominal value of a SAFE share  the Company has undertaken to pay the Investor an additional fee corresponding to the amount of the claim on the Company resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs of the said Tranche at the nominal value of the SAFE share when the calculated Theoretical Conversion Price is lower than the Conversion Price (the ""Additional Fee"")  the amount of which will be calculated in accordance with the formula below : (A/B – A/C) x D x (C/E) where: ""A"" corresponds to the nominal amount of the OCEANEs which are the subject of the conversion notice; ""B"" is the Theoretical Conversion Price; ""C"" is the nominal value of one SAFE share; ""D"" is the closing price of the SAFE share on the date of receipt by the Company of the relevant conversion notice; ""E"" is the lowest price of SAFE shares between the Conversion Date and the date of payment of the Additional Fee. In addition  in this context  the Company undertakes (i) not to draw any tranches if the Company's share price were to fall below or equal to its nominal value (€0.10) and (ii) to convene a general meeting of shareholders in order to reduce its share capital by reducing the nominal value of the shares in order to avoid paying the Additional Fee. Indeed  if these undertakings were not respected  the amount of the Additional Commission could be substantial and make the above-mentioned bond financing very costly and unattractive for the Company. Commissions and commitment fees In remuneration of the commitment of the Investor to subscribe for the tranches of OCEANE bonds issued in the framework of the financing  the Company will pay to the Investor a commitment fee equal to 3% of the maximum nominal amount of the financing  i.e. a total fee of 897 000. This fee will be paid (i) in four (4) instalments  for an amount of 75 000 Euro each time  by the issuance of 75 additional OCEANE bonds at the time of the drawing of the first  second  third and fourth Tranche of OCEANE bonds  (ii) in thirty-nine (39) instalments  for an amount of 15. 15 000 each time  through the issuance of 15 additional OCEANE bonds at the time of the drawdown of Tranches 20 to 58 and (iii) on one last occasion for an amount of 12 000 euros  through the issuance of 12 additional OCEANE bonds at the time of the drawdown of the last Tranche (Tranche 59). Moreover  each OCEANE being subscribed for at a subscription price equal to 97% of its unit nominal value  in case of exercise of all the OCEANEs  the Investor will have benefited from a reduction of the subscription price for a total amount of New shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs The new shares issued  as the case may be  upon conversion of the OCEANEs will carry current dividend rights. They will have the same rights as those attached to the existing ordinary shares of the Company and will be listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris on the same quotation line (FR001400F1V2 - ALSAF). The Company will maintain on its website ( www.safeorthopaedics.com ) (section Investor > Documentation) a table showing the number of OCEANE bonds and shares outstanding. Main risks associated with the Company The main risks associated with the Company and its sector of activity have been presented in the annual financial report for the year ended December 31  2021 and the half-yearly financial report for the six months ended June 30  2022 available on Safe's website (www.safeorthopaedics.com/investisseurs/documentation/). The main risk factors relating to the new shares issued upon conversion of the OCEANE bonds are set out below: Risk of dilution of the Company's shareholders : in the event of the issuance of new shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs  the shareholders will see their stake in the share capital of SAFE diluted; Risk in the event of non-completion of all the tranches : the drawing of the tranches and the related financing is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions  some of which are detailed above (including  in particular  the condition that the Company has a sufficient number of authorized shares under the delegation of powers granted by the General Meeting and that the closing price of the Company's shares on the market is higher than 130% of the par value of the Company's shares for at least 60 consecutive trading days) consequently  the total amount of the subscriptions of OCEANE bonds by the Investor is not guaranteed in case of failure to meet the conditions imposed by the Financial Investor  the Company could thus be led to seek additional financing in the event that it no longer complies with the conditions imposed by the Financial Investor and in case of a new call on the market  this would result in additional dilution for the shareholders;: some of which are detailed above (including  in particular  the condition that the Company has a sufficient number of authorized shares under the delegation of powers granted by the General Meeting and that the closing price of the Company's shares on the market is higher than 130% of the par value of the Company's shares for at least 60 consecutive trading days) and in case of a new call on the market  this would result in additional dilution for the shareholders; Risk of volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares : the volatility and liquidity of SAFE's shares could fluctuate significantly;: the volatility and liquidity of SAFE's shares could fluctuate significantly; Risk relating to changes in the Company's share price : the sale of SAFE shares by holders of OCEANEs on the market could have a significantly unfavorable impact on the SAFE share price and the number of shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs could fluctuate significantly;: the sale of SAFE shares by holders of OCEANEs on the market could have a significantly and the number of shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs could fluctuate significantly; Risk of decrease in the nominal value of the shares: the significant issue of shares following the conversion of the OCEANE bonds is likely to have a downward impact on the Company's share price and in this context  the Company may have to make additional reductions in the nominal value of the shares; andthe significant issue of shares following the conversion of the OCEANE bonds is likely to have a downward impact on the Company's share price and in this context  the Company may have to make additional reductions in the nominal value of the shares; and Risk linked to the Complementary Commission: insofar as the amount of the Complementary Commission is not capped  if it were due and paid in cash  it could lead the Company to have to return to the Investor a substantial part of the financing granted   notwithstanding the commissions and commitment fees mentioned above. In case of payment of the Additional Fee in new shares  the number of shares to be issued by the Company could be significant and lead to a significant additional dilution of the existing shareholders. Company information: Registered office of the Company: Parc des Bellevues  Allée Rosa Luxemburg  Bâtiment le Californie - 95610 Eragny-sur-Oise (France) Information on the Company's capital : As of the date of this press release  the Company's share capital amounts to €47 148 and is composed of 471 480 shares with a par value of €0.10 each. Reminder of the dilutive financing operations carried out over the last 24 months: Bond financing of a total nominal amount of €8.4 million dated December 17  2020 : program of 24 OCEANE tranches subscribed by the Luxembourg investment fund European High Growth Opportunities Securitization Fund. The characteristics of the OCEANE bonds are described in the press releases of December 17 and 24  2020. The conversion of all 24 OCEANE tranches led to the issue of 26 601 266 new shares of the Company between December 24  2020 and September 22  2021.: program of 24 OCEANE tranches subscribed by the Luxembourg investment fund European High Growth Opportunities Securitization Fund. The characteristics of the OCEANE bonds are described in the press releases of December 17 and 24  2020. The conversion of all 24 OCEANE tranches led to the issue of 26 601 266 new shares of the Company between December 24  2020 and September 22  2021. Bond financing of a total nominal amount of 8 million euros on December 10  2021 : program of 20 OCEANE tranches subscribed by the Luxembourg investment fund European High Growth Opportunities Securitization Fund. The characteristics of the OCEANE bonds are described in the press release dated December 10  2021. The conversion of all 20 OCEANE tranches led to the issuance of 1 358 570 358 new shares of the Company between December 13  2021 and December 14  2022 (corresponding to 367 181 post-consolidation shares of the Company  as detailed below) and to the issuance of 88 984 additional shares between December 14  2022 and the date hereof. There are still 2 tranches of 80 OCEANE bonds (i.e. a total nominal amount of €0.8 million) to be subscribed for by the financial investor (subject to the applicable conditions) who also holds 240 OCEANE bonds as of the date hereof (i.e. a total nominal amount of €1.2 million). Reminder of transactions affecting the Company's share capital carried out over the past 24 months: Reverse share split by exchange of 1 new share with a par value of €37 per share for 3 700 old shares with a par value of €0.01 per share in January/February 2023: the characteristics of the reverse share split (as delegated by the General Meeting of Shareholders on December 16  2022) are detailed in the press releases dated January 12 and February 27  2023.the characteristics of the reverse share split (as delegated by the General Meeting of Shareholders on December 16  2022) are detailed in the press releases dated January 12 and February 27  2023. Reduction of the share capital by reduction of the par value per share of the Company on February 27  2023: the Board of Directors (upon delegation of the General Meeting of Shareholders dated December 16  2022) has decided to proceed with a reduction of the share capital by way of a reduction of the par value of the shares of the Company (the par value per share is thus reduced from 37 euros to 0.10 euros and the share capital to 38 249.60 euros). Financial position of the Company : The Company's financial position is summarized in the table below: Consolidated financial data at June 30  2022 Share capital €7 968 K Consolidated shareholders' equity at June 30  2022 - €1 982 K Revenues €2 745 K Consolidated net income - €3 901 K Net income per share (on a diluted basis) - €0 28 Loans and financial liabilities €10 580 K Treasury €220 K Impacts de l’opération en termes de gestion du risque de liquidité et d’horizon de financement La Société estime que les fonds pouvant résulter de l’émission des OCEANE le cas échéant  lui permettront d’assurer le financement de ses objectifs sur un horizon d’au moins 12 mois. Theoretical impact of the issuance of the OCEANEs (based on the closing price of the Company's share on March 13  2023  i.e. €2.05) To the extent that the Company's share price has an impact on the number of shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs  depending on changes in the Company's share price  the number of shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs could change significantly during the life of the financing program. For illustrative purposes  the impact of the issue of the OCEANE bonds would be as follows - Impact of the issue on the investment of a shareholder currently holding 1% of the Company's share capital (on the basis of the number of shares making up the Company's share capital as at March 13  2023  i.e. 471 480 shares) : Shareholder participation Non-diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Pre-issue 1 000% 1 000% After issue of 339 196 new shares resulting from the conversion of the first tranche of OCEANE bonds (including the first part of the commitment fee)(2) 0 582% 0 582% After issuance of 15 475 879 new shares resulting from the conversion of OCEANE bonds(2) 0 030% 0 030% After issue of 307 970 000 new shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANE bonds(3) 0 002% 0 002% (1) The diluted basis takes into account the exercise of all dilutive instruments existing to date  which could result in the creation of a maximum of 155 new shares. (2) Theoretical calculations based on the closing price of the Company's shares on March 13  2023  i.e. 2.05 euros  and a conversion price of the OCEANE bonds corresponding to 97% of this value  i.e. approximately 1.99 euros. This dilution is without prejudice to the final number of shares to be issued and their issue price  which will be determined on the basis of the market price  as described above. (3) Theoretical calculations based on the nominal value of the Company's shares  i.e. 0.10 euro.Impact de l'émission sur les capitaux propres par action (sur la base des capitaux propres au 30 juin 2022  soit -1 982 M€  et du nombre d’actions composant le capital de la Société au 13 mars 2023  soit 471.480 actions) :Share of equity as of June 30  2022 Non-diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Avant émission -4 204 € -4 204 € After issue of 339 196 new shares resulting from the conversion of the first tranche of OCEANE bonds (including the first part of the commitment fee)(2) -2 445 € -2 445 € After issuance of 15 475 879 new shares resulting from the conversion of OCEANE bonds(2) -0 124 € -0 124 € After issue of 307 970 000 new shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANE bonds(3) -0 006 € -0 006 € (1) The diluted basis takes into account the exercise of all dilutive instruments existing to date  which could result in the creation of a maximum of 155 new shares. (2) Theoretical calculations based on the closing price of the Company's shares on March 13  2023  i.e. 2.05 euros  and a conversion price of the OCEANE bonds corresponding to 97% of this value  i.e. approximately 1.99 euros. This dilution is without prejudice to the final number of shares to be issued and their issue price  which will be determined on the basis of the market price  as described above. (3) Theoretical calculations based on the nominal value of the Company's shares  i.e. 0.10 euro. DISCLAIMER Pursuant to Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  the issuance of the OCEANEs will not give rise to the publication of a prospectus subject to approval by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. This press release therefore does not constitute a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended  or an offer to the public. About Safe Group Safe Group is a French medical technology group that brings together Safe Orthopaedics  a pioneer in ready-to-use technologies for spine pathologies  and Safe Medical (formerly LCI Medical)  a medical device subcontractor for orthopaedic surgery. The group employs approximately 150 people. Safe Orthopaedics develops and manufactures kits combining sterile implants and single-use instruments  available at any time to the surgeon. These technologies are part of a minimally invasive approach aimed at reducing the risks of contamination and infection  in the interest of the patient and with a positive impact on hospitalization times and costs. Protected by 18 patent families  SteriSpineTM kits are CE marked and FDA approved. Safe Orthopaedics is headquartered in the Paris region (95610 Eragny-sur-Oise) and has subsidiaries in the United Kingdom  Germany  the United States  and the Lyon region (Fleurieux-sur-l'Arbresle). For more information: http://www.safeorthopaedics.com/ Safe Medical produces implantable medical devices and ready-to-use instruments. It has an innovation center and two production sites in France (Fleurieux-sur-l'Arbresle  69210) and in Tunisia  offering numerous industrial services: design  industrialization  machining  finishing and sterile packaging. Supported by the French stimulus plan in 2020  the company invests in additive printing and will be operational in 2022 on this new technology. For more information: http://www.safemedical.fr/ Contacts Safe Group François-Henri ReynaudChief Financial and Administrative OfficerTél. : +33 (0)1 34 21 50 00investors@safeorthopaedics.com 1 See below the conditions for the subscription of each Tranche.2 See below the main characteristics of the OCEANEs and the formula for calculating the Complementary Commission.3 It is specified that commitment fees will also be paid by the Company to the Financial Investor (see paragraph ""Commissions and Commitment Fees"" below).4 Events of default include  but are not limited to: - the failure by the Company to comply with its obligations to the Financial Investor not remedied for a period of 15 days from the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company becomes aware of the default and (ii) the date on which the Investor notifies the Company of such default;- the failure by the Company to deliver the shares due to the Financial Investor within 3 trading days following the date of conversion of the OCEANEs;- the failure of SAFE to pay (i) the purchase price of the OCEANEs that it is required to acquire as a result of its inability to issue the shares to be issued upon conversion of the OCEANEs  and (ii) any amount due to the Investor under the OCEANE issuance contract;- the delisting of the SAFE shares from Euronext Paris (regulated market or Euronext Growth organized market) or the suspension of their listing for a period of more than fifteen (15) trading days;- the refusal of the Company's statutory auditors to certify the Company's financial statements  which is not resolved within sixty (60) days of the request for certification;- a significant adverse change (as this term is contractually defined) or change of control (within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 1° and 2° of the French Commercial Code) of the Company has occurred;- the failure to pay  other than in good faith  any financial debt or guarantee of financial debt of SAFE in excess of 250 000 euros  or the failure of SAFE to comply with or perform any commitment it may have made in respect of such debts or guarantees  not disputed in good faith  which would result in their early payment;- the suspension or voluntary discontinuation by SAFE of all of its activities  or the sale of all of its assets  or the commencement of collective proceedings (ad hoc mandate  conciliation  safeguard proceedings  judicial recovery or judicial liquidation) of SAFE; and- the failure of SAFE to pay a sum in excess of 450 000 euros  in the context of a court order. Attachment Safe - Projet PR ABO vDefAll news about SAFE S.A. 03/14 Conclusion of a new bond financing agreement for a maximum nominal amount of 29.9 milli.. GL 02/27 Effective date of the reverse split and first listing of the new consolidated shares GL 02/27 Effective date of the reverse split and first listing of the new consolidated shares AQ 01/12 Safe announces the reverse stock split of 1 new share for 3 700 existing shares GL 01/12 Safe announces the reverse stock split of 1 new share for 3 700 existing shares AQ 01/11 Safe group announces consolidated annual sales of 5.9M  up 26% GL 01/11 Safe group announces consolidated annual sales of 5.9M  up 26% AQ 2022 Safe announces the convocation of an extraordinary general meeting of the Company to b.. GL 2022 Safe announces the convocation of an extraordinary general meeting of the Company to b.. GL 2022 New Partners Wenzel Spine and Safe group join Forces during NASS  National American Spi.. GL",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.1,0.67,True,English,"['new bond financing agreement', 'maximum nominal amount', '29.9 million euros', 'Conclusion', 'conditions', 'Global Corporate Finance Opportunities', 'new bond financing agreement', 'first dilutive financing transaction', 'multiple email addresses', '60 consecutive trading days1', 'investment service provider', 'dilutive financing operations', 'Maximum gross proceeds', 'Maximum net proceeds', 'strong downward pressure', 'Grand Cayman KY1', '59-tranche bond issue', 'maximum nominal amount', 'The Financial Investor', 'OCEANE Financial Investor', '29,900,000 euros financing program', 'maximum amount', 'strong dilution', 'Cayman Islands', 'financing line', 'first tranche', 'nominal value', '29.9 million euros', 'short notice', 'significant decrease', 'general meeting', 'closing price', 'Complementary Commission', 'substantial part', 'growth plan', 'back surgery', 'spinal fractures', 'registered office', 'PO Box', '67 Fort Street', 'Artemis House', 'main characteristics', 'potential fund', '29 million euros', 'OCEANE bonds', 'First name', 'large number', 'sufficient number', 'The Company', 'share price', 'press release', 'working capital', 'several conditions', 'specific conditions', 'authorized shares', 'existing shares', 'SAFE SA', 'market capitalization', 'Issuance Contract', '600,000 euros', 'Conclusion', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'conversion', 'exercise', 'instruments', 'shareholder', 'securities', 'loss', 'Investors', 'drawing', 'Tranches', 'delegation', 'note', 'risks', 'type', 'cash', 'satisfaction', 'drawdown', 'Oise', 'Fleurieux', 'Arbresle', 'March', 'CET', 'ALSAF', 'design', 'manufacture', 'marketing', 'technologies', 'emergency', '59 months', 'warrants', 'access', 'total', 'signature', 'issuer', 'business', 'deduction', 'expenses', '3 Period', 'years', 'case', 'suspension', 'will', 'acceleration', 'Conditionality', 'Objectives', 'purpose', 'implementation', 'subscription', '8:00']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20519,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/14/2627156/0/en/Conclusion-of-a-new-bond-financing-agreement-for-a-maximum-nominal-amount-of-29-9-million-euros-subject-to-conditions.html,Conclusion of a new bond financing agreement for a maximum nominal amount of 29.9 million euros subject to conditions,Éragny-sur-Oise  Fleurieux-sur-l'Arbresle  March 14  2023 at 8:00 p.m. CET - Safe (ALSAF)  a company specializing in the design  manufacture and marketing of ready-to-use technologies for back surgery  particularly safe for spinal fractures treated in emergen…,"English FrenchDISCLAIMERSAFE has set up this financing through OCEANE bonds with the Financial Investor who  after receiving the shares resulting from the conversion or exercise of these instruments  does not intend to remain a shareholder of the Company.The shares  resulting from the conversion or exercise of the above-mentioned securities  could be sold in the market at very short notice  which could create a strong downward pressure on the share price .Shareholders could suffer a loss of their invested capital due to a significant decrease in the value of the Company's share  as well as a strong dilution due to the large number of securities issued to the Financial Investor.Investors are invited to be particularly vigilant before deciding to invest in the securities of SAFE   which carries out such dilutive financing operations  particularly when they are carried out successively.The Company reminds you that this is not the first dilutive financing transaction that it has implemented.The drawing of each of the Tranches is subject to several conditions that the Company must respect (including  in particular  the condition that the Company has a sufficient number of authorized shares under the delegation of the general meeting and that the closing price of the Company's shares on the market is higher than 130% of the nominal value of the Company's shares for at least 60 consecutive trading days1 ) otherwise the Financial Investor may interrupt the program.Investors are invited to take note of the risks associated with this type of transaction   as mentioned in this press release. Among these risks  it is reminded that insofar as the amount of the Complementary Commission 2is not capped  if it were due and paid in cash  it could lead the Company to have to return to the Investor a substantial part of the financing granted.Conclusion of a new bond financing agreement for a maximum nominal amount of 29.9 million euros subject to conditions59-tranche bond issue  relating to the financing of working capital and the growth plan  subject to the satisfaction at each drawdown of certain specific conditions detailed in this release.Éragny-sur-Oise  Fleurieux-sur-l'Arbresle  March 14  2023 at 8:00 p.m. CET - Safe (ALSAF)  a company specializing in the design  manufacture and marketing of ready-to-use technologies for back surgery  particularly safe for spinal fractures treated in emergency (the ""Company"") announces 29 900 000 euros financing program over 59 months  through the issue of warrants giving access to bonds convertible or exchangeable for new and/or existing shares (the ""OCEANE"").This bond issue is composed of 4 tranches of 600 000 euros in nominal value each and 55 tranches 500 000 each (a ""Tranche"" or ""Tranches"")  consisting in total of 29 900 OCEANE bonds with a nominal value of Global Corporate Finance Opportunities 20 (the ""Financial Investor"") has undertaken to subscribe for a first tranche of 600 OCEANE bonds (the ""First Tranche"") upon signature of the contract for the issuance of the OCEANE bonds (the ""Issuance Contract"").Name of issuer: SAFE SA (FR001400F1V2 - ALSAF)Type of financing: OCEANEFinancial Investor: Global Corporate Finance Opportunities 20  a company whose registered office is located at PO Box 2775  67 Fort Street  Artemis House  Grand Cayman KY1-1111  Cayman Islands and registered under number CR-395537 (the ""Financial Investor""). The Financial Investor is not an investment service provider and is not licensed or otherwise authorized to conduct its business  which is not regulated.Maximum gross proceeds of the issue of the OCEANE bonds (assuming the issue of all the 29 900 OCEANE bonds issued under the 59 tranches and after deduction of the expenses linked to this issue): € 29 900 000Maximum net proceeds of the issue of the OCEANE bonds (assuming the issue of all the 29 900 OCEANE bonds issued under the 59 tranches and after deduction of the expenses connected with this issue): € 28 993 000 3Period: 4 tranches of €600 000 nominal value each and 55 tranches of €500 000 nominal value each  i.e. a total of 59 tranches spread over 59 months (5 years)  except in case of suspension of the program at the will of the Company or acceleration of the Tranches at the will of the Financial Investor (see the main characteristics of the warrants below).Conditionality: see below the conditions that the Company will have to respect when drawing down each of the Tranches.Objectives of the financing program:It is reminded that the market capitalization of the Company is approximately 1 million and that the purpose of the implementation of this financing line through the issuance of OCEANE bonds  allowing for a potential fund raising of a maximum amount of 29 million euros through the subscription of 29 900 OCEANE bonds  is to allow the Safe group to finance its working capital requirements and its growth plan  which concerns in particular:the structural changes to be made within the Group with a view to achieving financial equilibrium as quickly as possible : since the transformation of Safe Medical and the internalized production of Safe Orthopaedics products (Q4 2022)  the Group has been working on reducing OPEX and improving its working capital;: since the transformation of Safe Medical and the internalized production of Safe Orthopaedics products (Q4 2022)  the Group has been working on reducing OPEX and improving its working capital; organic commercial growth : the Group is developing a strategy of direct sales in France  Germany and the United States  and of distribution in the rest of the world  which requires regular investment and the financing of a dedicated sales force in all these regions; and: the Group is developing a strategy of direct sales in France  Germany and the United States  and of distribution in the rest of the world  which requires regular investment and the financing of a dedicated sales force in all these regions; and external growth: the Group remains attentive to any opportunity that would enable it to deploy its technological and commercial model internationally and wishes to be able to finance this type of opportunity with its own funds.Terms and legal framework of the issueThe Company's Extraordinary General Meeting held on December 16  2022  ruling in accordance with the provisions of article L.225-138 of the French Commercial Code  granted the Board of Directors  in its third resolution  a delegation of authority to issue financial securities and/or securities giving access  immediately or in the future  to a portion of the share capital  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription right in favor of categories of persons.At its meeting of March 10  2023  the Board of Directors of the Company  using the delegation of powers and authorizations granted under the third resolution of the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of December 16  2022  decided to sign the Issuance Agreement and to issue warrants giving access to the OCEANE bonds  representing a maximum nominal amount of 29.9 million euros.29.9 million. At the same meeting  the Board of Directors of the Company issued the First Tranche following the exercise of 600 Warrants by the Financial Investor  leading to the issuance of 600 OCEANE bonds subscribed for by the Investor and 75 OCEANE bonds as payment of the commitment fee provided for in the Issuance Agreement3.As of the date of this press release  no OCEANE bonds have been converted by the Financial Investor under the First Tranche.The main characteristics of the Warrants  the OCEANEs and the Warrants are described below:Main characteristics of the WarrantsThe OCEANE tranches will be issued upon exercise of warrants issued free of charge (the ""Warrants"").The Warrants will not be listed or admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth market in Paris or on any other financial market.The Issue Warrants will be freely transferable to any other fund or company controlling or controlled by the Financial Investor but may only be transferred to a third party with the prior consent of the Company.The Warrants shall oblige the holder  upon request of the Company (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions detailed below) or upon option of the Financial Investor (subject to the suspension of the program by the Company)  to subscribe for a tranche of OCEANEs  on the basis of one OCEANE per Warrant.It is expected that each of the 59 tranches will be drawn down automatically at the end of a period of 20 trading days from the drawdown of the previous tranche (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions detailed below).It is specified that the Company controls the rhythm of the financial support offered by the Financial Investor  since it may at any time  subject to a notice period of 15 trading days  suspend (and then resume  as the case may be) the drawings (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions detailed below).It is also specified that the Financial Investor will have the possibility  at its sole initiative  to request the drawing of new Tranches on an accelerated basis during the financing program (unless the Company has suspended the program in accordance with the procedure described above).As an exception  in the event that the total average daily traded value over the last 20 trading days preceding the drawdown of a Tranche (reduced by 10% of outliers) is less than 45 000 euros  the Financial Investor will have the right to reduce the amount of the Tranche by 50% at its discretion.29 900 Warrants will be issued to the Financial Investor on the basis of the third (3rd) resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of the Company of December 16  2022.Main conditions to the subscription of each tranche of OCEANE by the Financial Investor :No material adverse change has occurred;No firm commitment constituting a change of control of the Company has been entered into;No authority (including the AMF) has opposed or is opposed to the issuance of the OCEANEs (or their conversion);No Event of Default 4exists as of the date of the drawdown;The Company's shares are still listed and the listing of the Company's shares has not been suspended (and there is no identified risk of such a suspension);The Company has a sufficient number of authorized shares to service the conversions of the OCEANE bonds to be issued in connection with the drawdown (and  if applicable  of the OCEANE bonds still outstanding)  i.e.  at least a number of shares corresponding to at least 150% of the nominal amount of such bond divided by the volume-weighted average closing price of SAFE shares on the day of the drawdown.The closing price of the SAFE shares on Euronext Growth Paris must have been higher than one hundred and thirty percent (130%) of the nominal value of the SAFE shares for at least sixty (60) consecutive trading days prior to the date on which the drawdown request is sent (or  if this was not the case  the share capital of the Company was reduced during this period by means of a reduction in the nominal value of the SAFE shares). It is specified that the Financial Investor will be able to choose to subscribe to a tranche even if the Company does not comply with all of the foregoing conditions.Main characteristics of the OCEANE bondsThe nominal value per unit of the OCEANE bonds is equal to 1 000 euros. Each OCEANE will be subscribed for at a subscription price equal to 97% of its nominal value per unit.The OCEANE bonds are freely transferable or assignable by the Investor.The OCEANEs will not be listed or admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth market in Paris or on any other financial market.In accordance with Article L. 225-132 of the French Commercial Code  the issuance of the Warrants and the issuance of the new shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs will be carried out without preferential subscription rights.Each OCEANE will mature twelve (12) months after its issuance (the ""Maturity""). In the event of non-conversion of an OCEANE before Maturity  the OCEANE will be automatically converted into shares of the Company on that date.The OCEANEs do not bear interest. However  in the event of an event of default  the outstanding OCEANEs will be redeemed to the Investor at 120% of their nominal value.The OCEANEs may be converted into new ordinary shares (or exchanged for existing shares) at the request of the holder  at any time from the date of their issuance up to and including Maturity  or in the event of default in the redemption of the OCEANEs at Maturity  in accordance with the conversion ratio determined by the following formulaN = Vn / P""N"" is the number of shares resulting from the conversion of an OCEANE attributable to the OCEANE holder ""Vn"" is the nominal value of one OCEANE  i.e. 1 000 euros ""P"" is the ""Conversion Price"" of one OCEANE will be equal to the higher of:(i) 97% of the lowest of the volume-weighted average closing prices of the share (as published by Bloomberg) during a period of ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the notification of a conversion notice (the ""Conversion Date"") by the holder (rounded down to the second decimal place) (the ""Theoretical Conversion Price"")(ii) the par value of the Company's share  and(iii) 80% of the volume-weighted average share price over a period of ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the Conversion Date  in accordance with the third resolution of the extraordinary general meeting of the Company dated December 16  2022.In any event  ""P"" may not be less than the nominal value of the share on the Conversion Date of the relevant OCEANE(s). In the event that ""P"" is less than the nominal value of a SAFE share  the Company has undertaken to pay the Investor an additional fee corresponding to the amount of the claim on the Company resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs of the said Tranche at the nominal value of the SAFE share when the calculated Theoretical Conversion Price is lower than the Conversion Price (the ""Additional Fee"")  the amount of which will be calculated in accordance with the formula below :(A/B – A/C) x D x (C/E)where:""A"" corresponds to the nominal amount of the OCEANEs which are the subject of the conversion notice;""B"" is the Theoretical Conversion Price;""C"" is the nominal value of one SAFE share;""D"" is the closing price of the SAFE share on the date of receipt by the Company of the relevant conversion notice;""E"" is the lowest price of SAFE shares between the Conversion Date and the date of payment of the Additional Fee.In addition  in this context  the Company undertakes (i) not to draw any tranches if the Company's share price were to fall below or equal to its nominal value (€0.10) and (ii) to convene a general meeting of shareholders in order to reduce its share capital by reducing the nominal value of the shares in order to avoid paying the Additional Fee.Indeed  if these undertakings were not respected  the amount of the Additional Commission could be substantial and make the above-mentioned bond financing very costly and unattractive for the Company.Commissions and commitment feesIn remuneration of the commitment of the Investor to subscribe for the tranches of OCEANE bonds issued in the framework of the financing  the Company will pay to the Investor a commitment fee equal to 3% of the maximum nominal amount of the financing  i.e. a total fee of 897 000. This fee will be paid (i) in four (4) instalments  for an amount of 75 000 Euro each time  by the issuance of 75 additional OCEANE bonds at the time of the drawing of the first  second  third and fourth Tranche of OCEANE bonds  (ii) in thirty-nine (39) instalments  for an amount of 15. 15 000 each time  through the issuance of 15 additional OCEANE bonds at the time of the drawdown of Tranches 20 to 58 and (iii) on one last occasion for an amount of 12 000 euros  through the issuance of 12 additional OCEANE bonds at the time of the drawdown of the last Tranche (Tranche 59).Moreover  each OCEANE being subscribed for at a subscription price equal to 97% of its unit nominal value  in case of exercise of all the OCEANEs  the Investor will have benefited from a reduction of the subscription price for a total amount ofNew shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEsThe new shares issued  as the case may be  upon conversion of the OCEANEs will carry current dividend rights. They will have the same rights as those attached to the existing ordinary shares of the Company and will be listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris on the same quotation line (FR001400F1V2 - ALSAF).The Company will maintain on its website ( www.safeorthopaedics.com ) (section Investor > Documentation) a table showing the number of OCEANE bonds and shares outstanding.Main risks associated with the CompanyThe main risks associated with the Company and its sector of activity have been presented in the annual financial report for the year ended December 31  2021 and the half-yearly financial report for the six months ended June 30  2022 available on Safe's website (www.safeorthopaedics.com/investisseurs/documentation/).The main risk factors relating to the new shares issued upon conversion of the OCEANE bonds are set out below:Risk of dilution of the Company's shareholders : in the event of the issuance of new shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs  the shareholders will see their stake in the share capital of SAFE diluted;Risk in the event of non-completion of all the tranches : the drawing of the tranches and the related financing is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions  some of which are detailed above (including  in particular  the condition that the Company has a sufficient number of authorized shares under the delegation of powers granted by the General Meeting and that the closing price of the Company's shares on the market is higher than 130% of the par value of the Company's shares for at least 60 consecutive trading days) consequently  the total amount of the subscriptions of OCEANE bonds by the Investor is not guaranteed in case of failure to meet the conditions imposed by the Financial Investor  the Company could thus be led to seek additional financing in the event that it no longer complies with the conditions imposed by the Financial Investor and in case of a new call on the market  this would result in additional dilution for the shareholders;: some of which are detailed above (including  in particular  the condition that the Company has a sufficient number of authorized shares under the delegation of powers granted by the General Meeting and that the closing price of the Company's shares on the market is higher than 130% of the par value of the Company's shares for at least 60 consecutive trading days) and in case of a new call on the market  this would result in additional dilution for the shareholders; Risk of volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares : the volatility and liquidity of SAFE's shares could fluctuate significantly;: the volatility and liquidity of SAFE's shares could fluctuate significantly; Risk relating to changes in the Company's share price : the sale of SAFE shares by holders of OCEANEs on the market could have a significantly unfavorable impact on the SAFE share price and the number of shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs could fluctuate significantly;: the sale of SAFE shares by holders of OCEANEs on the market could have a significantly and the number of shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs could fluctuate significantly; Risk of decrease in the nominal value of the shares: the significant issue of shares following the conversion of the OCEANE bonds is likely to have a downward impact on the Company's share price and in this context  the Company may have to make additional reductions in the nominal value of the shares; andthe significant issue of shares following the conversion of the OCEANE bonds is likely to have a downward impact on the Company's share price and in this context  the Company may have to make additional reductions in the nominal value of the shares; and Risk linked to the Complementary Commission: insofar as the amount of the Complementary Commission is not capped  if it were due and paid in cash  it could lead the Company to have to return to the Investor a substantial part of the financing granted   notwithstanding the commissions and commitment fees mentioned above. In case of payment of the Additional Fee in new shares  the number of shares to be issued by the Company could be significant and lead to a significant additional dilution of the existing shareholders.Company information:Registered office of the Company: Parc des Bellevues  Allée Rosa Luxemburg  Bâtiment le Californie - 95610 Eragny-sur-Oise (France)Information on the Company's capital :As of the date of this press release  the Company's share capital amounts to €47 148 and is composed of 471 480 shares with a par value of €0.10 each.Reminder of the dilutive financing operations carried out over the last 24 months:Bond financing of a total nominal amount of €8.4 million dated December 17  2020 : program of 24 OCEANE tranches subscribed by the Luxembourg investment fund European High Growth Opportunities Securitization Fund. The characteristics of the OCEANE bonds are described in the press releases of December 17 and 24  2020. The conversion of all 24 OCEANE tranches led to the issue of 26 601 266 new shares of the Company between December 24  2020 and September 22  2021.: program of 24 OCEANE tranches subscribed by the Luxembourg investment fund European High Growth Opportunities Securitization Fund. The characteristics of the OCEANE bonds are described in the press releases of December 17 and 24  2020. The conversion of all 24 OCEANE tranches led to the issue of 26 601 266 new shares of the Company between December 24  2020 and September 22  2021. Bond financing of a total nominal amount of 8 million euros on December 10  2021 : program of 20 OCEANE tranches subscribed by the Luxembourg investment fund European High Growth Opportunities Securitization Fund. The characteristics of the OCEANE bonds are described in the press release dated December 10  2021. The conversion of all 20 OCEANE tranches led to the issuance of 1 358 570 358 new shares of the Company between December 13  2021 and December 14  2022 (corresponding to 367 181 post-consolidation shares of the Company  as detailed below) and to the issuance of 88 984 additional shares between December 14  2022 and the date hereof. There are still 2 tranches of 80 OCEANE bonds (i.e. a total nominal amount of €0.8 million) to be subscribed for by the financial investor (subject to the applicable conditions) who also holds 240 OCEANE bonds as of the date hereof (i.e. a total nominal amount of €1.2 million).Reminder of transactions affecting the Company's share capital carried out over the past 24 months:Reverse share split by exchange of 1 new share with a par value of €37 per share for 3 700 old shares with a par value of €0.01 per share in January/February 2023: the characteristics of the reverse share split (as delegated by the General Meeting of Shareholders on December 16  2022) are detailed in the press releases dated January 12 and February 27  2023.the characteristics of the reverse share split (as delegated by the General Meeting of Shareholders on December 16  2022) are detailed in the press releases dated January 12 and February 27  2023. Reduction of the share capital by reduction of the par value per share of the Company on February 27  2023: the Board of Directors (upon delegation of the General Meeting of Shareholders dated December 16  2022) has decided to proceed with a reduction of the share capital by way of a reduction of the par value of the shares of the Company (the par value per share is thus reduced from 37 euros to 0.10 euros and the share capital to 38 249.60 euros).Financial position of the Company :The Company's financial position is summarized in the table below:Consolidated financial data at June 30  2022 Share capital €7 968 K Consolidated shareholders' equity at June 30  2022 - €1 982 K Revenues €2 745 K Consolidated net income - €3 901 K Net income per share (on a diluted basis) - €0 28 Loans and financial liabilities €10 580 K Treasury €220 KImpacts de l’opération en termes de gestion du risque de liquidité et d’horizon de financementLa Société estime que les fonds pouvant résulter de l’émission des OCEANE le cas échéant  lui permettront d’assurer le financement de ses objectifs sur un horizon d’au moins 12 mois.Theoretical impact of the issuance of the OCEANEs (based on the closing price of the Company's share on March 13  2023  i.e. €2.05)To the extent that the Company's share price has an impact on the number of shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs  depending on changes in the Company's share price  the number of shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANEs could change significantly during the life of the financing program.For illustrative purposes  the impact of the issue of the OCEANE bonds would be as follows- Impact of the issue on the investment of a shareholder currently holding 1% of the Company's share capital (on the basis of the number of shares making up the Company's share capital as at March 13  2023  i.e. 471 480 shares) :Shareholder participation Non-diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Pre-issue 1 000% 1 000% After issue of 339 196 new shares resulting from the conversion of the first tranche of OCEANE bonds (including the first part of the commitment fee)(2) 0 582% 0 582% After issuance of 15 475 879 new shares resulting from the conversion of OCEANE bonds(2) 0 030% 0 030% After issue of 307 970 000 new shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANE bonds(3) 0 002% 0 002%(1) The diluted basis takes into account the exercise of all dilutive instruments existing to date  which could result in the creation of a maximum of 155 new shares.(2) Theoretical calculations based on the closing price of the Company's shares on March 13  2023  i.e. 2.05 euros  and a conversion price of the OCEANE bonds corresponding to 97% of this value  i.e. approximately 1.99 euros. This dilution is without prejudice to the final number of shares to be issued and their issue price  which will be determined on the basis of the market price  as described above.(3) Theoretical calculations based on the nominal value of the Company's shares  i.e. 0.10 euro.Impact de l'émission sur les capitaux propres par action (sur la base des capitaux propres au 30 juin 2022  soit -1 982 M€  et du nombre d’actions composant le capital de la Société au 13 mars 2023  soit 471.480 actions) :Share of equity as of June 30  2022 Non-diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Avant émission -4 204 € -4 204 € After issue of 339 196 new shares resulting from the conversion of the first tranche of OCEANE bonds (including the first part of the commitment fee)(2) -2 445 € -2 445 € After issuance of 15 475 879 new shares resulting from the conversion of OCEANE bonds(2) -0 124 € -0 124 € After issue of 307 970 000 new shares resulting from the conversion of the OCEANE bonds(3) -0 006 € -0 006 €(1) The diluted basis takes into account the exercise of all dilutive instruments existing to date  which could result in the creation of a maximum of 155 new shares.(2) Theoretical calculations based on the closing price of the Company's shares on March 13  2023  i.e. 2.05 euros  and a conversion price of the OCEANE bonds corresponding to 97% of this value  i.e. approximately 1.99 euros. This dilution is without prejudice to the final number of shares to be issued and their issue price  which will be determined on the basis of the market price  as described above.(3) Theoretical calculations based on the nominal value of the Company's shares  i.e. 0.10 euro.DISCLAIMERPursuant to Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  the issuance of the OCEANEs will not give rise to the publication of a prospectus subject to approval by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.This press release therefore does not constitute a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended  or an offer to the public.About Safe GroupSafe Group is a French medical technology group that brings together Safe Orthopaedics  a pioneer in ready-to-use technologies for spine pathologies  and Safe Medical (formerly LCI Medical)  a medical device subcontractor for orthopaedic surgery. The group employs approximately 150 people.Safe Orthopaedics develops and manufactures kits combining sterile implants and single-use instruments  available at any time to the surgeon. These technologies are part of a minimally invasive approach aimed at reducing the risks of contamination and infection  in the interest of the patient and with a positive impact on hospitalization times and costs. Protected by 18 patent families  SteriSpineTM kits are CE marked and FDA approved. Safe Orthopaedics is headquartered in the Paris region (95610 Eragny-sur-Oise) and has subsidiaries in the United Kingdom  Germany  the United States  and the Lyon region (Fleurieux-sur-l'Arbresle).For more information: http://www.safeorthopaedics.com/Safe Medical produces implantable medical devices and ready-to-use instruments. It has an innovation center and two production sites in France (Fleurieux-sur-l'Arbresle  69210) and in Tunisia  offering numerous industrial services: design  industrialization  machining  finishing and sterile packaging. Supported by the French stimulus plan in 2020  the company invests in additive printing and will be operational in 2022 on this new technology.For more information: http://www.safemedical.fr/ContactsSafe GroupFrançois-Henri ReynaudChief Financial and Administrative OfficerTél. : +33 (0)1 34 21 50 00investors@safeorthopaedics.com1 See below the conditions for the subscription of each Tranche.2 See below the main characteristics of the OCEANEs and the formula for calculating the Complementary Commission.3 It is specified that commitment fees will also be paid by the Company to the Financial Investor (see paragraph ""Commissions and Commitment Fees"" below).4 Events of default include  but are not limited to:- the failure by the Company to comply with its obligations to the Financial Investor not remedied for a period of 15 days from the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company becomes aware of the default and (ii) the date on which the Investor notifies the Company of such default;- the failure by the Company to deliver the shares due to the Financial Investor within 3 trading days following the date of conversion of the OCEANEs;- the failure of SAFE to pay (i) the purchase price of the OCEANEs that it is required to acquire as a result of its inability to issue the shares to be issued upon conversion of the OCEANEs  and (ii) any amount due to the Investor under the OCEANE issuance contract;- the delisting of the SAFE shares from Euronext Paris (regulated market or Euronext Growth organized market) or the suspension of their listing for a period of more than fifteen (15) trading days;- the refusal of the Company's statutory auditors to certify the Company's financial statements  which is not resolved within sixty (60) days of the request for certification;- a significant adverse change (as this term is contractually defined) or change of control (within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 1° and 2° of the French Commercial Code) of the Company has occurred;- the failure to pay  other than in good faith  any financial debt or guarantee of financial debt of SAFE in excess of 250 000 euros  or the failure of SAFE to comply with or perform any commitment it may have made in respect of such debts or guarantees  not disputed in good faith  which would result in their early payment;- the suspension or voluntary discontinuation by SAFE of all of its activities  or the sale of all of its assets  or the commencement of collective proceedings (ad hoc mandate  conciliation  safeguard proceedings  judicial recovery or judicial liquidation) of SAFE; and- the failure of SAFE to pay a sum in excess of 450 000 euros  in the context of a court order.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.07,0.74,True,English,"['new bond financing agreement', 'maximum nominal amount', '29.9 million euros', 'Conclusion', 'conditions', 'Global Corporate Finance Opportunities', 'new bond financing agreement', 'first dilutive financing transaction', '60 consecutive trading days1', 'investment service provider', 'potential fund raising', 'Maximum gross proceeds', 'Maximum net proceeds', 'dilutive financing operations', 'strong downward pressure', 'Grand Cayman KY1', 'working capital requirements', '59-tranche bond issue', 'maximum nominal amount', 'The Financial Investor', 'OCEANE Financial Investor', '29,900,000 euros financing program', 'maximum amount', 'strong dilution', 'Cayman Islands', 'first tranche', 'financial equilibrium', 'financing line', 'English French', 'short notice', 'significant decrease', 'general meeting', 'closing price', 'nominal value', 'Complementary Commission', 'substantial part', '29.9 million euros', 'growth plan', 'back surgery', 'spinal fractures', 'registered office', 'PO Box', '67 Fort Street', 'Artemis House', 'main characteristics', '29 million euros', 'structural changes', 'OCEANE bonds', 'large number', 'sufficient number', 'The Company', 'share price', 'several conditions', 'press release', 'specific conditions', 'SAFE SA', 'authorized shares', 'existing shares', 'market capitalization', 'Safe group', 'Issuance Contract', '600,000 euros', 'DISCLAIMER', 'conversion', 'exercise', 'instruments', 'shareholder', 'securities', 'loss', 'Investors', 'drawing', 'Tranches', 'delegation', 'note', 'risks', 'type', 'cash', 'Conclusion', 'satisfaction', 'drawdown', 'Éragny', 'Oise', 'Fleurieux', 'Arbresle', 'March', 'CET', 'ALSAF', 'design', 'manufacture', 'marketing', 'technologies', 'emergency', '59 months', 'warrants', 'access', 'total', 'signature', 'Name', 'issuer', 'business', 'deduction', 'expenses', 'Period', 'case', 'suspension', 'will', 'acceleration', 'Conditionality', 'Objectives', 'purpose', 'implementation', 'subscription', 'view', '8:00']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,globenewswire.com
20520,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Provides-Update-on-Recruitment-for-KALAHARI-Phase-2-Part-B-Trial-of-Novel-PKal-Inhibitor-TH-43244114/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Oxurion Provides Update on Recruitment for KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B Trial of Novel PKal Inhibitor THR-149 in Diabetic Macular Edema and Announces Board Changes,(marketscreener.com) Oxurion Provides Update on Recruitment for KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B Trial of Novel PKal Inhibitor THR-149 in Diabetic Macular Edemaand Announces Board Changes Trial has now enrolled more than two-thirds of total subjectsBuilds upon Interi…,Oxurion Provides Update on Recruitment for KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B Trial of Novel PKal Inhibitor THR-149 in Diabetic Macular Edemaand Announces Board ChangesTrial has now enrolled more than two-thirds of total subjectsBuilds upon Interim Analysis Outcome in DecemberTop-line Data Anticipated in Q4 2023Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – March 14  2023 – 9:00 pm CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  announced today that it has enrolled more than two-thirds of the planned total enrollment in its KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B clinical trial (KALAHARI trial). The KALAHARI trial is evaluating Oxurion’s novel plasma kallikrein (PKal) inhibitor THR-149 as a potential treatment for patients with diabetic macular edema (DME) who respond suboptimally to anti-VEGF therapy  the current standard of care.Oxurion’s investigators have successfully recruited 80 of the 108 (74%) patients planned for this trial  for which Oxurion anticipates reporting top-line data in the fourth quarter of 2023. This milestone builds on the recommendation from an Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) in December 2022 that the KALAHARI trial should continue based upon the outcome of a pre-specified futility analysis that included an evaluation of interim efficacy and safety data from 31 patients at the three-month time point.“We are very pleased with the pace of enrollment in the KALAHARI trial and appreciate the continued support of our investigators worldwide ” said Andy De Deene  MD  MBA  Chief Development Officer of Oxurion. “The outcome of this trial  which is evaluating THR-149 for the treatment of DME against the current standard of care  aflibercept  could  if positive  provide an important alternative for the up to 50% of patients with DME who respond suboptimally to current anti-VEGF therapies. We look forward to sharing the top-line results of the trial later this year.”Board UpdatesOxurion also announced today that as a part of a planned transition  Dr. David Guyer and Dr. Adrienne Graves have resigned from the Company’s Board of Directors due to their other commitments  and will be replaced by Dr. Anat Loewenstein and Ms. Nathalie Laarakker.Tom Graney  CFA  CEO of Oxurion  said  “We appreciate David and Adrienne’s contributions to Oxurion’s progress over the time they have served on the Board. While we regret that their professional responsibilities prevent their continued involvement  the Company and its programs have gained significantly from their insights and perspectives over the decade that they dedicated their time and expertise to our efforts to provide better treatment options for patients with retinal vascular diseases.”Dr. Guyer stressed  “I’ve been so impressed by the dedication of the Oxurion team to advancing scientific innovations that could meaningfully improve therapeutic alternatives for millions of patients who suffer from DME and who respond suboptimally to current therapies.” Dr. Graves added  “Themarket Oxurion is planning to address with THR-149 is greatly in need of the innovation that Oxurion is pursuing  and I’m grateful I had the opportunity to contribute to the company’s progress.”Oxurion is delighted that Dr. Anat Loewenstein  Director of the Department of Ophthalmology at the Tel Aviv Medical Center  and Nathalie Laarakker  Chief Financial Officer at Intravacc B.V. in the Netherlands  have agreed to be co-opted as independent directors.Dr. Loewenstein is a world leading retina specialist  and is the General Secretary of Euretina  President of the Israeli Ophthalmological Society  Sidney Fox Chair of Ophthalmology at Tel Aviv University  and Chairman of Ophthalmology at Sourasky Medical Center. She has also received numerous accolades for her cutting-edge work in retinal and macular disease  including Ophthalmology Power list: Top 100  Michelson Award of the Macula Society  the Rosenthal Award and the Macula Society’s Arnall Patz Medal for outstanding contribution in studies of retinal and macular diseases.In addition to her experience as a CFO  Ms. Laarakker is a certified public accountant with more than 25 years of experience under IFRS  Dutch/US GAAP  and Sarbanes-Oxley in the Netherlands and the United States. In addition to her CPA from Royal NBA  Amsterdam  her education includes undergraduate and graduate degrees in auditing from the University of Amsterdam.Mr. Graney said  “We are thrilled that Dr. Loewenstein and Ms. Laarakker have agreed to join the Oxurion board at this important time as we push towards completion of the KALAHARI trial for THR-149. We are confident that Dr. Loewenstein’s deep and intricate knowledge of retinal and macular diseases  combined with Ms. Laarakker’s financial and accounting acumen  will be invaluable as we complete the KALAHARI trial and beyond.”The co-optation is subject to ratification by the Company’s Annual General Shareholders Meeting on May 2  2023.Diabetic Macular Edema (DME)Approximately 22 million people worldwide have DME currently  with prevalence increasing due to the growing global diabetic epidemic. DME is the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  and the market for treatments is currently estimated at +$5 billion.People who suffer from DME have leaking vessels in the back of the eye  leading to a thickening of the retina that causes vision problems such as blurriness in the center of vision  the appearance of dark spots or patches in the field of vision  and colors to look dull. These symptoms may affect the ability to read  write  drive and recognize faces – presenting a significant patient and caregiver burden.About THR-149THR-149 is a bicyclic peptide that selectively inhibits human plasma kallikrein (PKal) with an inhibition constant of 0.22 nM. Through the inhibition of the kallikrein-kinin system (KKS)  THR-149 prevents the induction of retinal vascular permeability  neurodegeneration  and inflammation. THR-149 is currently being evaluated in the KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B clinical trial as a potential treatment for patients who respond suboptimally to anti-VEGF standard of care for treatment of DME.KALAHARI Phase 2  Part BThe Phase 2 KALAHARI trial is a two-part  randomized  prospective  multi-center trial assessing multiple (3) injections of THR-149 in DME patients. Part B is double-masked and actively controlled  with the high dose of THR-149 having been selected from Part A of the trial. Part B of the trial isenrolling 108 patients who have previously shown a suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy  and where THR-149 is being evaluated against aflibercept  the current standard of care  as the active comparator.KALAHARI Phase 2  Part APart A of the KALAHARI trial demonstrated that all dose levels of THR-149 had a favorable safety profile. All adverse events in the study eye were mild to moderate in intensity and no severe ocular adverse events were reported and no inflammation observed. High-level data from Part A of the KALAHARI trial was first presented in October 2021  which demonstrated that the eight patients who received the highest dose of THR-149 achieved a mean BCVA gain of 6.1 letters at Month 3  the primary endpoint.A post-hoc analysis was performed by the masked central reading center in February 2022 based on an OCT (Optical Coherence Tomography) biomarker assessment. The analysis identified two subjects with abnormalities at baseline  which could impact responsiveness to any medical treatment. Excluding these two subjects resulted in an improvement in mean BCVA of 9.3 letters at Month 3  which was sustained until Month 6  the end of the trial and four months after the last THR-149 injection. The Month 6 data also demonstrated THR-149’s attractive safety profile and its ability to stabilize the Central Subfield Thickness (CST). The learnings from the Part A data were incorporated into Part B through an amended trial design excluding patients that would not respond to any treatment. More information can be found here: NCT04527107About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.77,0.12,0.11,True,English,"['Novel PKal Inhibitor THR', 'Part B Trial', 'Diabetic Macular Edema', 'KALAHARI Phase', 'Board Changes', 'Oxurion', 'Update', 'novel plasma kallikrein (PKal) inhibitor', 'world leading retina specialist', 'Novel PKal Inhibitor THR', 'Annual General Shareholders Meeting', 'Tel Aviv Medical Center', 'Independent Data Monitoring Committee', 'Part B clinical trial', 'Sourasky Medical Center', 'clinical stage assets', 'Intravacc B.V.', 'Andy De Deene', 'Chief Development Officer', 'Tel Aviv University', 'Arnall Patz Medal', 'Diabetic Macular Edema', 'next generation standard', 'Israeli Ophthalmological Society', 'Part B Trial', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Dr. Anat Loewenstein', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'three-month time point', 'Ophthalmology Power list', 'The KALAHARI trial', 'retinal vascular diseases', 'current anti-VEGF therapies', 'Board Changes Trial', 'Ms. Nathalie Laarakker', 'Dr. David Guyer', 'Dr. Adrienne Graves', 'Interim Analysis Outcome', 'General Secretary', 'Dr. Guyer', 'Dr. Graves', 'Dr. Loewenstein', 'macular diseases', 'current standard', 'current therapies', 'Top-line Data', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'futility analysis', 'interim efficacy', 'safety data', 'independent directors', 'Ms. Laarakker', 'ophthalmic therapies', 'Macula Society', 'KALAHARI Phase', 'total subjects', 'Euronext Brussels', 'fourth quarter', 'continued support', 'important alternative', 'top-line results', 'other commitments', 'Tom Graney', 'professional responsibilities', 'continued involvement', 'scientific innovations', 'therapeutic alternatives', 'Sidney Fox', 'numerous accolades', 'cutting-edge work', 'Michelson Award', 'Rosenthal Award', 'outstanding contribution', 'public accountant', 'Dutch/US GAAP', 'United States', 'Royal NBA', 'graduate degrees', 'Mr. Graney', 'intricate knowledge', 'accounting acumen', 'Board Updates', 'important time', 'potential treatment', 'treatment options', 'total enrollment', 'Oxurion NV', 'Oxurion team', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'Oxurion board', 'two-thirds', 'December', 'Q4', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'March', 'care', 'THR-149', 'patients', 'DME', 'investigators', 'milestone', 'recommendation', 'IDMC', 'evaluation', 'pace', 'MD', 'MBA', 'transition', 'CFA', 'CEO', 'contributions', 'progress', 'programs', 'insights', 'perspectives', 'decade', 'expertise', 'efforts', 'dedication', 'millions', 'market', 'need', 'opportunity', 'Department', 'Netherlands', 'Euretina', 'President', 'Chair', 'studies', 'addition', 'experience', 'CFO', '25 years', 'IFRS', 'Sarbanes-Oxley', 'CPA', 'Amsterdam', 'education', 'undergraduate', 'auditing', 'completion', 'deep', 'co-optation', 'ratification', 'May', 'Approx', '9:00']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20521,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/with-all-plus-accor-reinvents-its-frequent-traveler-subscription-cards-301770166.html,With ALL PLUS  Accor reinvents its frequent traveler subscription cards,PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the successful launch of its ground-breaking subscription cards in China and Brazil  Accor today announces the revitalization of the ibis BUSINESS and BUSINESS PLUS frequent traveler cards through the creation o…,"PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the successful launch of its ground-breaking subscription cards in China and Brazil  Accor today announces the revitalization of the ibis BUSINESS and BUSINESS PLUS frequent traveler cards through the creation of ALL PLUS ibis and ALL PLUS Voyageur.ALL PLUS Logo ALL PLUS Voyageur card ALL PLUS ibis cardA true accelerator of the Accor Live Limitless loyalty program  ALL PLUS provides frequent business & leisure travelers peace of mind when it comes to finding the best price  unlocking last-minute room availability or accelerating status. ALL PLUS Voyageur members benefit from a 20% discount across 10 Luxury & Premium hotel brands and 15% discount in 9 Midscale & Economy brands. Focusing on the Economy segment  the ALL PLUS ibis card offers a 15% discount in the ibis family brands: ibis  ibis Styles & ibis budget.Since one in three business stays is booked 2 to 7 days in advance  ALL PLUS includes booking priority unlocking a room up to 2 days prior to arrival  even if the hotel is fully booked. In this spirit of providing the most elevated treatment to our customers  ALL PLUS leverages the richness of our loyalty program  ALL – Accor Live Limitless and upgrades each subscriber immediately to a minimum of Silver status.Through the deep refresh of its frequent traveler subscription product line  Accor aims to gain further market share in the new bleisure market combining business and leisure activities under one roof  shortening booking lead-time and extending length of stays. This product also enables the Group to position participating hotels as go to destinations for business trips and 'work from anywhere' locations.""Off the back of our industry acclaimed loyalty program  ALL - Accor Live Limitless  we wanted to craft regional subscription products which would resonate with today's traveler. These cards provide access to our best hospitality brands at the highest rational value when booking on ALL.com or App"" said Mehdi HEMICI  Chief Loyalty & E-Commerce Officer.""After 10 years of existence  it was time for paid BUSINESS cards to embrace the bleisure & 'work from anywhere' growing trends. Simpler  stronger and better embedded with the core loyalty program  ALL PLUS provides companies of all size  friends  couples and families the best way to enjoy 4 000 properties across 100 countries"" added Maxime GAREAU  Vice President Global Membership Subscription.The Asia Pacific & India Accor Plus cards will both continue their growth trajectory and be rebranded within the ALL PLUS Family in 2024.To learn more about ALL PLUS  visit our website here : ALL PLUSABOUT ACCORAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www. group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .ABOUT ALL – ACCOR LIVE LIMITLESSALL – Accor Live Limitless is a booking platform and loyalty program that enhances the Accor experience during and beyond the hotel stay. Facilitating seamless connection to Accor hotels across 40+ hotel brands in 110 countries  ALL's booking platform offers an unrivaled choice of stays at the best price  while the loyalty program provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences  notably with over 90 strategic partners. ALL helps members live their passions every day with over 2000 worldwide events  from local discoveries to the year's biggest sporting and musical events and chef masterclasses. ALL – Accor Live Limitless is the loyalty program most awarded by travelers. Discover ALL at all.comALLContacts media relations: Line Crieloue  VP Group External Communications  line.crieloue@accor.com; Mélanie Mahiette  External Communications Manager  melanie.mahiette@accor.comLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2031499/Accor_With_ALL_PLUS_%C2%A0Accor%C2%A0reinvents_its_frequent_traveler_subsc.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2031498/Accor_With_ALL_PLUS_%C2%A0Accor%C2%A0reinvents_its_frequent_traveler_subsc.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2031500/Accor_With_ALL_PLUS_%C2%A0Accor%C2%A0reinvents_its_frequent_traveler_subsc.jpgSOURCE Accor",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.01,True,English,"['frequent traveler subscription cards', 'ALL PLUS', 'Accor', 'frequent traveler subscription product line', 'BUSINESS PLUS frequent traveler cards', 'Accor Live Limitless loyalty program', 'world leading hospitality group', 'VP Group External Communications', 'industry acclaimed loyalty program', 'India Accor Plus cards', 'ALL PLUS Voyageur members', 'ALL PLUS ibis card', 'External Communications Manager', 'ground-breaking subscription cards', 'regional subscription products', 'Global Membership Subscription', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'highest rational value', 'core loyalty program', 'The Asia Pacific', 'ALL PLUS Family', 'best hospitality brands', 'ibis family brands', 'last-minute room availability', 'Mélanie Mahiette', 'Premium hotel brands', '40+ hotel brands', 'new bleisure market', 'three business stays', 'frequent business', 'Voyageur card', 'Line Crieloue', 'BUSINESS cards', 'The Group', 'ibis BUSINESS', '40 hotel brands', 'Chief Loyalty', 'PLUS Logo', 'ibis Styles', 'ibis budget', 'ALL.com', 'business trips', 'business ethics', 'market share', 'OTC Market', 'Economy brands', 'best price', 'best way', 'hotel stay', 'successful launch', 'true accelerator', 'elevated treatment', 'deep refresh', 'leisure activities', 'participating hotels', 'Mehdi HEMICI', 'E-Commerce Officer', 'growing trends', 'Maxime GAREAU', 'Vice President', 'growth trajectory', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'responsible tourism', 'sustainable development', 'community outreach', 'ISIN code', 'United States', 'seamless connection', 'unrivaled choice', 'wide variety', '90 strategic partners', '2000 worldwide events', 'local discoveries', 'biggest sporting', 'musical events', 'chef masterclasses', 'media relations', 'booking lead-time', 'booking platform', 'Accor SA', 'Accor experience', 'Accor hotels', 'SOURCE Accor', 'Economy segment', 'leisure travelers', 'Silver status', 'one roof', 'Euronext Paris', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'China', 'Brazil', 'revitalization', 'creation', 'peace', 'mind', '20% discount', '10 Luxury', '15% discount', '9 Midscale', 'advance', 'priority', 'arrival', 'spirit', 'customers', 'richness', 'subscriber', 'minimum', 'length', 'destinations', 'locations', 'back', 'today', 'access', 'App', '10 years', 'existence', 'companies', 'size', 'friends', 'couples', 'families', '4,000 properties', '100 countries', 'website', 'ABOUT', 'experiences', '110 countries', '5 400 properties', '10 000 food', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'terms', 'integrity', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok', 'rewards', 'services', 'passions', 'Contacts', 'frequent_traveler_subsc', 'Photo']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.co.uk
20522,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/14/2626301/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8551 £ 23.6861 Estimated MTD return -1.51 % -1.47 % Estimated YTD return -3.29 % -3.03 % Estimated ITD return 168.55 % 136.86 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.08 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 870.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.05 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.8114 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.4162The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,globenewswire.com
20523,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONWARD-MEDICAL-N-V-128192407/news/ONWARD-to-Publish-Full-Year-2022-Financial-Results-and-Host-Webcast-on-March-28-2023-43235968/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,ONWARD to Publish Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Host Webcast on March 28  2023,(marketscreener.com) EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  LAUSANNE  Switzerland  and BOSTON  MA USA  March 14  2023 -- ONWARD Medical N.V.   the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spina…,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  LAUSANNE  Switzerland  and BOSTON  MA USA  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announced it will publish full year 2022 financial and operating results on Tuesday  March 28  2023. Management will also host a webcast to discuss operational and financial highlights  as well as provide a business update  on March 28  2023  at 14:00 CEST / 08:00 EDT.Investors and the public can access the live webcast via Zoom by registering at this link . A confirmation email containing information about joining the session will be sent upon registration.Participants may also join by phone:+32 2 290 9360 (Belgium)+49 69 3807 9884 (Germany)+31 20 794 0854 (Netherlands)+41 22 591 01 56 (Switzerland)+44 208 080 6591 (United Kingdom)+1 360 209 5623 (US)International numbers availableWebcast ID: 810 2248 0661A recording of the webcast will be available on the Company’s website following the live event.To learn more about ONWARD’s ARC Therapy and the company’s vision to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM) or external (ARC-EX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received eight Breakthrough Device Designations from the US FDA encompassing both ARC-IM and ARC-EX. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a stimulator and wireless programmer. Positive top-line data were reported in 2022 from the company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the US and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead placed near the spinal cord. The company completed first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator and reported positive interim clinical outcomes for ARC-IM Therapy for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI in 2022.ONWARD is headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing US presence in Boston  Massachusetts. The company has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between EPFL  the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com . To access our 2023 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com .For Company Enquiries:info@onw d.comFor Media Enquiries:MC Services AGUS: Laurie Doyle  P: +1 339 832 0752Europe: Dr. Johanna Kobler  Katja Arnold  Kaja Skorka  P: +49 89 210 228 0media@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.15,0.75,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Host Webcast', 'ONWARD', 'March', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'eight Breakthrough Device Designations', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Positive top-line data', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'external, non-invasive platform', 'first pivotal study', 'upper extremity strength', 'marketing approval submissions', 'blood pressure regulation', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'MC Services AG', 'Dr. Johanna Kobler', 'implantable pulse generator', 'growing US presence', 'external (ARC-EX) systems', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'forward-looking statements contai', 'medical technology company', 'MA USA', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'full year', 'confirmation email', 'United Kingdom', 'International numbers', 'live event', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'US FDA', 'wireless programmer', 'human use', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'Media Enquiries', 'Laurie Doyle', 'Katja Arnold', 'Kaja Skorka', 'Investor Enquiries', 'press release', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'financial highlights', '2023 Financial Calendar', 'financial effects', 'operating results', 'actual results', 'future accuracy', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'business update', 'live webcast', 'Webcast ID', 'basic science', 'additional information', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'past trends', 'ARC-IM neurostimulator', 'actual events', 'Company Enquiries', 'future events', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Switzerland', 'BOSTON', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Management', 'operational', '14:00 CEST', 'Investors', 'public', 'Zoom', 'link', 'session', 'registration', 'Participants', 'phone', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'recording', 'website', 'vision', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'ability', 'Europe', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'EPFL', 'CHUV', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility', '08:00', '41']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20524,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43235948/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8551 £ 23.6861 Estimated MTD return -1.51 % -1.47 % Estimated YTD return -3.29 % -3.03 % Estimated ITD return 168.55 % 136.86 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.08 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 870.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.05 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.8114 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.4162The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20525,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LUMIBIRD-5001/news/LUMIBIRD-FY-2022-RESULTS-43243143/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,LUMIBIRD: FY 2022 RESULTS,(marketscreener.com) Lannion  March 14  2023 – 5:45 pm FY 2022 RESULTS A €31.3m EBITDA in a year of investment and global economic tensionsReturn to a 19% EBITDA margin in the second half of the yearExtension of growth and profitability targets 2023 The LUMIB…,Lannion  March 14  2023 – 5:45 pmFY 2022 RESULTSA €31.3m EBITDA (-4% yoy) in a year of investment and global economic tensionsReturn to a 19% EBITDA margin (23% excluding non-recurring costs) in the second half of the yearExtension of growth and profitability targets 2023The LUMIBIRD Group  European leader in laser technologies  improved its margins in the second half of the year and ended the year with an EBITDA of €31.3 million  down 4%. Tensions on supplies and structural costs necessary to anticipate growth explain the lower profitability for the year. These impacts are gradually being absorbed  thanks to the growth in activity and the measures put in place to address difficulties linked to the supply chain and rising costs. The Group is therefore extending its medium-term objectives of organic growth of 8 to 10% and is targeting an increase in EBITDA margin to 25% in 2026  with an objective of 18 to 23% for the year 2023.Extract from the condensed FY consolidated financial statementsapproved by the Board of Directors on March 14  2023At December 31 (in €m)20222021Change Value % Revenues 191.0 162.5 +28.5 +18% EBITDA 31.3 32.6 (1.3) -4% % revenues 16.4% 20.1% Current operating income 16.4 19.8 (3.4) -17% % revenues 8.6% 12.2% Operating income 17.3 19.1 (1.9) - Pre-tax income 14.4 17.6 (3.2) - Net income 11.4 13.9 (2.5) -Accelerated growth for both divisions in a complex global environmentAfter a record-high fourth quarter (+32% to €66m)  the LUMIBIRD Group's consolidated annual turnover reached €191m in 2022  evenly split between the Photonics (€93.5m  +23%) and Medical (€97.5m  +13%) divisions. The Group's annual growth was 18%  and 12% at constant scope and exchange rates. The perimeter impact is linked to the integration of the Lumibird Photonics Sweden defence rangefinder business on 31 May  which contributed €5.7m over the year. The annual currency effect was positive at €3.7m  mainly due to the appreciation of the dollar over the period.The Photonics division recorded strong growth in Europe (+38%) and the US (+26%)  but sales declined slightly in China  where the zero COVID policy weighed on the economy.The Medical division was more resilient in Asia (+11%)  with dynamic growth in the US (+18%) and limited growth (+5%) in Europe  which was affected by the conflict in Ukraine.This pursuit of vigorous growth was achieved in a complex political and economic context to which the Group adapted  notably by increasing its stock levels  using brokers to secure its supplies and reallocating part of the R&D staff to sourcing components in short supply. Lumibird has also continued to make strategic investments both in its human resources  with a 13% increase in staff  and in its industrial resources  with investments in 4 sites (Lannion  Villejust  Ljubjana  Göteborg). These elements shed light on the structuring of the 2022 results.Improved results in the second half of the yearSummary of results for each divisionin €mPhotonics Medical 2021 2022 Change (%) 2021 2022 Change (%) Revenues 76.4 93.5 +22.5% 86.1 97.4 +13.2% Gross margin 50.0 58.1 +16.4% 53.3 59.8 +12.1% % 65.4% 62.2% 61.9% 61.3% EBITDA 16.1 14.2 -12.0% 16.5 17.1 +3.8% % 21.1% 15.2% 19.2% 17.6% Current op. income 8.7 4.7 -45.4% 11.1 11.6 +4.8% % 11.3% 5.1% 12.9% 11.9%The Group's gross margin rate remained high in 2022  at 61.8% compared to 63.6% a year earlier. Inflationary pressures have less impacted the Medical division (61.3% gross margin vs. 61.9% in 2021) where price increases can be passed on rapidly  while the Photonics division (62.2% vs. 65.4%) is held back by a longer-term contract structure.Growth investments in organisational structuring and costs to adapt to supply pressures resulted in a slight decline in EBITDA from €32.6m to €31.3m  i.e. an EBITDA margin of 16.4%. The margin improved significantly in the second half of the year  to 19% compared to 13% in the first half. Adjusted for non-recurring items (brokerage effects and the mobilisation of R&D teams to requalify components  i.e. a total of €5m)  the EBITDA margin was 19% for FY 2022 and 23% in the second half.The improvement in profitability in the second half of the year affected both divisions  but for the year as a whole  the Photonics division  which was more affected by growth investments  suffered a more marked decline (EBITDA margin of 15.2% vs. 21.1% in 2021) than the Medical division (17.6% vs. 19.2% in 2021).Current operating profit was €16.4m in 2022  compared with €19.8m in 2021.After a financial result of €2.8m (vs. €1.5m in 2021) and taxes of €3.1m (vs. €3.7m in 2021)  net profit was €11.4m  compared to €13.9m in 2021.Cash flow: rising inventories and strong investmentsin €m 2021 2022 Net cash-flow from operations 26.6 1.4 Operating cash-flow before interests and tax 33.6 30.1 Change in WCR (8.8) (29.2) Taxes paid 1.8 0.5 Net cash-flow from investing activities (28.6) (29.3) Capital expenditures (18.2) (20.7) External growth (2.1) (8.1) Other financial assets investments (8.3) (0.6) Net cash-flow from financing activities (18.2) (7.9) Capital increase - - Net loans issuance 20.2 (3.6) Financing cost (2.2) (2.9) Other change 0.2 (1.4) NET CASH FLOW 1 16.2 (35.8)The securing of raw material inventories  as well as the integration of Lumibird Photonics Sweden's inventories (defence rangefinder activities in Sweden) have resulted in an increase in inventories of €19.6m in 2022. With the increase in trade receivables resulting from business growth  the increase in WCR (+29.2 M€) consumes almost all the operating cash flow (30.1 M€).In addition  2022 was a year of strong investment in industrial facilities  in particular for the expansion of the Lannion site  the creation of the Göteborg site to integrate the rangefinder activities  and the preparation of the new Villejust and Ljubljana sites. Net industrial investments thus amounted to €20.7m over the year. The overall cash requirement of €27.9m is fully covered by existing cash.Balance sheet positionNet financial debt  comprising €114.2m in gross financial debt and €61.7m in cash and cash equivalents  amounted to €52.5m at 31 December  compared with €49.2m at 30 June 2022 and €14.9m at 31 December 2021.LUMIBIRD maintains a solid financial position with a gearing of 27%  which allows the Group to preserve its financial flexibility and its ability to continue to finance its external growth ambitions  in particular thanks to €82.5m of available acquisition debt.Balance sheet highlights (€m) 31.12.2021 31.12.2022 Goodwill 70.3 69.9 Non-current assets (excl. Goodwill) 94.5 114.9 Current assets (excl. cash) 85.8 125.5 Cash and equivalents 97.1 61.7 TOTAL ASSETS 347.6 372.0 Shareholders’ equity (Incl. minority interests) 181.3 193.4 Long-term financial liabilities 2 97.9 48.6 Other long-term liabilities 10.5 10.1 Current financial liabilities 14.1 65.6 Current liabilities 43.8 54.3 TOTAL LIABILITIES 347.6 372.0OutlookLumibird's markets remain extremely buoyant and the strengthening of capacities thanks to investments in industrial plant and equipment should support a strong commercial dynamic in the coming half-years.In this context  the Group is targeting in 2023 reported revenues of €250m (including organic growth of 8 to 10% and possible external growth)  and a return of the EBITDA margin to a range of 18 to 23%. In the medium term (up to 2026)  the objective is to maintain a 8-10% organic growth and reach an EBITDA margin increase to 25%.Next date: Q1 2023 revenues on April 24  2023 after close of tradingLUMIBIRD is one of the world's leading specialists in lasers. With 50 years of experience and a mastering of solid state laser  laser diodes and fiber laser technologies  the Group designs  manufactures and markets high performance lasers for scientific (laboratories and universities)  industrial (manufacturing  defense  Lidar sensors) and medical (ophthalmology  ultrasound diagnostic) markets.Born from the combination of Keopsys Group with Quantel in October 2017  LUMIBIRD has more than 1000 employees and €191 million of consolidated revenues in 2022 and is present in Europe  America and Asia.LUMIBIRD shares are listed on the Euronext Paris B Compartment. FR0000038242 – LBIRD www.lumibird.comSince 2022  LUMIBIRD is part of Euronext Tech LeadersContactsLUMIBIRDMarc Le FlohicChairman and CEOTel. +33(0) 1 69 29 17 00info@lumibird.com LUMIBIRDAude Nomblot-GourhandSecretary General – CFOTel. +33(0) 1 69 29 17 00info@lumibird.com CalyptusMathieu CalleuxInvestors RelationsTel. +33(0) 1 53 65 37 91lumibird@calyptus.net1 The cash position corresponds to “cash and cash equivalents” on the asset side of the balance sheet  net of current bank borrowings (cash liabilities) included in current financial liabilities on the liability side of the balance sheet /passive)2 Financial liabilities (current and non-current) include lease liabilities under IFRS 16Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.17,0.53,True,English,"['FY 2022 RESULTS', 'LUMIBIRD', 'Lumibird Photonics Sweden defence rangefinder business', 'FY consolidated financial statements', 'Other financial assets investments', 'record-high fourth quarter', 'zero COVID policy', 'longer-term contract structure', 'R&D teams', 'complex global environment', 'Current op. income', 'annual currency effect', 'R&D staff', 'Current operating profit', 'Current operating income', 'A €31.3m EBITDA', 'global economic tensions', 'The LUMIBIRD Group', 'gross margin rate', 'The Photonics division', 'The Medical division', 'Change Value % Revenues', 'financial result', 'Photonics Medical', 'The Group', 'complex political', 'economic context', 'net profit', 'Operating cash-flow', 'Pre-tax income', 'Net income', 'annual turnover', '61.3% gross margin', 'strategic investments', 'strong investments', 'annual growth', 'second half', 'European leader', 'laser technologies', 'supply chain', 'medium-term objectives', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', 'perimeter impact', 'stock levels', 'short supply', 'human resources', 'industrial resources', 'Göteborg', 'Inflationary pressures', 'price increases', 'organisational structuring', 'supply pressures', 'slight decline', 'first half', 'non-recurring items', 'brokerage effects', 'improvement in', 'marked decline', 'Cash flow', 'rising inventories', 'Net cash-flow', 'investing activities', 'Capital expenditures', 'Growth investments', 'organic growth', 'Accelerated growth', 'strong growth', 'dynamic growth', 'limited growth', 'vigorous growth', 'External growth', 'non-recurring costs', 'structural costs', 'rising costs', '19% EBITDA margin', 'FY 2022 RESULTS', 'lower profitability', 'Lannion', 'March', 'yoy', 'year', 'Return', 'Extension', 'margins', 'supplies', 'impacts', 'activity', 'measures', 'place', 'difficulties', 'Extract', 'Board', 'Directors', 'December', 'divisions', 'integration', '31 May', 'appreciation', 'dollar', 'period', 'sales', 'China', 'economy', 'Asia', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'pursuit', 'brokers', 'part', 'components', '13% increase', '4 sites', 'Villejust', 'Ljubjana', 'elements', 'Improved', 'Summary', 'mobilisation', 'total', 'taxes', 'operations', 'interests', 'WCR', '5:45', '18', '19.']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20526,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/14/2627046/0/en/GROUPE-PARTOUCHE-Turnover-1st-quarter-2023-116-4-M-Consolidation-of-the-recovery-21-1-growth-vs-2022-at-a-constant-scope-of-consolidation-22nd-March-2023-General-Meeting-dividend-p.html,GROUPE PARTOUCHE: Turnover 1st quarter 2023: € 116.4 M - Consolidation of the recovery - +21.1 % growth vs 2022 at a constant scope of consolidation - 22nd March 2023 General Meeting: dividend proposal of 0.32 € per share,Turnover 1st quarter 2023: € 116.4 M (compared to € 98.1 M in 2022)Consolidation of the recovery+21.1 % growth vs 2022 at a constant scope of consolidation22nd March 2023 General Meeting: dividend proposal of 0.32 € per share,"French EnglishTurnover 1st quarter 2023: € 116.4 M (compared to € 98.1 M in 2022)Consolidation of the recovery+21.1 % growth vs 2022 at a constant scope of consolidation22nd March 2023 General Meeting: dividend proposal of 0.32 € per shareParis  14th March 2023  06:00 p.m. – Groupe Partouche  a European leader in gaming  publishes today its consolidated turnover for the 1st quarter 2023 (November 2022 – January 2023).As a reminder  during the 1st quarter of the previous financial year (November 2021 to January 2022)  the Group's casinos continued to suffer from the health constraints in place which weighed on their attendance:In France: the ""Health Pass""  non-free antigenic and PCR tests as well as the introduction of the ""Vaccination Pass"" as from 24 th January 2022 January 2022  In Switzerland: introduction of the ""Vaccination Pass"" from 20th December 2021  lifted on 17th February 2022.Moreover  the 1st quarter 2023 takes into account a scope effect linked in particular to the sale on 31st January 2022 of the stake held in the Crans-Montana casino (GGR of € 2.4 M in the 1st quarter 2022 and € 3.7 M in the 1st quarter 2020) and the entry into the Group’s fold of the Middelkerke Casino as from 1st July 2022  for an opening on 8th July 2022 after some refurbishment works (GGR of € 0.7 M in the 1st quarter 2023).Turnover 1st quarter 2023: € 116.4 M (compared to € 98.1 M in 2022)  i.e. +18 6 %Taking into account the aforementioned items  Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) stands at € 171.9 M in the 1st quarter 2023 compared to € 141.8 M a year earlier  up by +21.3 %. At constant scope  it increases by +22.9 % compared to the 1st quarter 2022 (+8.4 % compared to the 1st quarter 2020).In France  during the 1st quarter 2023  GGR increases by +22.2 % at € 153.8 M for all types of games: Slots +19.1 %  Non Electronic Table Games +24.8 % and Electronic Games +42.4 %.Abroad  GGR increases by +13.4 % reaching € 18.1 M compared to 1st quarter 2022  and by +28.7 % compared to 1st quarter 2022 at a constant scope of consolidation. Swiss online games progress by +25.4% compared to the previous year.In total  after levies  Net Gaming Revenue increases by +17.3 % to € 96.8 M in the 1st quarter 2023. Turnover for the 1st quarter 2023 amounts to € 116.4 M  up by +18.6 % year-on-year  after taking into account the turnover of other activities. At a constant scope (excluding the operation of games and online gaming and betting in Ostend  Belgium)  it increases by +21.1 % compared to the 1st quarter of 2022 (+3.3 % compared to the 1st quarter of 2020).General Meeting and dividend distributionDuring the General Meeting which will take place on Wednesday 22nd of March  the shareholders will have the opportunity to vote on the distribution of a dividend in the amount of € 3 080 650.88 (i.e. € 0.32 per share). The payment of this dividend will take place no later than 31st July 2023.Launching of the Joker ClubGroupe Partouche Web3 subsidiary  Partouche Multiverse is pleased to announce the launch of Joker Club  a collection of 8.888 NFTs Jokers. These NFTs offer exclusive advantages in the Partouche ecosystem and with its partners. From 10th to 19th March 2023  the customers will be able to access the presale of these NFTs. The official public sale (MINT) will take place on the 23rd March.The objective is to build the Partouche 3.0 community  in this year of the 50th anniversary of the Group which has always had innovation in its DNA. Through Partouche Multiverse  the Group is taking a step into Web3 and block chain activities. A new way of experiencing entertainment by connecting it with new uses and new audiences. More information at www.jokerclub.ioUpcoming events:General meeting: Wednesday 22nd March 2023Turnover 2nd quarter: Tuesday 13th June 2023  after stock market closureGroupe Partouche was established in 1973 and has grown to become one of the market leaders in Europe in its business sector. Listed on the stock exchange  it operates casinos  a gaming club  hotels  restaurants  spas and golf courses. The Group operates 41 casinos and employs nearly 3 900 people. It is well known for innovating and testing the games of tomorrow  which allows it to be confident about its future  while aiming to strengthen its leading position and continue to enhance its profitability. Groupe Partouche was floated on the stock exchange in 1995  and is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment. ISIN: FR0012612646 – Bloomberg: PARP:FP - Reuters: PARP.PA - Bloomberg: PARP:FPANNEX1- Construction of the consolidated turnover for the 1st quarter (November N-1 to January N)In €M 2023 2022 Variation 2023/2022 2020 Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) 171.9 141.8 21.3% 174.8 Levies -75.2 -59.3 26.8% -71.8 Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) 96.8 82.5 17.3% 103.0 Turnover excluding NGR 20.5 16.6 23.6% 24.6 Fidelity Programme -0.8 -0.9 -10.7% -0.9 Total Consolidated Turnover 116.4 98.1 18.6% 126.72- Breakdown of turnover by activity at 1st quarter (November N-1 to January N)In €M 2023 2022 Variation 2023/2022 2020 Casinos 108.9 91.9 18.5% 117.5 Hotels 5.2 3.9 34.1% 1.4 Other 2.3 2.3 -2.7% 7.9 Total Consolidated Turnover 116.4 98.1 18.6% 126.73- GlossaryThe ""Gross Gaming Revenue"" corresponds to the sum of the various operated games  after deduction of the payment of the winnings to the players. This amount is debited of the ""levies"" (i.e. tax to the State  the city halls  CSG  CRDS).The «Gross Gaming Revenue» after deduction of the levies  becomes the ""Net Gaming Revenue ""  a component of the turnover.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.3,0.23,True,English,"['Turnover 1st quarter', 'GROUPE PARTOUCHE', 'constant scope', '22nd March', 'General Meeting', 'Consolidation', 'recovery', '+21.1 % growth', 'proposal', 'share', 'Non Electronic Table Games', 'Groupe Partouche Web3 subsidiary', 'Gross Gaming Revenue', 'Net Gaming Revenue', 'official public sale', 'stock market closure', 'Swiss online games', 'Total Consolidated Turnover', 'previous financial year', 'Turnover 2nd quarter', 'Turnover 1st quarter', 'Electronic Games', 'online gaming', 'market leaders', 'gaming club', 'stock exchange', 'previous year', 'Partouche Multiverse', 'Partouche ecosystem', 'Partouche 3.0 community', '1st July', 'French English', 'constant scope', 'General Meeting', 'European leader', 'health constraints', 'Health Pass', 'free antigenic', 'PCR tests', 'Vaccination Pass', '20th December', '17th February', 'scope effect', 'Crans-Montana casino', 'Middelkerke Casino', '8th July', 'refurbishment works', 'other activities', 'Joker Club', 'exclusive advantages', '50th anniversary', 'chain activities', 'new way', 'new uses', 'new audiences', 'More information', 'Upcoming events', 'business sector', 'golf courses', 'leading position', 'Fidelity Programme', '2- Breakdown', '22nd March', '14th March', '19th March', '23rd March', '24 th January', '31st January', 'January N', 'Wednesday 22nd', 'Euronext Paris', '8.888 NFTs Jokers', 'PARP.PA', 'The Group', '3.0 Turnover', 'Consolidation', 'recovery', '+21.1 % growth', 'proposal', 'share', 'November', 'reminder', 'casinos', 'place', 'attendance', 'France', 'introduction', 'Switzerland', 'account', 'stake', 'GGR', 'entry', 'fold', 'opening', 'items', 'types', 'Slots', 'levies', 'operation', 'betting', 'Ostend', 'Belgium', 'distribution', 'opportunity', 'amount', 'payment', 'dividend', 'Launching', 'collection', 'partners', '10th', 'customers', 'presale', 'MINT', 'objective', 'innovation', 'DNA', 'step', 'entertainment', 'jokerclub', 'Tuesday', 'hotels', 'restaurants', 'spas', '3,900 people', 'tomorrow', 'future', 'profitability', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'Reuters', 'ANNEX', 'Construction', '€M', 'Variation', 'NGR', 'activity', '06:00', '0.']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,globenewswire.com
20527,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-PARTOUCHE-21207578/news/GROUPE-PARTOUCHE-Turnover-1st-quarter-2023-116-4-M-Consolidation-of-the-recovery-21-1-gro-43243223/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,GROUPE PARTOUCHE: Turnover 1st quarter 2023:  116.4 M - Consolidation of the recovery - +21.1 % growth vs 2022 at a constant scope of consolidation - 22nd March 2023 General Meeting: dividend proposal of 0.32  per share,(marketscreener.com) Turnover 1st quarter 2023: € 116.4 M Consolidation of the recovery+21.1 % growth vs 2022 at a constant scope of consolidation22nd March 2023 General Meeting: dividend proposal of 0.32 € per share Paris  14th March 2023  06:00 p.m. – Group…,"Turnover 1st quarter 2023: € 116.4 M (compared to € 98.1 M in 2022)Consolidation of the recovery+21.1 % growth vs 2022 at a constant scope of consolidation22nd March 2023 General Meeting: dividend proposal of 0.32 € per shareParis  14th March 2023  06:00 p.m. – Groupe Partouche  a European leader in gaming  publishes today its consolidated turnover for the 1st quarter 2023 (November 2022 – January 2023).As a reminder  during the 1st quarter of the previous financial year (November 2021 to January 2022)  the Group's casinos continued to suffer from the health constraints in place which weighed on their attendance:In France: the ""Health Pass""  non-free antigenic and PCR tests as well as the introduction of the ""Vaccination Pass"" as from 24 th January 2022 January 2022  In Switzerland: introduction of the ""Vaccination Pass"" from 20th December 2021  lifted on 17th February 2022.Moreover  the 1st quarter 2023 takes into account a scope effect linked in particular to the sale on 31st January 2022 of the stake held in the Crans-Montana casino (GGR of € 2.4 M in the 1st quarter 2022 and € 3.7 M in the 1st quarter 2020) and the entry into the Group’s fold of the Middelkerke Casino as from 1st July 2022  for an opening on 8th July 2022 after some refurbishment works (GGR of € 0.7 M in the 1st quarter 2023).Turnover 1st quarter 2023: € 116.4 M (compared to € 98.1 M in 2022)  i.e. +18 6 %Taking into account the aforementioned items  Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) stands at € 171.9 M in the 1st quarter 2023 compared to € 141.8 M a year earlier  up by +21.3 %. At constant scope  it increases by +22.9 % compared to the 1st quarter 2022 (+8.4 % compared to the 1st quarter 2020).In France  during the 1st quarter 2023  GGR increases by +22.2 % at € 153.8 M for all types of games: Slots +19.1 %  Non Electronic Table Games +24.8 % and Electronic Games +42.4 %.Abroad  GGR increases by +13.4 % reaching € 18.1 M compared to 1st quarter 2022  and by +28.7 % compared to 1st quarter 2022 at a constant scope of consolidation. Swiss online games progress by +25.4% compared to the previous year.In total  after levies  Net Gaming Revenue increases by +17.3 % to € 96.8 M in the 1st quarter 2023. Turnover for the 1st quarter 2023 amounts to € 116.4 M  up by +18.6 % year-on-year  after taking into account the turnover of other activities. At a constant scope (excluding the operation of games and online gaming and betting in Ostend  Belgium)  it increases by +21.1 % compared to the 1st quarter of 2022 (+3.3 % compared to the 1st quarter of 2020).General Meeting and dividend distributionDuring the General Meeting which will take place on Wednesday 22nd of March  the shareholders will have the opportunity to vote on the distribution of a dividend in the amount of € 3 080 650.88 (i.e. € 0.32 per share). The payment of this dividend will take place no later than 31st July 2023.Launching of the Joker ClubGroupe Partouche Web3 subsidiary  Partouche Multiverse is pleased to announce the launch of Joker Club  a collection of 8.888 NFTs Jokers. These NFTs offer exclusive advantages in the Partouche ecosystem and with its partners. From 10th to 19th March 2023  the customers will be able to access the presale of these NFTs. The official public sale (MINT) will take place on the 23rd March.The objective is to build the Partouche 3.0 community  in this year of the 50th anniversary of the Group which has always had innovation in its DNA. Through Partouche Multiverse  the Group is taking a step into Web3 and block chain activities. A new way of experiencing entertainment by connecting it with new uses and new audiences. More information at www.jokerclub.ioUpcoming events:General meeting: Wednesday 22nd March 2023Turnover 2nd quarter: Tuesday 13th June 2023  after stock market closureGroupe Partouche was established in 1973 and has grown to become one of the market leaders in Europe in its business sector. Listed on the stock exchange  it operates casinos  a gaming club  hotels  restaurants  spas and golf courses. The Group operates 41 casinos and employs nearly 3 900 people. It is well known for innovating and testing the games of tomorrow  which allows it to be confident about its future  while aiming to strengthen its leading position and continue to enhance its profitability. Groupe Partouche was floated on the stock exchange in 1995  and is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment. ISIN: FR0012612646 – Bloomberg: PARP:FP - Reuters: PARP.PA - Bloomberg: PARP:FPANNEX1- Construction of the consolidated turnover for the 1st quarter (November N-1 to January N)In €M 2023 2022 Variation 2023/2022 2020 Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) 171.9 141.8 21.3% 174.8 Levies -75.2 -59.3 26.8% -71.8 Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) 96.8 82.5 17.3% 103.0 Turnover excluding NGR 20.5 16.6 23.6% 24.6 Fidelity Programme -0.8 -0.9 -10.7% -0.9 Total Consolidated Turnover 116.4 98.1 18.6% 126.72- Breakdown of turnover by activity at 1st quarter (November N-1 to January N)In €M 2023 2022 Variation 2023/2022 2020 Casinos 108.9 91.9 18.5% 117.5 Hotels 5.2 3.9 34.1% 1.4 Other 2.3 2.3 -2.7% 7.9 Total Consolidated Turnover 116.4 98.1 18.6% 126.73- GlossaryThe ""Gross Gaming Revenue"" corresponds to the sum of the various operated games  after deduction of the payment of the winnings to the players. This amount is debited of the ""levies"" (i.e. tax to the State  the city halls  CSG  CRDS).The «Gross Gaming Revenue» after deduction of the levies  becomes the ""Net Gaming Revenue ""  a component of the turnover.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.11,0.32,True,English,"['Turnover 1st quarter', 'GROUPE PARTOUCHE', 'constant scope', '22nd March', 'General Meeting', 'Consolidation', 'recovery', '+21.1 % growth', 'proposal', 'share', '0.32', 'Non Electronic Table Games', 'Groupe Partouche Web3 subsidiary', 'Gross Gaming Revenue', 'Net Gaming Revenue', 'official public sale', 'stock market closure', 'Swiss online games', 'previous financial year', 'Turnover 2nd quarter', 'Total Consolidated Turnover', 'Turnover 1st quarter', 'Electronic Games', 'online gaming', 'market leaders', 'gaming club', 'stock exchange', 'previous year', 'Partouche Multiverse', 'Partouche ecosystem', 'Partouche 3.0 community', '1st July', 'constant scope', 'General Meeting', 'European leader', 'health constraints', 'Health Pass', 'free antigenic', 'PCR tests', 'Vaccination Pass', '20th December', '17th February', 'scope effect', 'Crans-Montana casino', 'Middelkerke Casino', '8th July', 'refurbishment works', 'other activities', 'Joker Club', 'exclusive advantages', '50th anniversary', 'chain activities', 'new way', 'new uses', 'new audiences', 'More information', 'Upcoming events', 'business sector', 'golf courses', 'leading position', 'Fidelity Programme', '2- Breakdown', '22nd March', '14th March', '19th March', '23rd March', '24 th January', '31st January', 'January N', 'Wednesday 22nd', 'Euronext Paris', '8.888 NFTs Jokers', 'PARP.PA', 'The Group', '103.0 Turnover', 'Consolidation', 'recovery', '+21.1 % growth', 'proposal', 'share', 'November', 'reminder', 'casinos', 'place', 'attendance', 'France', 'introduction', 'Switzerland', 'account', 'stake', 'GGR', 'entry', 'fold', 'opening', 'items', 'types', 'Slots', 'levies', 'operation', 'betting', 'Ostend', 'Belgium', 'distribution', 'opportunity', 'amount', 'payment', 'dividend', 'Launching', 'collection', 'partners', '10th', 'customers', 'presale', 'MINT', 'objective', 'innovation', 'DNA', 'step', 'entertainment', 'jokerclub', 'Tuesday', 'hotels', 'restaurants', 'spas', '3,900 people', 'tomorrow', 'future', 'profitability', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'Reuters', 'ANNEX', 'Construction', '€M', 'Variation', 'NGR', 'activity', '06:00', '2.2']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20528,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-as-at-28-February-2023-43239670/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value as at 28 February 2023,(marketscreener.com)  Volta Finance Limited – February 2023 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  Attachment  Volta - Monthly Report - February 2023    https://www.marketscreene…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – February 2023 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  14 March 2023AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for February 2023. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYVolta Finance is pleased to report another positive performance in February at +1.7% after a strong January performance of +5.5% and thus a good start for 2023.February performance reflected the carry of the portfolio during a relatively quiet month. In terms of defaults  over the month the rolling 12-month default rate increased by 0.2% (from 0.8 to 1%) in the US  while decreasing by 0.2% for European loans (from 0.4% to 0.2%). Current levels are significantly below the level projected by the rating agencies  with defaults expected to reach 2.5 to 4.5% for 2023. We are still being more constructive than that  and expect default rates to stay at the bottom of this range.The Q4 2022 earnings season did again confirm our view that inflation can provide some benefits: selling prices are easier to adjust when overall prices move (compared to when they are flat)  which helps transfering higher costs to clients and maintaining profitability. As a result  during February  earnings were better than expected.February is a structurally weak month in terms of interest and cash flows collected from Volta’s assets: Volta received the equivalent of €1m of interests and coupons. However  over the usual rolling 6-month time frame  Volta received €22.2m of interests and coupons  ie. a 19.4% annualized cash flow to NAV.Given that defaults are still materializing at a low pace  even if we are proven wrong and default rates reach the higher end of the above-mentioned range  we consider a materially negative impact on CLO Equity quarterly payments in 2023 as a remote risk.In February  the volume of loan refinancings (amend-and-extend) increased again  enabling CLOs that are still reinvesting to increase the WAS (Weighted Average Spread) of their underlying loan books. All other things being equal  higher WAS means higher cashflows distributed to the Equity. As a result  we expect Volta cash flows to increase in the coming quarters.Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follows: +0.8% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +3.7% for CLO Equity tranches  +2.2% for CLO Debt tranches; and -0.1% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (which represent circa 2.2% of the fund’s NAV).No significant purchases were made in February. We think that some pricing weakness on loans will show in the coming months if we are confirmed to live longer with higher rates. Volta accumulated a bit of cash over the last 2 months and we hope this will allow us to make some good investments  at a discount  in the coming weeks/months.As at the end of February 2023  Volta’s NAV was €229.1m or €6.26 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 5.87% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 5.32% as at 31 January 2023  0.55% as at 30 September 2022.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s investment objectives are to preserve capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its shareholders through dividends. Volta seeks to attain its investment objectives predominantly through diversified investments in structured finance assets. The assets that the Company may invest in either directly or indirectly include  but are not limited to: corporate credits; sovereign and quasi-sovereign debt; residential mortgage loans; and  automobile loans. The Company’s approach to investment is through vehicles and arrangements that essentially provide leveraged exposure to portfolios of such underlying assets. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 460 professionals and €887 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2021.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.09,0.47,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '28 February', 'underlying sub asset classes monthly performances', 'usual rolling 6-month time frame', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'rolling 12-month default rate', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'The Q4 2022 earnings season', 'CLO Equity quarterly payments', 'underlying loan books', 'CLO Debt tranches', 'Weighted Average Spread', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'residual currency effects', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'Cenkos Securities plc', '19.4% annualized cash flow', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'February 2023 monthly report', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'strong January performance', 'Volta cash flows', 'AXA IM', 'default rates', 'investment objectives', 'loan refinancings', 'Corporate Broker', 'listed securities', 'credit cycle', 'full report', 'The Companies', 'UNITED STATES', 'positive performance', 'good start', 'Current levels', 'rating agencies', 'higher costs', 'low pace', 'negative impact', 'remote risk', 'other things', 'higher cashflows', 'coming quarters', 'significant purchases', 'pricing weakness', 'coming months', 'higher rates', 'last 2 months', 'coming weeks/months', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'financial markets', 'stable stream', 'quiet month', 'weak month', 'European loans', 'overall prices', 'higher end', 'higher WAS', 'month-end date', 'period ends', 'Serge Demay', 'Company Secretary', 'Guernsey Branch', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Main Market', 'February performance', 'good investments', 'NAV information', '31 January', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '14 March', 'website', 'ACTIVITY', 'carry', 'portfolio', 'terms', 'defaults', 'bottom', 'range', 'view', 'inflation', 'benefits', 'clients', 'profitability', 'result', 'interest', 'assets', 'equivalent', 'coupons', 'volume', 'CLOs', 'ABS', 'fund', 'bit', 'discount', 'share', 'GAV', 'policy', 'timely', 'basis', '30 September', 'Dietz-performance', 'bucket', 'account', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', 'dividends', '0.', '2.5', '44']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20529,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MERSEN-9632901/news/Mersen-Resultats-annuels-2022-43243299/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Mersen : Résultats annuels 2022,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   MERSEN: A RECORD YEAR IN 2022   A NEW DIMENSION BY 2027    SALES PASS THE €1 BILLION MARK  REACHING €1.1 BILLION    2022 GUIDANCE EXCEEDED   2022 NET INCOME UP BY A SHARP 27% TO...https://www.marketscre…,"Mersen : Résultats annuels 2022 03/14/2023 | 01:06pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields PRESS RELEASE MERSEN: A RECORD YEAR IN 2022 A NEW DIMENSION BY 2027 S ALES PASS THE €1 BILLION MARK   REACHING €1.1 BILLION ( ORGANIC GROWTH OF 15%)ALES PASS THE BILLION MARK REACHING BILLION ORGANIC GROWTH OF 2022 GUIDANCE EXCEEDEDGUIDANCE EXCEEDED 2022 NET INCOME UP BY A SHARP 27% TO €74 MILLIONNET INCOME UP BY A SHARP TO MILLION I NCREASE IN ROCE (12.5% VS . 10.8% IN 2021) AMID SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTNCREASE IN VS IN AMID SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT S OLID FINANCIAL STRUCTURE : LEVERAGE OF 1.36 XOLID FINANCIAL STRUCTURE LEVERAGE OF X 25% INCREASE IN PROPOSED 2022 CASH DIVIDEND TO €1.25 PER SHAREINCREASE IN PROPOSED CASH DIVIDEND TO PER SHARE A NEW DIMENSION BY 2027 WITH SALES OF AROUND €1.7 BILLION AND AN AMBITIOUS INVESTMENT PLAN TO SUPPORT THIS GROWTH PARIS  MARCH 14  2023 - Mersen (Euronext FR0000039620 - MRN)  a global expert in electrical power and advanced materials  has released its consolidated results for the year ended December 31  2022. The Board of Directors met on March 14  2023 and approved the audited 2022 financial statements for publication. Luc Themelin  Mersen's Chief Executive Officer  said: ""We achieved a record performance in 2022  meeting or exceeding all of our targets - which we had already revised upward during the year. We also made tangible progress in our CSR commitments: for example  we achieved a significant reduction in the intensity of our greenhouse gas emissions and a higher proportion of the Group's engineers and managers are now women. This is the result of the strategy deployed in recent years to position the Group in dynamic and sustainable markets while adapting our organizational structure to tomorrow's challenges. With these very good results  the Group will propose to its shareholders a 25% increase in dividend. These successes represent only one step in the Group's strategy. The rapid take-up of electric vehicles in the automotive market represents a tremendous opportunity for the Group to leverage its two main areas of expertise in advanced materials and electrical protection. Upstream  Mersen is a key player in the manufacture of new silicon carbide power semiconductors  and downstream  the Group has developed two product lines dedicated to the connection and protection of electric vehicle batteries. With its expertise and global presence  Mersen is ideally positioned to support its customers as these markets enter an acceleration phase. The Group will invest nearly €400 million over the next few years to boost its PAGE 1 OF 14 WWW.MERSEN.COM PRESS RELEASE capacity at certain plants and pursue bolt-on acquisitions. The Group will also continue to be a key player in solar and wind energy. Mersen is therefore changing dimension and setting new medium-term goals that are much more ambitious than those in its previous plan. By 2027  the Group is now aiming for sales of around €1.7 billion  with nearly half of this amount generated in the renewable energy  semiconductor  and electric vehicle markets. The success of all these ambitious projects will depend on the high level of commitment and expertise of Mersen's employees  and I would like to take this opportunity to thank them wholeheartedly in advance."" PAGE 2 OF 14 WWW.MERSEN.COM PRESS RELEASE Key figures 2022 2021 Sales (€m) 1 115 923 Operating margin before non-recurring items 10.9% 10.0% Recurring EBITDA margin 16.7% 16.1% Net income attributable to Mersen shareholders (€m) 67.7 54.4 ROCE 12.5% 10.8% Leverage 1.42 1.36 Dividend per share (€) 1.25 1.00 For the definitions  please refer to the glossary at the end of this press release. The consolidated financial statements have been audited and the statutory auditors' report is currently being prepared. ACTIVITY  EBITDA AND OPERATING INCOME BEFORE NON-RECURRING ITEMS Mersen reported consolidated sales of €1 115 million for full-year 2022  up 15.2% on an organic basis versus 2021  and exceeding the organic growth target of 13%. Approximately 5% of this growth was attributable to price increases. Including the favorable currency effect due primarily to the appreciation of the US dollar and the Chinese renminbi  sales grew by 20.8%. In all  sustainable development markets (including renewable energies  electronics and green transportation) represented 56% of total sales1. Group EBITDA before non-recurring items was 25% higher year on year  at €186.4 million. Recurring EBITDA margin stood at 16.7%  up 60 basis points vs 2021  i.e.  10 basis points above our revised target of a 50-basis point increase. This improvement was largely driven by positive volume and mix effects. Productivity gains and price increases helped offset the higher cost of raw materials  energy and labor. This result also includes production start-up costs at the Columbia site in the United States  R&D expenses related to the Soitec project  and costs related to the creation of a dedicated electric vehicle team  while sales in this market are still limited. Depreciation and amortization increased by €8.6 million due to the major investment program the Group has been implementing since 2018. 1 This definition does not replace those used in the EU Taxonomy Regulation and Delegated Acts. PAGE 3 OF 14 WWW.MERSEN.COM PRESS RELEASE Operating income before non-recurring items reached €121.6 million  an increase of more than 31.4% on 2021  while the operating margin before non-recurring items expanded by 90 points to 10.9%  slightly above of our target of 10.8%. Advanced Materials segment Advanced Materials sales totaled €622 million  up 17.1% on an organic basis compared with 2021. Renewable energy markets (mainly solar and wind) saw vigorous growth  generating Group sales of over €150 million in the year. The semiconductor market also enjoyed good momentum  buoyed by demand for SiC power semiconductors for electric vehicles  and represented over €110 million in sales in 2022. Growth was also significant for process industries. After a stable first half of the year  chemicals sales accelerated sharply in the second half  leading the business to growth for the year as a whole. The rail and aeronautics markets also expanded compared to the comparative prior-year period when sales had remained weak. The operating margin before non-recurring items for the Advanced Materials segment was 15.8%  up sharply once again from 14.4% in 2021 and 12.1% in 2020. The volume/mix effect was particularly significant  representing nearly 40 basis points. Price increases and productivity gains more than offset inflation in raw material  energy and labor costs. However  higher depreciation and amortization expense and start-up costs for the Columbia plant (United States) had a negative impact of nearly 30 basis points. EBITDA before non-recurring items reached €142.3 million  accounting for 22.9% of sales versus 21.9% in 2021. Electrical Power segment Electrical Power sales reached €493 million for the year  representing organic year-on-year growth of 12.9%. Sales to the US electrical distribution market were particularly robust. And it was a busy year for the electric vehicle market  in terms of prototyping and qualification testing  with sales totaling €20 million for the full year versus €16 million in 2021. Operating margin before non-recurring items for the Electrical Power segment was stable year on year  at 9.0% (9.1% in 2021). The positive volume/mix effect offset the costs of setting up the electric vehicle team and the increase in depreciation and amortization expense. Price increases and productivity gains offset most of the impact of raw material and wage inflation. EBITDA before non-recurring items came to €63.7 million  accounting for 12.9% of sales versus 13.1% in 2021. NET INCOME Net income attributable to Mersen shareholders came in at €67.7 million in 2022  an increase of more than 24% compared with 2021. Non-recurring income and expenses amounted to - €11.4 million and chiefly consisted of non-cash impairment due mainly to the increase in the weighted average cost of capital. PAGE 4 OF 14 WWW.MERSEN.COM PRESS RELEASE Net financial expense was - €12.9 million  an increase compared to 2021 due to the unfavorable impacts of hyperinflation in Turkey and the appreciation of the US dollar over the period. Income tax expense was €23.0 million  corresponding to an effective tax rate of 24% (21% excluding the impact of impairment losses recognized for the Anticorrosion Equipment business)  in line with the tax rate in 2021 (24%). Income from non-controlling interests (€6.7 million) essentially included Mersen Yantai (China) and Mersen Galaxy (China)  in which Mersen holds a 60% stake. CASH AND NET DEBT The Group generated strong cash flow from operating activities (€105.5 million) despite a negative change in working capital requirement of €63.2 million. The change came amid robust business growth  which in turn led to an increase in inventories and trade receivables. The Group also increased its raw material and component inventories to secure its supply chain  and built up significant inventories at its Columbia plant to manage the production start-up. The WCR ratio represented 20.7% of sales versus 19.4% of sales in 2021. This percentage includes a significant amount of provisioned  unpaid bonuses in both 2022 and 2021. Income tax paid represented an outlay of €12.1 million  down sharply from 2021  as the Group benefited from accelerated tax depreciation in the United States linked to investments made at its Columbia site. Investments in intangible assets totaled €97.2 million in 2022  higher than the amount forecast at the start of the year in view of the strong outlook in certain Group markets. Over 30% of these investments concerned the maintenance  upkeep and modernization of plants and equipment. The other major projects comprised the ramp-up in industrial operations at the Columbia plant (United States) with the start-up of the extruded and isostatic graphite production lines  as well as the relocation and expansion of the site in South Korea for the semiconductor industry  and projects to improve the environment and safety of plants. Investments in intangible assets are related to the plan to digitize and modernize information systems and represented €6 million. The Group also sold industrial assets for an amount of €10 million. Consequently  net debt at end-2022 stood at €240.6 million  higher than at the end of 2021 (€193.2 million) and the Group maintained its solid financial structure. Return on capital employed (ROCE) was up sharply at 12.5%  from 10.8% in 2021  amid significant investment. FINANCIAL STRUCTURE The Group maintained a solid financial structure in 2022 with leverage of 1.36x and gearing of 33%. It even managed to strengthen its financial structure during the year by refinancing its syndicated credit facility ahead of its July 2024 maturity. No significant repayment milestones are expected before 2026. PAGE 5 OF 14 WWW.MERSEN.COM Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Mersen SA published this content on 14 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 14 March 2023 17:05:07 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about MERSEN 12:37p Global markets live: SVB  Credit Suisse  Blackstone  Tesla... 03/14 Mersen : A record year in 2022 PU 03/14 Mersen : Résultats annuels 2022 PU 03/14 Mersen : a major contract with Wolfspeed PU 03/14 Global markets live: United Airlines  Signature Bank  Blackstone  Fi.. 03/14 Mersen S.A. Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI 03/12 Save The Date : 2022 Full Year Results PU 03/09 Mersen : announces its entry into the SBF 120 index PU 03/09 Mersen : entry into the SBF 120 index PU 02/21 Mersen : at Viva Fabrica in Lyon  France PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['Résultats annuels', 'Mersen', 'AMID SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT S OLID FINANCIAL STRUCTURE', 'WWW.MERSEN.COM PRESS RELEASE capacity', 'new silicon carbide power semiconductors', '14 WWW.MERSEN.COM PRESS RELEASE', 'OLID FINANCIAL STRUCTURE LEVERAGE', 'dedicated electric vehicle team', 'PRESS RELEASE MERSEN', 'electric vehicle batteries', 'AMBITIOUS INVESTMENT PLAN', 'multiple email addresses', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'two main areas', 'two product lines', 'new medium-term goals', ""statutory auditors' report"", 'favorable currency effect', 'consolidated financial statements', 'electric vehicle markets', 'R&D expenses', 'production start-up costs', 'sustainable development markets', '50-basis point increase', 'Recurring EBITDA margin', 'organic growth target', '2027 S ALES', 'BILLION ORGANIC GROWTH', '2022 financial statements', 'organizational structure', 'significant reduction', 'electrical power', 'electric vehicles', 'sustainable markets', 'NEW DIMENSION', '1,115 923 Operating margin', 'Résultats', 'previous plan', 'ambitious projects', 'RECURRING ITEMS', 'consolidated results', 'GROWTH PARIS', 'MILLION I', 'global expert', 'advanced materials', 'Luc Themelin', 'record performance', 'tangible progress', 'CSR commitments', 'higher proportion', 'good results', 'one step', 'rapid take-up', 'automotive market', 'key player', 'global presence', 'acceleration phase', 'high level', 'Key figures', 'organic basis', 'price increases', 'US dollar', 'Chinese renminbi', 'renewable energies', 'green transportation', 'positive volume', 'mix effects', 'Productivity gains', 'higher cost', 'raw materials', 'Columbia site', 'United States', 'Soitec project', '€1 BILLION MARK', 'NET INCOME', 'OPERATING INCOME', 'wind energy', 'renewable energy', 'consolidated sales', 'Group EBITDA', 'First name', 'recent years', 'tremendous opportunity', 'electrical protection', 'Mersen shareholders', 'total sales', 'RECORD YEAR', 'X 25% INCREASE', 'CASH DIVIDEND', 'The Group', '7 BILLION', '1.36 X', '60 basis', '06pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '2022 GUIDANCE', 'SHARP', 'ROCE', 'VS', 'PROPOSED', 'AROUND', 'MARCH', 'Euronext', 'MRN', 'Board', 'Directors', 'publication', 'targets', 'example', 'intensity', 'engineers', 'managers', 'strategy', 'dynamic', 'tomorrow', 'challenges', 'successes', 'expertise', 'manufacture', 'connection', 'customers', 'PAGE', 'plants', 'acquisitions', 'solar', 'half', 'amount', 'employees', 'definitions', 'glossary', 'NON', 'full-year', 'appreciation', 'electronics', 'improvement', 'labor', 'creation', '2021']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20530,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALMAWAVE-S-P-A-120091815/news/Almawave-S-p-A-FY-2022-Results-43243832/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Almawave S p A : FY 2022 Results,"(marketscreener.com)   ALMAWAVE: 2022 REVENUES GROW 46% TO EURO 48 MILLION    NET PROFIT UP 38.6% TO EURO 4.8 MILLION   Sandei: ""2022 was another year of exceptional growth. We have made   acquisitions and diversified markets and regions. We have i…","Almawave S p A : FY 2022 Results 03/14/2023 | 02:46pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields ALMAWAVE: 2022 REVENUES GROW 46% TO EURO 48 MILLION  NET PROFIT UP 38.6% TO EURO 4.8 MILLION Sandei: ""2022 was another year of exceptional growth. We have made acquisitions and diversified markets and regions. We have in fact doubled our business over the last two years and continue to invest in the Group's development  while maintaining high margins and improving the NFP."" Revenues of Euro 48.0 million  +46% vs 2021Total revenues and other income of Euro 49.6 million  +45.2%Adjusted EBITDA 1 of Euro 12.2 million  +36.2% and Reported EBITDA of Euro 10.2 million  +31.7%and Reported EBITDA of Euro 10.2 million  +31.7% Adjusted EBITDA Margin 1 of 25.4% (vs 27.2%) and Reported EBITDA Margin of 21.3% (vs 23.6%)(vs 27.2%) and Reported EBITDA Margin of 21.3% (vs 23.6%) Adjusted EBIT 1 of Euro 8.4 million  +43.2% and Reported EBIT of Euro 6.4 million  +37.6%and Reported EBIT of Euro 6.4 million  +37.6% Adjusted EBIT Margin of 17.5% (vs 17.8%)Net Profit of Euro 4.8 million  +38.6%Backlog at today's date of Euro 79 million  in addition to Euro 9 million of contracts in the final award phaseNet Cash Position 2 of Euro 10.5 million (8.1 million in September 2022)of Euro 10.5 million Investments of Euro 6.7 million (14.0% of revenues vs 15.5% in 2021) Rome  March 14  2023 - Almawave S.p.A.  a company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market (Ticker: AIW) and part of the Almaviva Group  an Artificial Intelligence (AI)  natural language processing and Big Data services leader  today approved the 2022 separate financial statements and consolidated financial statements  reporting revenues of Euro 48.0 million  up 46.0% on 2021. Almawave's Chief Executive Officer Valeria Sandei commented: ""The Almawave Group's 2022 Revenues have reached the challenging goal of Euro 50 million. In the two years since our stock market listing in fact  we have almost doubled the scale of our business  with revenues increasing from Euro 27 million to Euro 48 million. Almawave has not only outperformed the general market  which in fact has returned very interesting growth rates  but has also beaten market analyst estimates. The consistent focus on the market and sustainable growth has not slowed R&D spend  the systematic development of innovative solutions  such as the AIWave platform  and new projects for high-potentialsectors such as  for example  the ""OncologIA"" healthcare research project. Sandei concluded: ""We today present financial statements which provide a snapshot of a company that has grown on all fronts  with strong business expansion and a gradual diversification of the vertical markets and regions covered. We have also focused on strategic sectors and those serving a range of National Recovery and Resilience Plan areas (NRRP)  an effort that will continue over the coming years. Our focus on ESG topics has also steadily grown  with significant results achieved and targets set for the 2030 Agenda  charting a clear path. In addition to organic growth  acquisition-led growth has contributed to the Group's results. The companies The Data Appeal Company and Sistemi Territoriali have already created clear synergies in the initial months of working together  in high potential sectors such as location intelligence and the ecological transition"". Net of the accrual for the 2021/2023 Stock Grant Plan and net of M&A costs Net Financial Position (NFP): takes account of approx. Euro 6 million of cash-out concerns the completion in the year of the acquisitions of The Data Appeal Company and Sistemi Territoriali Looking to the Almawave Group's overall revenues  the proprietary products and related services components saw exceptional growth of 75% on the previous year  for total revenues of Euro 23 million. This achievement confirms the Group's ability to offer its customers advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies and platforms to support diversified business sectors. The services area also reports growth (Big Data services and digital transformation applied to third party products)  up 26.6% YoY to Euro 25 million. The regional breakdown of revenues indicates the Group's significant strengthening internationally. Compared to the previous year in fact  overseas revenues reached Euro 5.7 million  up +72.0% YoY and accounting for 12% of revenues (10% at December 31  2021). The strongest growth was in LATAM (Latin America) and Africa. In particular  in the LATAM area  Almawave strengthened its operations with the start-up of a tourism  fintech and location intelligence operation through the subsidiary The Data Appeal Company. The European market also saw positive signs. The Italian market consolidated further  with revenues of Euro 42.3 million  up 43.0% on 2021  accounting for 88% of revenues (90% at December 31  2021). Considering the stand-alone performance of both acquired companies  thus considering all of 2022  the revenues of The Data Appeal Company are up 90% to Euro 4.2 million (vs. Euro 2.3 million in 2021)  while those of Sistemi Territoriali are up 31% to Euro 3.1 million (vs. Euro 2.4 million in 2021)  for overall growth between the two entities of approx. 60% YoY. Margins were also strong  up over 140% YoY. The Group's margins in 2022 remained high  even amid increasing spending on marketing and communication and business development in general. Adjusted EBITDA in fact was Euro 12.2 million  up 36.2% on the previous year  with a margin of 25.4% (which compares with 27.2% in 2021). Adjusted EBIT amounted to Euro 8.4 million (+43.2% YoY)  with an Adjusted EBIT Margin of 17.5% (17.8% in 2021). The net profit in 2022 was up 38.6% on the previous year to Euro 4.8 million. During the year  functional investments in the development of technologies  products  platforms and vertical solutions amounted to Euro 6.7 million  accounting for 14.0% revenues (150 basis points lower than in 2021  with a positive impact on cash EBITDA). The Net Cash Position at December 31  2022 (taking account of approx. Euro 6 million cash-out for the completion of the acquisitions in 2022 of The Data Appeal Company and Sistemi Territoriali) was Euro 10.5 million (at September 30  2022 cash of approx. Euro 8.1 million). This compares to Euro 14.0 million at December 31  2021. The backlog at today's date of Euro 79 million  in addition to approx. Euro 9 million of contracts in the final award phase. The Backlog at September 30  2022 was Euro 83 million  while at December 31  2021 amounting to approx. Euro 101 million (compared to Euro 72 million at December 31  2020). The company today has over 300 customers and 35 partners. The Almawave workforce at December 31  2022 increased by 121 (+42%) on the previous year  bringing the Group total to 407. This growth once again testifies to the attractiveness of the company's development model  even in a highly competitive market. Calling of the Shareholders' Meeting The 2022 separate financial statements shall be submitted to the Shareholders' Meeting to be held  as previously announced  on April 14  2023 in first call  or  where required  on April 18  2023 in second call. Proposal for the allocation of the result The Board of Directors has approved the proposal to the Shareholders' Meeting of Almawave S.p.A. to allocate the net profit of Euro 2 203 878.98 to the legal reserve for Euro 4 558.74 and for the residual to ""Retained earnings"". Significant events in 2022 In 2022  the Almawave Group continued to strongly innovate through the development of product suites  the market launch of a new platform (AIWave)  and the bringing on stream of new platforms/products through the acquisition of two companies. The Data Appeal Company and Sistemi Territoriali are respectively engaged in Location Intelligence & Analytics for decision support systems for a range of market segments and Geographic Information Systems (GIS). Alongside innovation for market solutions  which boost the company's potential  the roadmap on proprietary enabling technologies has been significantly furthered. Product positioning work with leading market analysts and specialized entities such as Gartner  Forrester  Markets&Markets and OpusResearch was undertaken and brought significant results. Marketing and communication activities have been greatly intensified at all Group companies. This development was accompanied by the start-up of new international teams for business development and the diversification of the company's positioning  with results indicating a strong start. 2022 again featured  in terms of the public sector  the winning of Consip contracts - SPC and Data Management Framework Agreement - enabling the company to strengthen its presence in terms of new customers and growth on existing customers. A focus was placed on the development of the Smart Mobility & Transportation market  including through framework contracts with the parent company. Almawave also worked on new market practices  including Healthcare  with the development of specialized AI solutions and the launch of a major research project called ""OncologIA""  funded by the Region of Puglia  through the Group's Almaviva Digitaltec company. Overseas development activities simultaneously continued successfully. Internationally  Almawave S.p.A. operates in South America through its subsidiary Almawave do Brasil. The company consolidated its business development operational capabilities  launching key projects in the customer experience area  also in synergy with AlmavivA do Brasil. A new The Data Appeal Company business unit was also launched in Brazil  focused on providing location intelligence solutions in the country. In addition  intense international activity continued for all Group companies in Europe  the United States  and most recently in Africa  with the award of a major contract in Tanzania for the automatic transcription and translation service of court sessions in the country  in Swahili and English. During the year  the company strengthened its sustainability profile by approving its second Sustainability Report and including a summary of the Sustainability Report in the 2022 financial statements  with publication in the coming months. Almawave was also honored in the year with the AssoNEXT Best ESG Identity award for its focus on sustainability and the conscious integration of ESG factors in both its market product and service offerings and in the company's internal management  thus promoting a responsible  inclusive and sustainable digital transition. The main ESG news and results included: the drawing up of an integrated ESG Strategic Plan with targets to 2023  2025 and 2030; the setting up of the internal ESG Committee within the Board of Directors; the expanded training plan (+30%); Euro 4.2 million of fresh R&D investment  all with direct and positive impacts on ESG issues; the maintenance of the ""0 data breach"" target; new hires under 30 reaching 36%; and the continued support of initiatives to involve women in STEM training paths. Almawave also achieved new major certifications in 2022 in the areas of privacy (ISO 27001 - Information Security Management System  SGSI)  corporate social responsibility (Standard Social Accountability 8000  SA8000) and cybersecurity (CSA STAR of the Cloud Security Alliance)  while continuing to strengthen its operational and management profile in order to ensure ever-better quality standards for customers and all stakeholders. Second Sustainability Report In 2022  the company presented its second Sustainability Report  which annually presents the non- financial performances  covering 2020 and 2021. The document identifies  measures and monitors the main sustainability impacts both for the company and for its main stakeholders. Almawave's Sustainability Report comprises four main topic areas: Governance  Responsible Digital Transition  People and Environment. These are analysed broadly  with the most relevant sustainability impacts in these areas both for the company and its stakeholders identified  measured and monitored. The document also highlights how - through the company objective of delivering and accelerating the tangible benefits of the digital transition for people's daily lives - Almawave is able to contribute to a growing number of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) identified by the United Nations. In just a few months  the company has increased the number of goals it contributes to from 8 to 12 (out of a total of 17). The document was drawn up according to the highest accredited standards  the GRI (Global Reporting Initiative)  to facilitate understanding according to a metric adopted by the majority of enterprises and for comparability with other Information Technology players. The company in addition offers platforms and services with the key objective of generating sustainable development. All the company's operations  further strengthened by the entry of The Data Appeal Company and Sistemi Territoriali into the company's scope in the first half of 2022  match this vision. Two enterprises specialising in advanced technology services  whose platforms are already applied to projects seeking to improve community welfare  optimise gas and water consumption  support digital inclusion and make the digital transition tangible and responsible. Summary of Third Sustainability Report As indicated  Almawave's updated 2022 version of its Sustainability Report will be presented in the year  outlining the commitment to ESG issues and the steps taken and those to be taken on the company's future journey toward the goals of the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. The summary of the Report has been included as an integrated section of the Annual Financial Statements  as a substantial part of the company strategy. The main findings have been outlined above. Subsequent events Signing up to the United Nations Global Compact Almawave in February 2023 announced that it had joined the United Nations Global Compact. The company thus confirmed itself as an Italian enterprise focused on ESG (Environmental  Social  Governance) practices and objectives  continuing on the path followed by the parent company Almaviva since 2015. In signing up  Almawave has committed to undertake responsible business activities and embrace the universal principles of sustainability. Outlook The Almawave Group for 2023 expects a strong business performance and a consequent increase in Revenues  EBITDA and EBIT. A net profit is forecast. On the technology and supply side  the Group intends to continue its growth by further investing in increasing and strengthening its solutions for application in various markets  such as Government  Fintech  Tourism  Ecological Transition  Smart Mobility & Transportation and Healthcare. In order to consolidate its leadership in the field of Artificial Intelligence  new resources will also be invested in the development of the core product technology platforms Iride  Audioma  Mastro and the products of the companies acquired during 2022  in addition to supporting the new talent recruiting programs. In the area of Big Data services & digital transformation  confirming the strategic quality and speed of integration of the Almawave model  the synergies with The Data Appeal Company and Sistemi Territoriali - the two companies acquired during last year - will be further strengthened. In order to further diversify the customer base  a close focus will be placed on domestic and international business development  which will be supported by investments in marketing that are appropriate and functional for market positioning. The company will additionally focus on the Government market  partly because of the significant challenges related to the introduction of the National Recovery and Resilience Plan (NRRP)  in addition to the tenders won and framework agreements already obtained. The Smart Mobility & Transportation  Tourism and Ecological Transition markets will also be targeted  in order to consolidate and expand - including through qualified partners - the existing customer base. A portion of investment in business development will be allocated to improve Almawave's positioning on the international market. The LATAM market specifically will receive additional focus  similar to the European and U.S. markets. The achievements on these latter two high-potential Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Almawave S.p.A. published this content on 13 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 14 March 2023 18:45:10 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about ALMAWAVE S.P.A. 08:50a Almawave S P A : FY 2022 Financial Results PU 06:58a Banks sink the Mib  which falls below 26 000 AN 04:48a Mib opens down; China retail sales rise AN 03/14 Almawave S P A : FY 2022 Results PU 03/14 Almawave  revenues up; profit also improves in 2022 AN 03/02 Almawave S P A : technology in the 'In Cain's shoes' project PU 02/27 Almawave joins the United Nations Global Compact AN 02/20 Data Appeal Company of Almawave and Lokky  agreement for alternative data AN 02/10 Futures down; UK GDP slowing down. AN 02/09 Piazza Affari the best; MPS tops on the Mid AN",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.27,0.19,True,English,"['Almawave S', 'FY 2022 Results', 'OncologIA"" healthcare research project', '2021/2023 Stock Grant Plan', 'Big Data services leader', 'advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies', 'The Data Appeal Company', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Almawave S.p.A.', 'Resilience Plan areas', 'M&A costs', 'stock market listing', 'The European market', 'multiple email addresses', 'final award phase', 'natural language processing', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'R&D spend', 'related services components', 'market analyst estimates', 'third party products', '2022 separate financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'location intelligence operation', 'interesting growth rates', 'high potential sectors', 'strong business expansion', 'last two years', 'Net Financial Position', 'diversified business sectors', 'Net Cash Position', 'The Almawave Group', 'Euro 10.5 million Investments', 'EURO 4.8 MILLION Sandei', 'services area', 'strategic sectors', 'general market', 'Italian market', 'diversified markets', 'high margins', 'proprietary products', 'coming years', 'exceptional growth', 'sustainable growth', 'organic growth', 'acquisition-led growth', 'strongest growth', 'other income', 'Valeria Sandei', 'challenging goal', 'innovative solutions', 'AIWave platform', 'new projects', 'gradual diversification', 'vertical markets', 'National Recovery', 'ESG topics', 'clear path', 'Sistemi Territoriali', 'clear synergies', 'initial months', 'ecological transition', 'digital transformation', 'regional breakdown', 'significant strengthening', 'Latin America', 'positive signs', 'stand-alone performance', 'EURO 48 MILLION', 'FY 2022 Results', 'significant results', 'Almaviva Group', 'First name', 'EBITDA Margin', 'Net Profit', 'consistent focus', 'systematic development', 'previous year', 'LATAM area', 'REVENUES GROW', 'Total revenues', 'overall revenues', 'overseas revenues', 'EBIT Margin', '2022 Revenues', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'acquisitions', 'regions', 'fact', 'NFP', 'Backlog', 'today', 'addition', 'contracts', 'September', 'Rome', 'Ticker', 'scale', 'high-potentialsectors', 'example', 'snapshot', 'fronts', 'range', 'NRRP', 'effort', 'targets', '2030 Agenda', 'companies', 'accrual', 'account', 'out', 'completion', 'achievement', 'ability', 'customers', 'platforms', 'December', 'Africa', 'operations', 'start-up', 'fintech', 'subsidiary']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20531,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/artprice-by-artmarketcom-publishes-its-26th-annual-report-the-art-market-in-2022-reveals-a-16-increase-in-western-art-auction-turnover-as-the-united-states-regained-its-first-place-and-the-world-posted-a-record-number-of-art--301771682.html,"Artprice by Artmarket.com publishes its 26th annual report. ""The Art Market in 2022"" reveals a 16% increase in Western art auction turnover as the United States regained its first place and the world posted a record number of art auction transactions","PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Artprice's 26th Annual Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs (e…","PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Artprice's 26th Annual Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs (excluding antiques  anonymous cultural property and furniture)  and covers the period between 1 January and 31 December 2022.All prices indicated in this Artprice by Artmarket report refer to results from public auctions  including buyer's fees. All uses of the $ sign refer to US dollars.Global Fine Art & NFT auction turnover Principal marketplaces by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover in 2022The results of the 2022 Art Market are excellent  despite the pandemic which will remain etched in the history of the modern world and which fortunately seems to be coming to an end.Despite ongoing negative impacts from the pandemic  the figures show a 16% increase in Western auction turnover compared with the previous year (2021).In China  the government's zero-COVID policy caused a sharp 34% contraction in fine art auction turnover to $3.9 billion versus $5.9 billion in 2021.However  art market professionals are expecting a very substantial rebound in China's art market in 2023 and much fiercer competition with the United States.As part of their collaboration to produce truly global art market reports  Artprice  and its Chinese state publishing partner  Artron  are monitoring this fierce competition very closely.In this report  Artprice presents  among other elements  its famous rankings  including the Top 500 Artists by fine art and NFT auction turnover in 2022  and the Top 100 fine art and NFT works sold at auction in 2022.The dematerialization of the art market and its increasing reliance on the Internet is today a reality on all five continents of the world  a reality that will eventually relegate physical auction rooms to the history of the 20th century.According to Thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and founder of Artprice  ""the migration to the Internet of auction houses has taken on spectacular proportions with  on the one hand  a 2 700% increase in the advertising of auctions on the Internet and  on the other hand  and 810% increase in the live-stream sales over the three years of the COVID pandemic. Such figures were generally not expected before 2025-2027"".Artprice by Artmarket is pleased to announce the publication of its 26th annual report ""The Art Market in 2022""  available free of charge  in full and in three languages  both as a consultable online document and as a downloadable PDF:www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022English: https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/the-art-market-in-2022.pdfFrench: https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/le-marche-de-lart-en-2022.pdfMandarin: https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/zh-the-art-market-in-2022.pdfGlobal synopsisIn the West  fine art auction turnover reached a new high at $12.6 billion  up 16% versus the $10.9 billion total in 2021.Including China  the global art auction market totaled $16.56 billion versus $17.08 billion in 2021  a 3.1% contraction primarily due to the sharp fall in China's turnover (-34%) as a result of its zero-COVID policy.The volume of transactions reached a new historic level with 705 000 lots sold  compared to 672 000 in 2021.The proportion of unsold lots progressed from 31% in 2021 to 35% in 2022  suggesting the market became slightly more selective.The average auction price for artworks was $23 500 in 2022 compared with $25 730 in 2021.The median auction price was $760 in 2022 versus $930 in 2021.In 2022  80% of the artworks sold for less than $4 500 at auction (versus $4 800 in 2021).The overall art price index fell by -18% between 1 January and 31 December 2022.The Artprice100© index of blue-chip artists was up 3% over 2022 vs. -19% for the S&P 500.Contemporary Art accounted for 16% of the art market compared with 20% in 2021 and only 3% in 2000.Six artworks crossed the symbolic threshold of $100 million  all in New York  compared with just one in 2021.In 2022  a total of 1 682 fine artworks plus 1 NFT crossed the $1 million threshold compared with 1 709 fine artworks plus 25 NFTs in 2021.Global Fine Art & NFT auction turnoverInfographic - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2032675/Artmarket_1.jpgThe United States in pole positionIn 2022  the United States posted its best-ever fine art auction turnover total with 158 000 lots generating $7.34 billion  representing 44% of the global art market (compared with 140 000 lots and $5.8 billion  representing 34% of the global art market in 2021).Paralyzed by its zero-COVID health policy  China generated only $3.91 billion  or 24% of the global art market (vs. $5.9 billion in 2021  or 35% of the global art market).The UK's art auction turnover rose 8% in 2022 to $2.16 billion  consolidating its third place with 13% of the global art market (vs. $2 billion in 2021  or 12% of global turnover).France's art auction market generated $991 million (6% of global turnover)  down 3% vs. 2021 ($1.02 billion or 6% of the global art market) due to an unfavorable Euro/Dollar exchange rate.Germany continued to grow (+6%) totaling $379 million and accounting for 2.3% of global turnover (vs. $359 million in 2021 or 2.1% of the global market).Italy (-11%) and Japan (+10%) finished 2022 neck and neck with $190 million and $185 million respectively (vs. $211 million for Italy and $167 million for Japan in 2021).Germany posted a new record price for a work of art at auction when Max Beckmann's self-portrait fetched $24.4 million.Japan's art auction market also posted a new record price when a work by Andy Warhol sold for $20.8 million.Top 10 countries by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover (and market share) in 2022Action Turnover Market share 1 United States $7 339 083 284 44.31 % 2 China (Artron) $3 913 799 723 23.63 % 3 UK $2 156 700 023 13.02 % 4 France $991 549 591 5.99 % 5 Germany $379 443 977 2.29 % 6 Italy $190 674 079 1.15 % 7 Japan $185 463 014 1.12 % 8 Switzerland $154 773 773 0.93 % 9 South Korea $139 234 350 0.84 % 10 Australia $118 278 877 0.71 %Auction Houses and CollectionsIn 2022  Christie's set a historic new record for its Fine Art & NFT auction activities around the world with a total turnover of $5.8 billion in twelve months (compared with $4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's was the world's second-largest fine art auctioneer with $3.9 billion (compared to $4.4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's may have taken second place behind Christie's in New York  London  and Paris  but it dominated in Hong Kong and Milan in 2022.Having hammered 35% and 24% of global art auction turnover respectively  Christie's and Sotheby's accounted for more than half of the total global value of the secondary art market. In 2021 they accounted for 23% and 26% respectively).On 9 and 10 November 2022  the Paul G. Allen Collection became the most expensive collection of all time  generating $1.6 billion at Christie's in New York.New York was also carried by sales of collections belonging to Anne H. Bass  Thomas Ammann  and David M. Solinger  amongst others.The fine art elements in Hubert de Givenchy's Collection took $59 million at Christie's in Paris.China Guardian was the leading Chinese auction house with $362 million (compared with $677 million in 2021).Artcurial ($92 million in 2022 vs. $91 million in 2021) was the leading fine art auctioneer in France.Principal marketplaces by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover in 2022Infographic - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2032674/Artmarket_2.jpgArtworks and artists by periodOld Masters (artists born before 1759)In 2022  Artworks by Old Masters represented 11% of the total number of art lots sold at auction throughout the world and 7% of the year's global art auction turnover (versus 11% of lots sold and 9% of turnover in 2021).In January and November of 2022  two Botticelli paintings exceeded $40 million in New York.In France  a still life by Jean-Baptiste Siméon Chardin and a drawing by Michelangelo sold for $27 million and $24 million respectively.19th Century Art (artists born between 1760 and 1859)In 2022  works by 19th Century artists accounted for 10% of all the lots sold during the year and 14% of the total global art auction turnover (vs. 10% of the lots sold and 10% of global turnover in 2021).The top-3 results for this period were all hammered in 2022 at over $100 million each.These paintings by Seurat  Cézanne  and Van Gogh were all in the Paul G. Allen Collection.In 2022  Claude Monet was the world's 2nd most successful artist with an annual auction turnover total of $539 million (in 2021 the French artist was 4th with $305 million).Modern Art (artists born between 1860 and 1919)In 2022  Modern Art was the leading segment of the art auction market accounting for 35% of its lots sold and 37% of its value (vs. 37% of lots sold and 37% of turnover in 2021).Pablo Picasso was the third most popular artist of the year at auction  generating $494 million (In 2021  he was the most popular with $672 million).Gustav Klimt's Birch Forest (1903) became the 10th most expensive Modern artwork ever sold at auction when it fetched $104 million.With no less than 30 million-plus auction results (in USD) during 2022  René Magritte ended the year among the world's five top-selling artists.Magritte's The Empire of Light (1961) fetched the year's best Modern Art auction result at $79 million in London.Zhang Daqian's Landscape after Wang Ximeng (1947) fetched the Chinese art auction market's best result in 2022 at $47 million.Two photographs set new world records for that medium: one by Man Ray at $12.4 million and the other by Edward Steichen at $11.8 million.Post-War Art (artists born between 1920 and 1944)Post-War Art accounted for 26% of lots sold and 26% of overall turnover (25% of lots sold and 23% of turnover in 2021).Andy Warhol was the most successful artist of the year at auction  with 2 160 lots sold generating $590 million (he was 3rd in 2021 with $348 million).Warhol's Shot Sage Blue Marilyn (1964) becomes the second most expensive work of all time when it fetched $195 million.Lucian Freud's Large Interior  W11 (1981/83) fetched a new auction record for the artist at $86 million.Gerhard Richter was the top-selling living artist of the year at auction with a total turnover of $226 million ($246 million in 2021).Three Alighiero Boetti tapestries become the most expensive tapestries ever sold at auction  at more than $5 million each.Yayoi Kusama was the only woman in the top 10 artists: In 2022  900 of her lots sold generating a total of $195 million (vs. 778 lots sold for $178 million in 2021).Contemporary Art (artists born after 1945)Contemporary Art sales accounted for 18% of lots sold and 16% of global auction turnover.Jean-Michel Basquiat dropped to 7th place in the Artprice ranking with an annual turnover of $221 million (he was 2nd in 2021 with $439 million).Jeff Koons' sculpture Jim Beam (1986) sold for $17 million in 2022 but was worth $33 million in 2014.Yoshitomo Nara marked Hong Kong auctions when Oddly Cozy (2013) fetched $14.3 million.Ultra-Contemporary Art (artists under 40)Two works by Matthew Wong and a painting by Avery Singer crossed the $5 million threshold at auction.Artist Ayoko Rokkaku (1982) ranked 75th in Artprice's global ranking with $32 million (she was 97th in 2021 with $21.5 million).Flora Yukhnovich (1990) generated $14.6 million with a new personal best of $3.6 million.Njideka. A. Crosby's The Beautyful Ones (2012) sold for $4.7 million in 2022 versus $3.1 million in 2017.Anna Weyant set a new auction record for a woman artist under 30 at $1.6 million.Refik Anadol (1985) elicited the best price of the year for an NFT when his Living Architecture: Casa Batlló (2022) fetched $1.4 million (compared to an NFT record price of $69.4 million for Beeple in 2021).In conclusion  somewhat counter-intuitively – given the current geopolitical and economic context – the art market has in fact demonstrated insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for artworks from all artistic periods in a large number of the market's key hubs. Primary indicators of the art market's health  we have not seen any cancellations of Classic and/or Prestige cataloged sales in 2022 or 2023.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that the art market is a solid safe haven investment  as proved by the Artprice100© index  which clearly outperformed traditional stock market indices last year. This current period of uncertainty on the stock markets therefore also redirects new funds and investments into the art market.Artprice had already noted that during the main crises of the recent past – the Nasdaq crash in 2000  the nine-eleven attacks in 2001 September  the Afghan war in 2001  the Iraq war in 2003  the subprime and CDS crisis in 2007  the negative interest rates era that began in 2011 and the Covid 2019 crisis – the art market was less impacted than the financial markets and the overall economy.As proof  a new page in the history of auctions has just been turned: the highly-anticipated dispersion of the art collection acquired by Paul G. Allen – who founded Microsoft along with Bill Gates in 1975 – was the first-ever private collection to take over $1 billion at auction  generating a staggering total of $1.62 billion with five works selling for prices substantially above the $100 million threshold at Christie's New York.Thanks to Christie's and Sotheby's remarkably well-conducted sales of exceptional American collections  the year 2022 became a significant milestone in the history of public auctions.Neither the war on European soil nor fears of an economic recession have not got the better of the art market.As regards 2023  in view of the initial results and the anticipated uptick in China's art auction activity after the end of its zero-COVID policy  the outlook is distinctly positive.Images:[https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image1-global-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover.png] [https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image2-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2022.png]Copyright 1987-2023 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.comfor your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.com Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo(free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo Subscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket.com is owned by Server Group  which is the main shareholder and founder.Artmarket.com is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 810 000 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6500 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million 'members log in' users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket's Global Art Market Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  published in March 2023:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comIndex of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 6.1 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4.2 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  ir@artmarket.comLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgSOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.18,0.49,True,English,"['Western art auction turnover', 'art auction transactions', 'The Art Market', '26th annual report', 'Artmarket.com', 'United States', 'first place', 'record number', 'Artprice', '16% increase', 'world', 'Chinese state publishing partner', 'fine art auction turnover total', 'overall art price index', 'NFT auction turnover Infographic', 'global art market reports', 'average auction price', 'median auction price', 'The Artprice100© index', 'Western auction turnover', 'anonymous cultural property', 'ongoing negative impacts', 'physical auction rooms', 'consultable online document', 'global art auction', 'Global Fine Art', 'art market professionals', 'art auction market', 'new historic level', 'Top 100 fine art', '26th Annual Report', 'The Art Market', 'zero-COVID health policy', 'The United States', 'global turnover', '2022 Art Market', 'auction houses', 'Contemporary Art', 'global analysis', 'Global synopsis', 'The UK', 'zero-COVID policy', 'NFT works', '$10.9 billion total', '1,682 fine artworks', '1,709 fine artworks', 'Top 500 Artists', 'new high', 'New York', 'public sales', 'US dollars', 'Principal marketplaces', 'previous year', 'substantial rebound', 'fiercer competition', 'fierce competition', 'other elements', 'famous rankings', 'increasing reliance', 'five continents', '20th century', 'Thierry Ehrmann', 'spectacular proportions', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'live-stream sales', 'three years', 'three languages', 'downloadable PDF', 'sharp fall', 'blue-chip artists', 'S&P 500', 'symbolic threshold', '$1 million threshold', 'pole position', 'third place', 'Artmarket report', 'Artmarket.com', 'Six artworks', 'public auctions', 'modern world', 'sharp 34% contraction', 'Such figures', 'COVID pandemic', 'unsold lots', '1 NFT', '3.1% contraction', '705,000 lots', '158,000 lots', '140,000 lots', 'PARIS', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'paintings', 'sculptures', 'drawings', 'photographs', 'printmaking', 'videos', 'installations', 'tapestries', 'NFTs', 'antiques', 'furniture', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'prices', 'results', 'buyer', 'fees', '$ sign', 'history', 'end', '16% increase', 'China', 'government', 'collaboration', 'Artron', 'dematerialization', 'Internet', 'reality', 'CEO', 'founder', 'migration', '2,700% increase', 'advertising', '810% increase', 'publication', 'charge', 'full', 'artprice-reports', 'art-market', 'lart', 'Mandarin', 'volume', 'transactions', '5/Artmarket', 'France']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.co.uk
20532,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MERSEN-9632901/news/Mersen-A-record-year-in-2022-43243386/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Mersen: A record year in 2022,(marketscreener.com)   Sales pass the €1 billion mark  reaching €1.1 billion    2022 guidance exceeded   2022 net income up by a sharp 27% to €74 million   Increase in ROCE amid significant investment   Solid financial structure: leverage of 1.3…,"Mersen: A record year in 2022 03/14/2023 | 01:17pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Sales pass the €1 billion mark  reaching €1.1 billion (organic growth of 15%)2022 guidance exceeded2022 net income up by a sharp 27% to €74 millionIncrease in ROCE (12.5% vs. 10.8% in 2021) amid significant investmentSolid financial structure: leverage of 1.36x25% increase in proposed 2022 cash dividend to €1.25 per shareA new dimension by 2027 with sales of around €1.7 billion and an ambitious investment plan to support this growthParis  March 14  2023 - Mersen (Euronext FR0000039620 - MRN)  a global expert in electrical power and advanced materials  has released its consolidated results for the year ended December 31  2022. The Board of Directors met on March 14  2023 and approved the audited 2022 financial statements for publication. Luc Themelin  Mersen's Chief Executive Officer  said:""We achieved a record performance in 2022  meeting or exceeding all of our targets - which we had already revised upward during the year. We also made tangible progress in our CSR commitments: for example  we achieved a significant reduction in the intensity of our greenhouse gas emissions and a higher proportion of the Group's engineers and managers are now women. This is the result of the strategy deployed in recent years to position the Group in dynamic and sustainable markets while adapting our organizational structure to tomorrow's challenges. With these very good results  the Group will propose to its shareholders a 25% increase in dividend. These successes represent only one step in the Group's strategy. The rapid take-up of electric vehicles in the automotive market represents a tremendous opportunity for the Group to leverage its two main areas of expertise in advanced materials and electrical protection. Upstream  Mersen is a key player in the manufacture of new silicon carbide power semiconductors  and downstream  the Group has developed two product lines dedicated to the connection and protection of electric vehicle batteries. With its expertise and global presence  Mersen is ideally positioned to support its customers as these markets enter an acceleration phase. The Group will invest nearly €400 million over the next few years to boost its capacity at certain plants and pursue bolt-on acquisitions. The Group will also continue to be a key player in solar and wind energy. Mersen is therefore changing dimension and setting new medium-term goals that are much more ambitious than those in its previous plan. By 2027  the Group is now aiming for sales of around €1.7 billion  with nearly half of this amount generated in the renewable energy  semiconductor  and electric vehicle markets. The success of all these ambitious projects will depend on the high level of commitment and expertise of Mersen's employees  and I would like to take this opportunity to thank them wholeheartedly in advance.""The Group's results for 2022 will be presented on March 15  2023 at 10:00 a.m. CET. The conference will be broadcastedin French with a simultaneous translation in English. To join the webcast  click on the following link: 2022 full year results Key Figures 2022 2021 Sales (€m) 1 115 923 Operating margin before non-recurring items 10.9% 10.0% Recurring EBITDA margin 16.7% 16.1% Net income attributable to Mersen shareholders (€m) 67.7 54.4 ROCE 12.5% 10.8% Leverage 1.36 1.42 Dividend per share (€) 1.25 1.00 For the definitions  please refer to the glossary at the end of this press release. The consolidated financial statements have been audited and the statutory auditors' report is currently being prepared. Activity  EBITDA and operating income before non-recurring items Mersen reported consolidated sales of €1 115 million for full-year 2022  up 15.2% on an organic basis versus 2021  and exceeding the organic growth target of 13%. Approximately 5% of this growth was attributable to price increases. Including the favorable currency effect due primarily to the appreciation of the US dollar and the Chinese renminbi  sales grew by 20.8%. In all  sustainable development markets (including renewable energies  electronics and green transportation) represented 56% of total sales1. Group EBITDA before non-recurring items was 25% higher year on year  at €186.4 million. Recurring EBITDA margin stood at 16.7%  up 60 basis points vs 2021  i.e.  10 basis points above our revised target of a 50-basis point increase. This improvement was largely driven by positive volume and mix effects. Productivity gains and price increases helped offset the higher cost of raw materials  energy and labor. This result also includes production start-up costs at the Columbia site in the United States  R&D expenses related to the Soitec project  and costs related to the creation of a dedicated electric vehicle team  while sales in this market are still limited. Depreciation and amortization increased by €8.6 million due to the major investment program the Group has been implementing since 2018. Operating income before non-recurring items reached €121.6 million  an increase of more than 31.4% on 2021  while the operating margin before non-recurring items expanded by 90 points to 10.9%  slightly above of our target of 10.8%. Advanced Materials segment Advanced Materials sales totaled €622 million  up 17.1% on an organic basis compared with 2021. Renewable energy markets (mainly solar and wind) saw vigorous growth  generating Group sales of over €150 million in the year. The semiconductor market also enjoyed good momentum  buoyed by demand for SiC power semiconductors for electric vehicles  and represented over €110 million in sales in 2022. Growth was also significant for process industries. After a stable first half of the year  chemicals sales accelerated sharply in the second half  leading the business to growth for the year as a whole. The rail and aeronautics markets also expanded compared to the comparative prior-year period when sales had remained weak. The operating margin before non-recurring items for the Advanced Materials segment was 15.8%  up sharply once again from 14.4% in 2021 and 12.1% in 2020. The volume/mix effect was particularly significant  representing nearly 40 basis points. Price increases and productivity gains more than offset inflation in raw material  energy and labor costs. However  higher depreciation and amortization expense and start-up costs for the Columbia plant (United States) had a negative impact of nearly 30 basis points. EBITDA before non-recurring items reached €142.3 million  accounting for 22.9% of sales versus 21.9% in 2021. Electrical Power segment Electrical Power sales reached €493 million for the year  representing organic year-on-year growth of 12.9%. Sales to the US electrical distribution market were particularly robust. And it was a busy year for the electric vehicle market  in terms of prototyping and qualification testing  with sales totaling €20 million for the full year versus €16 million in 2021. Operating margin before non-recurring items for the Electrical Power segment was stable year on year  at 9.0% (9.1% in 2021). The positive volume/mix effect offset the costs of setting up the electric vehicle team and the increase in depreciation and amortization expense. Price increases and productivity gains offset most of the impact of raw material and wage inflation. EBITDA before non-recurring items came to €63.7 million  accounting for 12.9% of sales versus 13.1% in 2021. Net income Net income attributable to Mersen shareholders came in at €67.7 million in 2022  an increase of more than 24% compared with 2021. Non-recurring income and expenses amounted to - €11.4 million and chiefly consisted of non-cash impairment due mainly to the increase in the weighted average cost of capital. Net financial expense was - €12.9 million  an increase compared to 2021 due to the unfavorable impacts of hyperinflation in Turkey and the appreciation of the US dollar over the period. Income tax expense was €23.0 million  corresponding to an effective tax rate of 24% (21% excluding the impact of impairment losses recognized for the Anticorrosion Equipment business)  in line with the tax rate in 2021 (24%). Income from non-controlling interests (€6.7 million) essentially included Mersen Yantai (China) and Mersen Galaxy (China)  in which Mersen holds a 60% stake. Cash and net debt The Group generated strong cash flow from operating activities (€105.5 million) despite a negative change in working capital requirement of €63.2 million. The change came amid robust business growth  which in turn led to an increase in inventories and trade receivables. The Group also increased its raw material and component inventories to secure its supply chain  and built up significant inventories at its Columbia plant to manage the production start-up. The WCR ratio represented 20.7% of sales versus 19.4% of sales in 2021. This percentage includes a significant amount of provisioned  unpaid bonuses in both 2022 and 2021. Income tax paid represented an outlay of €12.1 million  down sharply from 2021  as the Group benefited from accelerated tax depreciation in the United States linked to investments made at its Columbia site. Investments in intangible assets totaled €97.2 million in 2022  higher than the amount forecast at the start of the year in view of the strong outlook in certain Group markets. Over 30% of these investments concerned the maintenance  upkeep and modernization of plants and equipment. The other major projects comprised the ramp-up in industrial operations at the Columbia plant (United States) with the start-up of the extruded and isostatic graphite production lines  as well as the relocation and expansion of the site in South Korea for the semiconductor industry  and projects to improve the environment and safety of plants. Investments in intangible assets are related to the plan to digitize and modernize information systems and represented €6 million. The Group also sold industrial assets for an amount of €10 million. Consequently  net debt at end-2022 stood at €240.6 million  higher than at the end of 2021 (€193.2 million) and the Group maintained its solid financial structure. Return on capital employed (ROCE) was up sharply at 12.5%  from 10.8% in 2021  amid significant investment. Financial structure The Group maintained a solid financial structure in 2022 with leverage of 1.36x and gearing of 33%. It even managed to strengthen its financial structure during the year by refinancing its syndicated credit facility ahead of its July 2024 maturity. No significant repayment milestones are expected before 2026. Dividend At the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 16  2023  the Board of Directors will ask shareholders to approve the payment of a €1.25 per share cash dividend. This would result in a total distribution of around €26 million  corresponding to 33% of net income attributable to Mersen shareholders (restated to reflect impairment losses recognized for the Anticorrosion Equipment business). This payout ratio is in line with Group policy (between 30% and 40% of attributable net income). The dividend payment date will be July 6  2023. 2023 objectives Given current market momentum  the Group expects: continued strong demand in the SiC semiconductor market;growth in the electric vehicle market;moderate growth in the solar market  as the Group voluntarily opted to limit its production capacity in China for this segment;limited growth in the rail market  due to the still limited number of projects in Asia;a continuing rebound in aeronautics  which should be near 2019 levels;moderate growth in the chemicals market;growth depending on macro-economic trends for process industries. To keep pace with accelerating customer demand in the electric vehicle and semiconductor markets  and as part of its new 2027 plan  the Group will ramp up its investments in 2023. More specifically  it will continue to increase graphite production capacity at the Columbia site (United States)  invest in high-performance automated production lines to meet demand from ACC  and launch an ambitious plant expansion and new equipment program to serve the SiC semiconductor market. The Group will also continue to strengthen its dedicated electric vehicle teams to handle the gradual scaling up of component production (fuses and busbars)  albeit with limited sales in 2023. Energy and labor costs are expected to increase significantly  but should be partially offset by price increases and the continued deployment of the Group's operational excellence plans. Moreover  as the Group accelerates its investment program  depreciation and amortization will increase significantly. Consequently  in 2023  the Group is aiming for: organic growth of between 5% and 10%;operating margin before non-recurring items of between 10.5% and 11% of sales;capital expenditure of between €150 million and €200 million. 2027 medium-term plan In March 2022  the Group announced an ambitious 2025 plan to reach sales of around €1.2 billion  an operating margin before non-recurring items of at least 11%  EBITDA margin representing at least 17.5% of sales and ROCE of at least 12%. Mersen is now setting more ambitious medium-term objectives with 2027 as the new time horizon. These new goals stem from the outperformance achieved over the past two years (especially in renewable energies) and from accelerating demand in semiconductors and electric vehicles. Four markets representing 27% of sales in 2022 (SiC semiconductors  Si semiconductors  electric vehicles and renewable energies) are expected to generate around 45% of consolidated sales in 2027  with average annual growth of more than 20%. This momentum is being driven by the following: The Group has developed expertise in advanced materials that are essential to the manufacturing process of silicon carbide semiconductors . It is working with key players in the sector to support their growth  sometimes based around major multi-year contracts. Mersen is also continuing its strategic partnership with Soitec to develop a new range of substrates for the electric vehicle market.. It is working with key players in the sector to support their growth  sometimes based around major multi-year contracts. Mersen is also continuing its strategic partnership with Soitec to develop a new range of substrates for the electric vehicle market. In the silicon semiconductor market  the Group is positioned on the most sophisticated stages of the manufacturing process (ALD  ion implant) and will reap the benefits of its major ongoing investments in this market.market  the Group is positioned on the most sophisticated stages of the manufacturing process (ALD  ion implant) and will reap the benefits of its major ongoing investments in this market. For several years  Mersen's growth strategy in the electric vehicle market has involved reinforcing its teams  qualifying its sites on the 3 continents to automotive standards and entering into partnerships with automotive stakeholders. More specifically  it has signed a first agreement with battery manufacturer ACC and will be focusing over the coming years on the battery protection market  with a complete range of fuses.market has involved reinforcing its teams  qualifying its sites on the 3 continents to automotive standards and entering into partnerships with automotive stakeholders. More specifically  it has signed a first agreement with battery manufacturer ACC and will be focusing over the coming years on the battery protection market  with a complete range of fuses. The Group is a major supplier across the entire solar photovoltaics value chain. In 2022  it exceeded the €100 million sales target it had initially planned to achieve by 2025. The Group will limit its solar production capacity in China in order to balance its production base more effectively between its different local end-markets. The Group will continue to leverage its extensive expertise  global leadership position  international footprint and historical relationships with leading players to drive its growth in other markets (rail  aeronautics  corrosive chemicals  heat treatment  glass  etc.)  where it expects to achieve average annual organic growth of 3%. The Group's performance over the period will benefit from the expected volume effect  which should absorb higher depreciation and amortization expenses. In addition  Mersen's positioning as a provider of customized high-tech solutions could give it the pricing power necessary to offset possible impacts of inflation. The Group will deploy a targeted investment plan to support this growth  representing approximately €300 million for the 2023-2025 period  in addition to around €100 million for bolt-on acquisitions. These investments will focus on boosting isostatic graphite and insulation felt production capacity  expanding four plants in Advanced Materials and enlarging three plants dedicated to fuses for electric vehicle market and one for busbars manufacturing in France. These new projects will quickly begin producing a return on investment with projected ROCE of between 12.5% and 15.5% by 2027. Thanks to this growth model and the momentum in sustainable markets  Mersen will reach a new dimension by 2027  with nearly 45% of its sales generated in the buoyant markets listed above. By 2027  the Group is aiming for: sales of around €1.7 billion;operating margin before non-recurring items of 12% of sales. This margin may vary by +/-50 basis points;recurring EBITDA margin of 19% of sales. This margin may vary by +/-50 basis points;ROCE of 13%  which may vary by +/-50 basis points. To accelerate its growth plan  while maintaining financial and strategic flexibility  Mersen may decide to increase its financing capacity by around €100 million. In addition to cash generated by the Group and undrawn credit facilities  Mersen is currently looking at the best financing options  including a capital increase  bank borrowings or hybrid financing. In the event of any decision to use equity financing  the Company's shareholders will be given priority. The Group will choose the most appropriate solution and timeline based on market conditions. [1] This definition does not replace those used in the EU Taxonomy Regulation and Delegated Acts. Financial calendar First-quarter 2023 sales: April 25  2023 after the markets close --- ABOUT MERSEN Mersen is a global expert in electrical specialties and advanced materials for high-tech industries. With more than 50 industrial sites and 18 R&D centers in 34 countries around the world  Mersen develops custom-built solutions and delivers key products for clients in order to meet the new technological challenges shaping tomorrow's world. For over 130 years  Mersen has focused tirelessly on innovation to accompany its clients and meet their needs. Be it in wind power  solar power  electronics  electric vehicles  aeronautics  space or countless other sectors  wherever technology is progressing  you will always find a bit of Mersen. We work to constantly contribute to progress  striving daily to improve people's lives and protect the planet. This corporate commitment has been recognized by external rating agencies  Ecovadis (Gold Medal) and MSCI (AA rating). The ""Mersen IR"" app  which is specially designed for investors  is available for both iOS and Android devices and can be downloaded from Apple's App Store or Google Play on your smartphone or tablet.You can also scan the QR code below: INVESTOR AND ANALYST CONTACTVéronique BocaVP  Communication MersenTel. + 33 (0)1 46 91 54 40Email: dri@mersen.com MEDIA RELATIONSGuillaume Maujean / Alexia GachetBrunswickTel.: +33 (0)6 33 06 55 93Email: mersen@brunswickgroup.com Glossary Average capital employed: Average capital employed for the last three half-year periods.Capital expenditure: Sum of investments in property  plant and equipment and changes in amounts due to suppliers of non-current assets.EBITDA before non-recurring items: Operating income before non-recurring items  depreciation and amortization.Gearing: Covenant Net debt divided by equity.Leverage: Covenant Net debt divided by covenant EBITDA.Net debt: Sum of long- and medium-term borrowings  current financial liabilities and current bank loans  less current financial assets  cash and cash equivalents.Organic growth: Determined by comparing sales for the year with sales for the previous year  restated at the current year's exchange rate  excluding acquisitions and/or disposals.Payout ratio: Ratio of dividend per share proposed for the year to earnings per share for the year  calculated based on the number of ordinary shares excluding treasury shares at year-end.Recurring EBITDA margin: EBITDA before non-recurring items divided by sales.ROCE: Return on capital employed: operating income before non-recurring items for the last 12 months divided by average capital employed.WCR: Working capital requirement: sum of trade receivables  inventories  contract assets and other operating receivables  less trade payables  contract liabilities and other operating payables.WCR ratio: Working capital requirement divided by sales for the last quarter  multiplied by four. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Mersen SA published this content on 14 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 14 March 2023 17:15:06 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about MERSEN 12:37p Global markets live: SVB  Credit Suisse  Blackstone  Tesla... 03/14 Mersen : A record year in 2022 PU 03/14 Mersen : Résultats annuels 2022 PU 03/14 Mersen : a major contract with Wolfspeed PU 03/14 Global markets live: United Airlines  Signature Bank  Blackstone  Fi.. 03/14 Mersen S.A. Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI 03/12 Save The Date : 2022 Full Year Results PU 03/09 Mersen : announces its entry into the SBF 120 index PU 03/09 Mersen : entry into the SBF 120 index PU 02/21 Mersen : at Viva Fabrica in Lyon  France PU",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['record year', 'Mersen', 'new silicon carbide power semiconductors', 'dedicated electric vehicle team', 'electric vehicle batteries', 'new medium-term goals', 'multiple email addresses', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'two main areas', 'two product lines', ""statutory auditors' report"", 'favorable currency effect', 'R&D expenses', 'major investment program', 'electric vehicle markets', 'Solid financial structure', 'production start-up costs', 'sustainable development markets', 'ambitious investment plan', 'Recurring EBITDA margin', 'Required fields Sales', 'consolidated financial statements', '50-basis point increase', '2022 full year results', 'organic growth target', 'electrical power', '2022 financial statements', 'electric vehicles', 'new dimension', 'sustainable markets', 'significant investment', '1,115 923 Operating margin', 'recurring items', 'organizational structure', 'previous plan', 'ambitious projects', 'consolidated results', '€1 billion mark', '2022 net income', 'Euronext FR0000039620', 'global expert', 'advanced materials', 'Luc Themelin', 'record performance', 'tangible progress', 'CSR commitments', 'significant reduction', 'higher proportion', 'good results', 'one step', 'rapid take-up', 'key player', 'global presence', 'acceleration phase', 'high level', 'simultaneous translation', 'following link', 'Key Figures', 'press release', 'operating income', 'price increases', 'US dollar', 'Chinese renminbi', 'renewable energies', 'green transportation', 'positive volume', 'mix effects', 'Productivity gains', 'higher cost', 'raw materials', 'Columbia site', 'United States', 'Soitec project', 'consolidated sales', 'organic basis', 'wind energy', 'renewable energy', 'record year', 'Group EBITDA', 'First name', '2022 cash dividend', 'recent years', 'automotive market', 'tremendous opportunity', 'electrical protection', 'total sales', 'The Group', 'Mersen shareholders', '25% increase', '60 basis', 'commas', 'Message', '2022 guidance', 'ROCE', 'leverage', '1.36x', 'Paris', 'March', 'MRN', 'Board', 'Directors', 'publication', 'targets', 'example', 'intensity', 'engineers', 'managers', 'strategy', 'dynamic', 'tomorrow', 'challenges', 'successes', 'expertise', 'manufacture', 'connection', 'customers', 'capacity', 'plants', 'acquisitions', 'solar', 'half', 'amount', 'employees', '10:00 a', 'conference', 'French', 'English', 'webcast', 'definitions', 'glossary', 'Activity', 'full-year', 'appreciation', 'electronics', 'improvement', 'labor', 'creation', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', '2021']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20533,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARTMARKET-COM-5174/news/Artmarket-com-Artprice-by-Artmarket-com-publishes-its-26th-annual-report-The-Art-Market-in-20-43242071/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Artmarket.com :  Artprice by Artmarket.com publishes its 26th annual report. The Art Market in 2022 reveals a 16% increase in Western art auction turnover as the United States regained its first place and the world posted a record number of art auction transactions,(marketscreener.com)  Artprice's 26th Annual Report  “The Art Market in 2022”  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs   and covers the…,"Artprice's 26th Annual Report  “The Art Market in 2022”  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs (excluding antiques  anonymous cultural property and furniture)  and covers the period between 1 January and 31 December 2022.All prices indicated in this Artprice by Artmarket report refer to results from public auctions  including buyer's fees. All uses of the $ sign refer to US dollars.The results of the 2022 Art Market are excellent  despite the pandemic which will remain etched in the history of the modern world and which fortunately seems to be coming to an end.Despite ongoing negative impacts from the pandemic  the figures show a 16% increase in Western auction turnover compared with the previous year (2021).In China  the government's zero-COVID policy caused a sharp 34% contraction in fine art auction turnover to $3.9 billion versus $5.9 billion in 2021.However  art market professionals are expecting a very substantial rebound in China's art market in 2023 and much fiercer competition with the United States.As part of their collaboration to produce truly global art market reports  Artprice  and its Chinese state publishing partner  Artron  are monitoring this fierce competition very closely.In this report  Artprice presents  among other elements  its famous rankings  including the Top 500 Artists by fine art and NFT auction turnover in 2022  and the Top 100 fine art and NFT works sold at auction in 2022.The dematerialization of the art market and its increasing reliance on the Internet is today a reality on all five continents of the world  a reality that will eventually relegate physical auction rooms to the history of the 20th century.According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and founder of Artprice  “the migration to the Internet of auction houses has taken on spectacular proportions with  on the one hand  a 2 700% increase in the advertising of auctions on the Internet and  on the other hand  and 810% increase in the live-stream sales over the three years of the COVID pandemic. Such figures were generally not expected before 2025-2027”.Artprice by Artmarket is pleased to announce the publication of its 26th annual report “The Art Market in 2022”  available free of charge  in full and in three languages  both as a consultable online document and as a downloadable PDF:www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022English: https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/the-art-market-in-2022.pdfFrench: https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/le-marche-de-lart-en-2022.pdfMandarin: https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/zh-the-art-market-in-2022.pdfGlobal synopsisIn the West  fine art auction turnover reached a new high at $12.6 billion  up 16% versus the $10.9 billion total in 2021.Including China  the global art auction market totaled $16.56 billion versus $17.08 billion in 2021  a 3.1% contraction primarily due to the sharp fall in China's turnover (-34%) as a result of its zero-COVID policy.The volume of transactions reached a new historic level with 705 000 lots sold  compared to 672 000 in 2021.The proportion of unsold lots progressed from 31% in 2021 to 35% in 2022  suggesting the market became slightly more selective.The average auction price for artworks was $23 500 in 2022 compared with $25 730 in 2021.The median auction price was $760 in 2022 versus $930 in 2021.In 2022  80% of the artworks sold for less than $4 500 at auction (versus $4 800 in 2021).The overall art price index fell by -18% between 1 January and 31 December 2022.The Artprice100© index of blue-chip artists was up 3% over 2022 vs. -19% for the S&P 500.Contemporary Art accounted for 16% of the art market compared with 20% in 2021 and only 3% in 2000.Six artworks crossed the symbolic threshold of $100 million  all in New York  compared with just one in 2021.In 2022  a total of 1 682 fine artworks plus 1 NFT crossed the $1 million threshold compared with 1 709 fine artworks plus 25 NFTs in 2021.Global Fine Art & NFT auction turnover[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image1-global-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover.png ]The United States in pole positionIn 2022  the United States posted its best-ever fine art auction turnover total with 158 000 lots generating $7.34 billion  representing 44% of the global art market (compared with 140 000 lots and $5.8 billion  representing 34% of the global art market in 2021).Paralyzed by its zero-COVID health policy  China generated only $3.91 billion  or 24% of the global art market (vs. $5.9 billion in 2021  or 35% of the global art market).The UK's art auction turnover rose 8% in 2022 to $2.16 billion  consolidating its third place with 13% of the global art market (vs. $2 billion in 2021  or 12% of global turnover).France's art auction market generated $991 million (6% of global turnover)  down 3% vs. 2021 ($1.02 billion or 6% of the global art market) due to an unfavorable Euro/Dollar exchange rate.Germany continued to grow (+6%) totaling $379 million and accounting for 2.3% of global turnover (vs. $359 million in 2021 or 2.1% of the global market).Italy (-11%) and Japan (+10%) finished 2022 neck and neck with $190 million and $185 million respectively (vs. $211 million for Italy and $167 million for Japan in 2021).Germany posted a new record price for a work of art at auction when Max Beckmann's self-portrait fetched $24.4 million.Japan's art auction market also posted a new record price when a work by Andy Warhol sold for $20.8 million.Top 10 countries by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover (and market share) in 2022Action Turnover Market share1 United States $7 339 083 284 44.31 %2 China (Artron) $3 913 799 723 23.63 %3 UK $2 156 700 023 13.02 %4 France $991 549 591 5.99 %5 Germany $379 443 977 2.29 %6 Italy $190 674 079 1.15 %7 Japan $185 463 014 1.12 %8 Switzerland $154 773 773 0.93 %9 South Korea $139 234 350 0.84 %10 Australia $118 278 877 0.71 %Auction Houses and CollectionsIn 2022  Christie's set a historic new record for its Fine Art & NFT auction activities around the world with a total turnover of $5.8 billion in twelve months (compared with $4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's was the world's second-largest fine art auctioneer with $3.9 billion (compared to $4.4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's may have taken second place behind Christie's in New York  London  and Paris  but it dominated in Hong Kong and Milan in 2022.Having hammered 35% and 24% of global art auction turnover respectively  Christie's and Sotheby's accounted for more than half of the total global value of the secondary art market. In 2021 they accounted for 23% and 26% respectively).On 9 and 10 November 2022  the Paul G. Allen Collection became the most expensive collection of all time  generating $1.6 billion at Christie's in New York.New York was also carried by sales of collections belonging to Anne H. Bass  Thomas Ammann  and David M. Solinger  amongst others.The fine art elements in Hubert de Givenchy's Collection took $59 million at Christie's in Paris.China Guardian was the leading Chinese auction house with $362 million (compared with $677 million in 2021).Artcurial ($92 million in 2022 vs. $91 million in 2021) was the leading fine art auctioneer in France.Principal marketplaces by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover in 2022[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image2-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2022.png ]Artworks and artists by periodOld Masters (artists born before 1759)In 2022  Artworks by Old Masters represented 11% of the total number of art lots sold at auction throughout the world and 7% of the year's global art auction turnover (versus 11% of lots sold and 9% of turnover in 2021).In January and November of 2022  two Botticelli paintings exceeded $40 million in New York.In France  a still life by Jean-Baptiste Siméon Chardin and a drawing by Michelangelo sold for $27 million and $24 million respectively.19th Century Art (artists born between 1760 and 1859)In 2022  works by 19th Century artists accounted for 10% of all the lots sold during the year and 14% of the total global art auction turnover (vs. 10% of the lots sold and 10% of global turnover in 2021).The top-3 results for this period were all hammered in 2022 at over $100 million each.These paintings by Seurat  Cézanne  and Van Gogh were all in the Paul G. Allen Collection.In 2022  Claude Monet was the world's 2nd most successful artist with an annual auction turnover total of $539 million (in 2021 the French artist was 4th with $305 million).Modern Art (artists born between 1860 and 1919)In 2022  Modern Art was the leading segment of the art auction market accounting for 35% of its lots sold and 37% of its value (vs. 37% of lots sold and 37% of turnover in 2021).Pablo Picasso was the third most popular artist of the year at auction  generating $494 million (In 2021  he was the most popular with $672 million).Gustav Klimt's Birch Forest (1903) became the 10th most expensive Modern artwork ever sold at auction when it fetched $104 million.With no less than 30 million-plus auction results (in USD) during 2022  René Magritte ended the year among the world's five top-selling artists.Magritte's The Empire of Light (1961) fetched the year's best Modern Art auction result at $79 million in London.Zhang Daqian's Landscape after Wang Ximeng (1947) fetched the Chinese art auction market's best result in 2022 at $47 million.Two photographs set new world records for that medium: one by Man Ray at $12.4 million and the other by Edward Steichen at $11.8 million.Post-War Art (artists born between 1920 and 1944)Post-War Art accounted for 26% of lots sold and 26% of overall turnover (25% of lots sold and 23% of turnover in 2021).Andy Warhol was the most successful artist of the year at auction  with 2 160 lots sold generating $590 million (he was 3rd in 2021 with $348 million).Warhol's Shot Sage Blue Marilyn (1964) becomes the second most expensive work of all time when it fetched $195 million.Lucian Freud's Large Interior  W11 (1981/83) fetched a new auction record for the artist at $86 million.Gerhard Richter was the top-selling living artist of the year at auction with a total turnover of $226 million ($246 million in 2021).Three Alighiero Boetti tapestries become the most expensive tapestries ever sold at auction  at more than $5 million each.Yayoi Kusama was the only woman in the top 10 artists: In 2022  900 of her lots sold generating a total of $195 million (vs. 778 lots sold for $178 million in 2021).Contemporary Art (artists born after 1945)Contemporary Art sales accounted for 18% of lots sold and 16% of global auction turnover.Jean-Michel Basquiat dropped to 7th place in the Artprice ranking with an annual turnover of $221 million (he was 2nd in 2021 with $439 million).Jeff Koons' sculpture Jim Beam (1986) sold for $17 million in 2022 but was worth $33 million in 2014.Yoshitomo Nara marked Hong Kong auctions when Oddly Cozy (2013) fetched $14.3 million.Ultra-Contemporary Art (artists under 40)Two works by Matthew Wong and a painting by Avery Singer crossed the $5 million threshold at auction.Artist Ayoko Rokkaku (1982) ranked 75th in Artprice's global ranking with $32 million (she was 97th in 2021 with $21.5 million).Flora Yukhnovich (1990) generated $14.6 million with a new personal best of $3.6 million.Njideka. A. Crosby's The Beautyful Ones (2012) sold for $4.7 million in 2022 versus $3.1 million in 2017.Anna Weyant set a new auction record for a woman artist under 30 at $1.6 million.Refik Anadol (1985) elicited the best price of the year for an NFT when his Living Architecture: Casa Batlló (2022) fetched $1.4 million (compared to an NFT record price of $69.4 million for Beeple in 2021).In conclusion  somewhat counter-intuitively – given the current geopolitical and economic context – the art market has in fact demonstrated insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for artworks from all artistic periods in a large number of the market's key hubs. Primary indicators of the art market's health  we have not seen any cancellations of Classic and/or Prestige cataloged sales in 2022 or 2023.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that the art market is a solid safe haven investment  as proved by the Artprice100© index  which clearly outperformed traditional stock market indices last year. This current period of uncertainty on the stock markets therefore also redirects new funds and investments into the art market.Artprice had already noted that during the main crises of the recent past – the Nasdaq crash in 2000  the nine-eleven attacks in 2001 September  the Afghan war in 2001  the Iraq war in 2003  the subprime and CDS crisis in 2007  the negative interest rates era that began in 2011 and the Covid 2019 crisis – the art market was less impacted than the financial markets and the overall economy.As proof  a new page in the history of auctions has just been turned: the highly-anticipated dispersion of the art collection acquired by Paul G. Allen – who founded Microsoft along with Bill Gates in 1975 – was the first-ever private collection to take over $1 billion at auction  generating a staggering total of $1.62 billion with five works selling for prices substantially above the $100 million threshold at Christie's New York.Thanks to Christie's and Sotheby's remarkably well-conducted sales of exceptional American collections  the year 2022 became a significant milestone in the history of public auctions.Neither the war on European soil nor fears of an economic recession have not got the better of the art market.As regards 2023  in view of the initial results and the anticipated uptick in China's art auction activity after the end of its zero-COVID policy  the outlook is distinctly positive.Images:[ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image1-global-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover.png ] [ https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image2-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2022.png ]Copyright 1987-2023 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to c ontact our E conometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.comTry our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demoSubscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket.com is owned by Server Group  which is the main shareholder and founder.Artmarket.com is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 810 000 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6500 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million 'members log in' users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket's Global Art Market Report  “The Art Market in 2022”  published in March 2023:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comIndex of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 6.1 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum “The Abode of Chaos” (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4.2 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: ir@artmarket.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lmlwZZmXlWzGmpppZpZunJKZZmhixWmbZ2mZmGprapyYmp6Sl29haMqcZnBpnmZs- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78916-artprice-by-artmarket-26-th-annual-report-the-art-market-in-2022.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.06,0.61,True,English,"['Western art auction turnover', 'art auction transactions', 'The Art Market', '26th annual report', 'United States', 'first place', 'record number', 'Artmarket.com', 'Artprice', '16% increase', 'world', 'Chinese state publishing partner', 'fine art auction turnover total', 'overall art price index', 'global art market reports', 'The Artprice100© index', 'average auction price', 'median auction price', 'anonymous cultural property', 'ongoing negative impacts', 'consultable online document', 'Western auction turnover', 'physical auction rooms', 'global art auction', 'new historic level', 'art market professionals', '26th Annual Report', 'Global Fine Art', 'art auction market', 'NFT auction turnover', 'The Art Market', 'Top 100 fine art', 'zero-COVID health policy', 'The United States', 'global turnover', '2022 Art Market', 'auction houses', 'The UK', 'Contemporary Art', 'zero-COVID policy', '$10.9 billion total', 'global analysis', 'Global synopsis', 'Top 500 Artists', '1,682 fine artworks', '1,709 fine artworks', 'new high', 'New York', 'NFT works', 'public sales', 'US dollars', 'previous year', 'substantial rebound', 'fiercer competition', 'fierce competition', 'other elements', 'famous rankings', 'increasing reliance', 'five continents', '20th century', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'spectacular proportions', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'live-stream sales', 'three years', 'three languages', 'downloadable PDF', 'sharp fall', 'blue-chip artists', 'S&P 500', 'symbolic threshold', '$1 million threshold', 'pole position', 'third place', 'Artmarket report', 'Artmarket.com', 'Six artworks', 'public auctions', 'modern world', 'sharp 34% contraction', 'Such figures', 'COVID pandemic', 'unsold lots', '1 NFT', '3.1% contraction', '705,000 lots', '158,000 lots', '140,000 lots', 'paintings', 'sculptures', 'drawings', 'photographs', 'printmaking', 'videos', 'installations', 'tapestries', 'NFTs', 'antiques', 'furniture', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'prices', 'results', 'buyer', 'fees', '$ sign', 'history', 'end', '16% increase', 'China', 'government', 'collaboration', 'Artron', 'dematerialization', 'Internet', 'reality', 'CEO', 'founder', 'migration', '2,700% increase', 'advertising', '810% increase', 'publication', 'charge', 'full', 'artprice-reports', 'English', 'art-market', 'marche', 'lart', 'Mandarin', 'volume', 'transactions', 'image', 'nft-auction-turnover', 'France']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20534,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/martell-cognac-and-janelle-monae-spotlight-harlem-renaissance-art-icon-lois-mailou-jones-301771637.html,Martell® Cognac and Janelle Monáe Spotlight Harlem Renaissance Art Icon Loïs Mailou Jones,"Latest Chapter of ""Soar Beyond the Expected"" Brings Modern Day Artists Emonee Larussa  Blue the Great and Sophia Victor Together to Revive Historic Little Paris Group NEW YORK  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Martell  the oldest of the great Cognac houses  pro…","Latest Chapter of ""Soar Beyond the Expected"" Brings Modern Day Artists Emonee Larussa  Blue the Great and Sophia Victor Together to Revive Historic Little Paris GroupNEW YORK  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Martell  the oldest of the great Cognac houses  proudly unveils the latest chapter in its ""Soar Beyond the Expected"" campaign  centered around the remarkable story of prolific artist and pioneer in Black  women's and art history  Loïs Mailou Jones. In a new spot narrated by Martell partner and world-renowned musician  actor and artist  Janelle Monáe  Martell sheds light on Jones' legacy and artwork. While widely celebrated today  in post-war Paris  Jones only entered and received praise by American exhibitions under the guise of a white woman. Nearly 100 years later  Jones' story and life work serves as the inspiration for Martell's latest commitment to empower and uplift the next generation of creatives.Martell x Loïs Mailou Jones with Janelle Monáe Credit: The Loïs Mailou Jones Pierre-Noël TrustLoïs Mailou Jones was the longest-surviving artist of the Harlem Renaissance who attained fame while living in Paris during the 1930s and 1940s. Influenced by the movement  Jones' established a Parisian-style salon upon her stateside return  dubbed 'The Little Paris Group'  where local Black artists and students could thrive creatively  hone their skills and exchange critiques. Often surrounded by influential identities such as presidents  world leaders and prominent figures like Langston Hughes  Josephine Baker and Carter G. Woodson  Jones was a multi-hyphenate talent who championed African American art and the Black Diaspora throughout her decades-long career as a pioneer painter and educator.On March 23rd at The Bishop Gallery   a Black-owned art gallery in Brooklyn  Martell's Little Paris Group will deliver on the mission of Jones' historic salon and resurrect the original Little Paris Group in 2023. The space will follow the same principles that Jones established years ago  alongside mentors of both traditional and modern art disciplines to produce a creative hub that uplifts artists and provides them with a sense of community and artistic advancement.Featuring workshops by leading artists spanning traditional and modern art disciplines  Emonee Larussa  Blue the Great and Sophia Victor  the space is designed to allow up and coming artists to evolve artistically and personally as Jones intended. An archival selection of Loïs Mailou Jones' artworks and artifacts  featuring pieces from throughout her career and historic items from the original Little Paris Group  licensed from The Loïs Mailou Jones Pierre-Noel Trust  will also be on display for artists to draw inspiration.""As an artist myself  I am honored to join Martell in the revival of The Little Paris Group "" said Monáe. Pioneers like Jones have paved the way for many women and artists who walk in similar shoes today. It is important that we shine a spotlight on her experiences and mission to build spaces  like her historic salon  that are designed to uplift and create a dialogue to inspire the future of creativity.""Since the founding of Martell  the cognac producer has been pushing the boundaries of possibility  as embodied by a category first: Martell Blue Swift. As the first cognac house to ship its barrels to America in 1793  Martell is committed to driving positive change and celebrating those – like Jones – who boldly redefine convention to benefit the many instead of conforming to codes that favor the few. In this spirit  the brand is investing in Janelle Monáe's Fem the Future platform  as well as the Restaurant Workers' Community Foundation  to fund projects that continue to advance opportunities and education for BIPOC women.""Like the 'Swift' that adorns each bottle and flies more than 350 miles per day  Martell Blue Swift is crafted for those who soar higher  those who – like Loïs Mailou Jones – have redefined convention and cultivated their own way forward in the face of adversity "" says Charlotte Raux  Senior Brand Manager  Martell Cognac at Pernod Ricard USA. ""The impact of Jones uniquely reminds us that Black History is an important part of Women's History. In honoring and understanding this truth  Martell stands as a brand that celebrates Black History and uplifts all women to soar beyond the expected.""Today  despite the odds  Jones is historically recognized as the longest-surviving artist of the Harlem Renaissance and her works have been acquired by several U.S. museums. Jones' teachings have lived on as she remains an important role model for other African American artists.Aspiring artists aged 21+ in the tri-state area interested in the one-day-only workshops can learn more about how to apply for one of the limited seats by clicking here: www.MartellLittleParisGroup.com. To learn more about Martell or the Little Paris Group  visit https://www.martell.com/en-us or follow at @martellusa on Facebook  Instagram and Twitter.ABOUT MARTELLThe oldest of the great cognac houses  founded by Jean Martell in 1715  Maison Martell is renowned throughout the world for the finesse and elegance of its cognacs  the result of a legacy of savoir-faire handed down through nine generations. Together with a passion for its craft and profound attachment to the terroir  Maison Martell is defined by the audacity with which it has pioneered new expressions – from the icon Martell Cordon Bleu in 1912 to the trailblazing Martell Blue Swift today.ABOUT PERNOD RICARD USAPernod Ricard USA is the premium spirits and wine company in the U.S.  and the largest subsidiary of Paris  France-based Pernod Ricard SA.  the world's second largest spirits and wine company. Pernod Ricard employs approximately 19 000 people worldwide  is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI) and is part of the CAC 40 index. The company's leading spirits include such prestigious brands as Absolut Vodka  Avión Tequila  Chivas Regal Scotch Whisky  The Glenlivet Single Malt Scotch Whisky  Jameson Irish Whiskey  Kahlúa Liqueur  Malibu  Martell Cognac  Olmeca Altos Tequila  Beefeater Gin  Del Maguey Single Village Mezcal  Código Tequila  Monkey 47 Gin  Seagram's Extra Dry Gin  Malfy Gin  Hiram Walker Liqueurs  Midleton Irish Whiskey  Redbreast Irish Whiskey  Aberlour Single Malt Scotch Whisky  Lillet  Jefferson's Bourbon  TX Whiskey  Smooth Ambler Whiskey  Rabbit Hole Whiskey  Pernod and Ricard; such superior wines as Jacob's Creek  Kenwood Vineyards  Campo Viejo and Brancott Estate; and such exquisite champagnes and sparkling wines as Perrier-Jouët Champagne  G.H. Mumm Champagne and Mumm Napa sparkling wines.Pernod Ricard USA is headquartered in New York  New York  and has more than 1 000 employees across the country. As ""creators of conviviality "" we are committed to sustainable and responsible business practices in service of our customers  consumers  employees and the planet. Pernod Ricard USA urges all adults to consume its products responsibly and has an active program to promote responsible drinking. For more information  visit: www.pernod-ricard-usa.com .ABOUT THE BISHOP GALLERYThe Bishop Gallery is a contemporary art gallery located in Bedford Stuyvesant  Brooklyn. Launched in 2012 by Erwin John and Stevenson Dunn Jr.  The Bishop Gallery aims to provide emerging and established artists with an intimate space to connect with their audience and the ever-expanding Brooklyn art scene. We embrace all artists of varying cultures  genres  backgrounds  and means of artistic expression. We hope to forge a lasting relationship with the artists who show in our space and the surrounding communities. We believe art can be a catalyst for bringing together communities and inciting conversations of change and development. Our objective is to provide the space where the ideas that bring about change are birthed.SOURCE Martell",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.06,0.29,True,English,"['Janelle Monáe Spotlight Harlem Renaissance Art Icon', 'Loïs Mailou Jones', 'Martell® Cognac', 'The Loïs Mailou Jones Pierre-Noël Trust', 'The Loïs Mailou Jones Pierre-Noel Trust', 'several U.S. museums', 'The Little Paris Group', ""Restaurant Workers' Community Foundation"", 'original Little Paris Group', 'Historic Little Paris Group', 'other African American artists', 'The Bishop Gallery', 'Carter G. Woodson', 'Pernod Ricard USA', 'Black-owned art gallery', 'modern art disciplines', 'first cognac house', 'Janelle Monáe', 'important role model', ""Jones' historic salon"", 'Senior Brand Manager', 'great Cognac houses', 'Martell Blue Swift', 'Modern Day Artists', 'local Black artists', 'post-war Paris', 'American exhibitions', 'historic items', ""Jones' legacy"", ""Jones' story"", 'cognac producer', 'art history', 'important part', 'Parisian-style salon', 'leading artists', 'coming artists', 'Aspiring artists', 'Martell Cognac', 'Latest Chapter', 'Emonee Larussa', 'Sophia Victor', 'NEW YORK', 'Expected"" campaign', 'remarkable story', 'new spot', 'world-renowned musician', 'white woman', 'life work', 'latest commitment', 'next generation', 'Harlem Renaissance', 'stateside return', 'influential identities', 'world leaders', 'prominent figures', 'Langston Hughes', 'Josephine Baker', 'multi-hyphenate talent', 'Black Diaspora', 'same principles', 'creative hub', 'artistic advancement', 'similar shoes', 'positive change', 'Charlotte Raux', 'tri-state area', 'limited seats', 'Black History', 'prolific artist', 'surviving artist', 'decades-long career', 'pioneer painter', 'Future platform', 'one-day-only workshops', 'Martell partner', 'Jean Martell', 'Maison Martell', 'many women', 'BIPOC women', 'PRNewswire', 'actor', 'light', 'artwork', 'praise', 'guise', 'inspiration', 'creatives', 'Credit', 'fame', '1930s', '1940s', 'movement', 'students', 'skills', 'critiques', 'presidents', 'educator', 'March', 'Brooklyn', 'mission', 'space', 'mentors', 'traditional', 'sense', 'selection', 'artifacts', 'pieces', 'display', 'revival', 'Pioneers', 'way', 'experiences', 'dialogue', 'creativity', 'founding', 'boundaries', 'possibility', 'category', 'barrels', 'convention', 'codes', 'spirit', 'Fem', 'projects', 'opportunities', 'education', 'bottle', '350 miles', 'face', 'adversity', 'impact', 'truth', 'odds', 'teachings', 'MartellLittleParisGroup', 'Instagram', 'Twitter']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.com
20535,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAJOREL-GROUP-LUXEMBOURG-127173176/news/Majorel-Group-Luxembourg-S-A-Majorel-Reports-Double-Digit-Performance-in-FY-2022-43236137/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Majorel Reports Double-Digit Performance in FY 2022,(marketscreener.com) EQS-Ad-hoc: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. / Key word: Annual ResultsMajorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Majorel Reports Double-Digit Performance in FY 2022 14-March-2023 / 07:59 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Arti…,"EQS-Ad-hoc: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. / Key word(s): Annual ResultsMajorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Majorel Reports Double-Digit Performance in FY 202214-March-2023 / 07:59 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT RELATES TO THE DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIED OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014. Press release Majorel Reports Double-Digit Performance in FY 2022 FY 2022: Group revenue +16% YOY | Net revenue +19% YOY | Operating EBITDA +18% YOY | EPS €1.69 Luxembourg  March 14  2023: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (Euronext Amsterdam ticker symbol: MAJ) (“Majorel”  the ‘’Company”)  a global customer experience (CX) leader  today reports its audited results for the fiscal year 2022 ended December 31  2022. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 2022 Group revenue of €2 100 million  +16% YOY (FY 2021: €1 811 million); net revenue[1] of €2 080 million  +19% YOY (FY 2021: €1 752 million)  like-for-like net revenue[2] growth of +19% YOYOperating EBITDA[3] of €369 million  +18% YOY (FY 2021: €313 million)[4]  Operating EBITDA margin[5] of 17.8% (FY 2021: 17.9%) 4of 17.8% (FY 2021: 17.9%) Group profit of €170 million (FY 2021: €80 million). Earnings per share (EPS)[6] of €1.69 (FY 2021: €0.8)Strong net cash position of €105 million at year end 2022 (+32% YOY) BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS 2022 Growth with existing and new clients: net revenue retention[7] of 115% and 60+ new logo winsOngoing geographical expansion: 13 new countries added through M&A  organic growth  and expanded client partnershipProgress in strategic KPIs: 52% of net revenue from Global Internet Clients (FY 2021: 45%)  including 23% of net revenue from Majorel’s Content Services  Trust & Safety line of business (FY 2021: 21%); Tech & Expert Services at 9% of net revenue (FY 2021: 9%). Offshore[8] at 43% of net revenue (FY 2021: 39%); and the Telco sector at 9% of net revenue (FY 2021: 12%)Strong net revenue growth in all business Segments: EASA (Europe  Africa  and South America) €1 452 million  +13% YOY (FY 2021: €1 290 million); GEMS (Global English  Middle East  and Southeast Asia) €504 million  +38% YOY (FY 2021: €364 million); and CEA (China and East Asia) €124 million  +27% YOY (FY 2021: €98 million) OUTLOOK 2023 Based on current assumptions  Majorel expects its net revenue to grow to €2 150-2 250 million. Excluding COVID-19-related business in 2022  this would result in net revenue growth of +6% to +11%Further  Majorel expects its Operating EBITDA margin for 2023 to be between 16.5%-17.0% Commenting on the strong results  Thomas Mackenbrock  CEO of Majorel  said: ""In a complex and evolving market environment  Majorel has delivered excellent results in 2022 by remaining resourceful  agile and reliable for our clients. In 2022  we welcomed more than 13 000 new team members  added 13 new countries to our global footprint  grew with existing clients  won more than 60 new logos  and completed several strategic bolt-on acquisitions. In 2022  we have delivered  every quarter  year-over-year double-digit growth  and made strong progress on the core pillars of our strategy: expanding geographically  and growing with clients and through M&A. Looking ahead  we expect shifting client needs  some softness in demand and continued inflation due to the challenging and more volatile environment. However  we remain confident that Majorel’s relentless drive to go further  our operational expertise and our capability in developing deep  long-term relationships with our clients will be the basis for our continuing success. I’d like to thank our clients for their trust in us and our 82 000 team members for their passion and commitment.” 1. FINANCIAL OVERVIEW CONTINUED STRONG TOPLINE GROWTH IN ALL SEGMENTS AND BUSINESS AREAS Revenue for the Group in 2022 was €2 100 million  representing an increase of +16% (FY 2021: €1 811 million). We saw positive developments  in particular with clients in Global Internet  but also in Utilities  BFSI  and Consumer Goods. The growth was supported by the integration of the acquisitions  which largely compensated for the decline of COVID-19-related business. Net revenue in 2022 was €2 080 million  which represents an increase of +19% compared to 2021 (€1 752 million). As with revenue  growth was supported by the contribution of the acquisitions of Mayen  Alembo  Findasense  and IST completed in 2022 (€47 million)  which mostly compensated for the decline of COVID-19-related business (€50 million) compared to 2021. Like-for-like net revenue growth corresponds to net revenue growth year-over-year  adjusted for certain specific non-recurring items. For 2022  we adjust for the decline in COVID-19-related business and the first-time consolidation of the acquisitions of Mayen  Alembo  Findasense  and IST. Taking these effects into account  like-for-like net revenue growth in 2022 was +19%.EASA Segment: Europe  Africa and South AmericaNet revenue from the EASA Segment (Europe  Africa  South America) was €1 452 million in 2022 (2021: €1 290 million). The increase of +13% compared to 2021 was attributed to the contribution of the acquisitions completed in 2022 (Mayen  Alembo  Findasense  and IST; in total €47 million of net revenue)  largely compensating for the decline of COVID-19-related business of (€51 million of net revenue in 2022; FY 2021: €102 million). Like-for-like  excluding the contribution of the 2022 acquisitions and the decline of COVID-19-related business  net revenue in EASA increased by +13% in 2022. This growth was mainly driven by existing and new clients in Global Internet  as well as the strong development in our near- and offshore locations in Africa  Eastern Europe  and Latin America. GEMS Segment: Global English  Middle East and Southeast AsiaNet revenue from the GEMS Segment (Global English  Middle East  Southeast Asia) was €504 million in 2022 (FY 2021: €364 million)  an increase of +38%. The key driver for this growth was the strong increase of net revenue with Global Internet clients  particularly in the Philippines  the US  Malaysia  Egypt  Canada  and Kenya. CEA Segment: China and East Asia The CEA Segment reported net revenue of €124 million in 2022 (FY 2021: €98 million)  in line with the Company's guidance that the CEA Segment would contribute 5-7% of Group net revenue. The growth rate of +27% was driven by further expansion of the footprint in China as well as the new countries Japan and South Korea  and the continuing growth of digital engagement services  with a focus on consumer products and digital clients. Net revenue per business Segment 2022 2021 YOY change Q4 2022* Q4 2021* YOY change* EASA Segment €1 452m €1 290m +13% €387m €337m +15% GEMS Segment €504m €364m +38% €141m €103m +36% CEA Segment €124m €98m +27% €36m €30m +22% *Q4 results are unaudited  not reviewed and are based on management reporting. CONTINUED STRONG PROFITABILITY IN ALL BUSINESS SEGMENTS For the full year 2022  Operating EBITDA increased by +18% to €369 million (FY 2021: €313 million restated)4. The Operating EBITDA margin was 17.8% (FY 2021:17.9%)4. The key drivers for the increase in Operating EBITDA were: overall business growth; operational excellence; more complex  value-added services; client portfolio management; improved global delivery mix; and the contribution of the acquisitions completed in 2022  partially compensating for the decline of COVID-19-related business and the reduction of work-from-home (WFH). EBIT amounted to €239 million for the year ended December 31  2022 (FY 2021: €105 million). Group profit amounted to €170 million for 2022  representing a year-over-year increase of €90 million (FY 2021: €80 million). Earnings per share (EPS) was €1.69 (FY 2021: €0.8). Our free cash flow[9] was €141 million (2021: €118 million)  and the cash conversion rate (CCR) was 38% for 2022. Excluding the effects relating to the IPO bonus with Equity Deferral  the CCR would be 50%[10]. The net cash position at the end of the year was €105 million (FY 2021: €79 million) allowing us strategic flexibility for inorganic growth. A dividend payment  in line with the dividend policy of 30-50%  will be proposed at the annual general meeting (AGM) scheduled for June 2023. Operating EBITDA and Operating EBITDA by Segment in € million 2022 2021 EASA 245 223 in% of net revenue 16.9% 17.3% GEMS 110 75 in% of net revenue 21.8% 20.6% CEA 14 15 in% of net revenue 11.3% 15.3% Other/minor activities - - Total 369 313 in% of net revenue 17.8% 17.9% EASA Segment: Europe  Africa and South America Operating EBITDA for the EASA Segment amounted to €245 million at the end of 2022  increasing by +10% (FY 2021: €223 million). The Operating EBITDA margin slightly decreased from 17.3% in 2021 to 16.9% in 2022. The increase in Operating EBITDA is driven by our main profitability drivers  especially: continued operational excellence; more complex  value added services; client portfolio management; and an increasing share of offshore delivery. The companies acquired in 2022 (Mayen  Alembo  Findasense  and IST) also contributed to the Operating EBITDA in EASA in 2022  partially compensating for the decline in COVID-19-related business and reduction of work-from-home (WFH). GEMS Segment: Global English  Middle East and Southeast Asia Operating EBITDA for the GEMS Segment amounted to €110 million for the year ended December 31  2022  increasing by +47% (FY 2021: €75 million). The Operating EBITDA margin increased from 20.6% in 2021 to 21.8% in 2022. Margin improvement in GEMS has been driven by operational excellence  more complex  value-added services  client portfolio management  and a high share of offshore delivery. CEA Segment: China and East Asia Operating EBITDA for the CEA segment amounted to €14 million for 2022 (FY 2021: €15 million)  the margin decreasing from 15.3% to 11.3%. The CEA results benefited from the continuing growth of digital consumer engagement services  the growth of consumer products and digital clients  as well as the growth with Global Internet clients  which partially balanced the negative impacts from the COVID-19 measures in China. 2. BUSINESS OVERVIEW – SUCCESSFUL STRATEGY EXECUTION Majorel’s proven strategy is driven across four dimensions  and 2022 has seen further improvement in all of them: Geographical expansion In 2022  Majorel further extended its global platform and added 13 new countries to its footprint  enabling us to offer even more flexible delivery options for our clients and to have access to new markets. This regional expansion was driven by a mix of organic development  acquisitions  and the expanded strategic partnership with one of our Global Internet clients. We are now present in 45 countries East-to-West on five continents. Growth with clients Our current client portfolio comprises more than 500 clients worldwide from a wide range of industries  with a particular focus on fast-growing Global Internet and vertical leaders across various industries – like BFSI. Retaining and growing the business with our existing clients is the bedrock of our success and remains a focus area for growth. In addition  the Company added 60+ new client logos in 2022 – a foundation for nurturing meaningful long-term client relationships for the future. In December 2022  we launched Majorel X as a platform for CX transformation services to address increasing client demand for an integrated approach. Majorel X combines our strengths in CX Consulting  Technology and Design & Creative Services and is one of the growth drivers for Tech & Expert Services  which we will continue to develop organically and through selective M&A. Across all our verticals  we continue to work in true partnership with our clients  and with deep roots built on mutual trust. In 2022  this resulted in net revenue retention (NNR) of 115% including the reduction of COVID-19-related business. Excluding this  NRR was 119% (FY 2021: 116%). Majorel completed its expanded strategic partnership with one of its leading Global Internet clients in June 2022[11]  supporting the Company’s strategic goal of expanding into new territories and further consolidating its existing presence in current geographies too. This transformative agreement testifies to the benefits of developing deep  long-term relationships with clients. Growth through M&A In 2022  Majorel successfully completed several company acquisitions: Mayen  one of Turkey’s leading nearshore CX providers (January 2022); Alembo  a CX and BPO company based in Suriname (June 2022); Findasense  a CX design and creative services company (September 2022); and IST  a leading full-service CX Technology Services provider (December 2022). In September  Majorel announced it had discontinued discussions with Sitel regarding the potential merger of the two companies. Despite completed due diligence and validated synergies between the two companies  alignment could not be reached on the final structure of the transaction against the background of the prevailing macro environment. Progress in all strategic KPI’s In 2022  52% of net revenue was from Global Internet clients (FY 2021: 45%)  achieving our mid-term target of >50% and including 23% of net revenue from Majorel’s Content Services  Trust & Safety line of business (FY 2021: 21%)  in line with our mid-term target of 20-25%. Tech & Expert Services represented 9% of net revenue (FY 2021: 9%)  compared to our mid-term target of 10-15% and  in line with our previous guidance. The net revenue share from the Telco vertical decreased to 9% of net revenue at the end of 2022 (FY 2021: 12%) in line with our mid-term target of ~10%. Offshore delivery represented 43% of net revenue (FY 2021: 39%)  compared to our mid-term target of 45-50%. Celebrating our diversity and nurturing the best talent Everyone at Majorel shares a very particular kind of drive that’s captured in our Company tagline – ‘’Driven to go further’’. This entrepreneurial culture unites our team members worldwide and is something that we cherish and will continue to nurture  since it’s the very heart of the Majorel difference. And one of the key reasons why clients choose Majorel as their trusted long-term partner. At the very heart of this unique spirit is our diversity  which is something that we leverage every day to drive our success. In 2022  we carried out our annual global employee survey for the first time in partnership with ‘’Great Place to Work’’ (GPTW) and were particularly proud to have achieved GPTW Certification status in 26 of the 38 participating countries. The safety  wellbeing  and personal development of our team members remains a primary objective  enabled by Majorel Feel Good  our global wellbeing and resiliency (W&R) program. We continuously strive to improve our operations and processes and have further strengthened this program  which receives high praise from both our team members  clients  and industry commentators. W&R is a key feature of our Content Services  Trust & Safety operations  which continue to be a significant part of our differentiated offer. We strongly believe that the value-added services we provide to our clients in this area - like content moderation services  data labelling  data tagging  advertisement checks  and policy adherence - support our clients in making the internet a safer place for everyone. Our contribution to society Corporate Responsibility (CR) is a fundamental part of Majorel’s DNA and a natural extension of the Company’s core values – Creativity  Excellence and Respect. We have made progress towards our CR goals in 2022  making a positive contribution to the wellbeing and prosperity of our team members  our local communities  our environment  and wider society. Amongst our many CR initiatives in 2022  Majorel has continued to expand its Majorel Women (who account for 56%[12] of our workforce) program  and also the Majorel Impact Sourcing Standard (which is playing an increasingly important part in Majorel’s recruitment strategy  giving disadvantaged groups career opportunities that lead to economic self-sufficiency  skills development  and professional advancement). SUBSEQUENT EVENTS In February 2023  the earthquakes in Türkiye directly affected four of our sites - Adana  Diyarbakır  Kayseri  and Elazığ - which are  fortunately  undamaged. Naturally  many of our team members and their families were affected  which means that production at these sites has been interrupted. Majorel is in the process of assessing the financial impact in operating activities  which is expected to be insignificant. INVESTOR RELATIONS On the basis of feedback from investors  Majorel has stepped up its investor relations activities  in relation to both present and future investors. In that context  Majorel is continuously exploring options to increase the liquidity of the stock to attract a broader shareholder base. OUTLOOK This outlook is based on Majorel’s current assessment on the development of the business in 2023 and the general CX market  combined with economic and labor market conditions in the Company’s global geographic footprint. For 2023  we expect shifting client needs  some softness in demand  absence of COVID-19-related business  and continued (wage) inflation due to the challenging and more volatile environment. Moreover  ongoing macro-economic uncertainties  the evolving situation in Ukraine  and the recent earthquakes in Türkiye and Syria  all serve to highlight the importance of ongoing vigilance. Therefore  based on current assumptions  we expect to grow our net revenue to €2 150-2 250 million. Excluding COVID-19-related business in 2022  this would result in net revenue growth of around +6% to +11%. Further  the Company expects its Operating EBITDA margin for 2023 to be between 16.5%-17.0%  also factoring in the above-mentioned effects. We will continue to execute our proven strategy  driven by the expertise and commitment of our people  and built on the trust and loyalty of our long-term clients. Please find below in the Appendix  the primary Consolidated Financial Statements: Profit and Loss; Comprehensive Income; Financial Position; Cash Flow; and Changes in Equity. INVESTOR AND ANALYST CONFERENCE CALL A webcasted conference call for investors and analysts will be hosted on Tuesday  March 14  2023 at 14:00hrs CET. If you would like to participate in the conference call  please pre-register by clicking here and you will then receive the dial-in details. To follow the presentation  participants of the conference call can use the following link (only slides  no audio): https://www.webcast-eqs.com/majorel-fy2022/no-audio If you’d like to follow the presentation without participating in the conference call  you can follow the webcast via livestream and you will receive the audio via your Internet browser. No dial-in to the conference call is required. https://www.webcast-eqs.com/majorel-fy2022 The presentation of the FY 2022 results is currently available on the Investor Relations section of Majorel's website (ir.majorel.com). FINANCIAL CALENDAR (INDICATIVE) Q1 2022 Trading Update May 3  2023 Annual General Meeting June 2023 ABOUT MAJOREL We’re a global CX leader. Clients say that our agile culture makes us special  which means that doing business with us is easy. As experts in customer experience management  we’ve seen it all  so we’re able to ensure the reliability our clients need and the care their customers deserve. Our team members love nothing more than to just get things done  secure in the knowledge that we strive to be the best home for their talent. Our spirit is resourceful  resilient  and relentless  and this is what drives us to go further. 82 000+ team members; 70+ languages; 45 countries; end-to-end CXM; tech-human augmentation; global and local. Majorel: Driven to go further. www.majorel.com CONTACT Investor Relations Michèle Negen ir@majorel.com Media Relations Andrew Slater media@majorel.comNotes[1] Net revenue for the Group corresponds to revenues as reported in our management reporting less certain direct  order-related external costs which are part of external expenses and costs of materials and consist mainly of cost of services purchased (subcontracted or outsourced services). Net revenue for each Segment corresponds to the according Segment revenues less certain direct  order-related inter-Segment and external costs. Management reporting data excludes revenues from minor activities (primarily the Sonopress Business) outside Majorel Group’s core business which are reported in the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (the “Sonopress Business” is defined as certain non-core business activities historically carried out by Arvato de Mexico  S.A. de C.V.  which was wound down in 2021). For details see APM section of the Annual Report 2022. [2] Like-for-like net revenue growth corresponds to net revenue growth year over year  adjusted for certain specific non-recurring items. For FY 2022 to FY 2021 like-for-like net revenue comparison  the contribution of the first-time consolidation of the acquisition of Mayen  Alembo  Findasense  and IST and the reduction of COVID-19-related business FY 2022 vs. FY 2021 were adjusted. For details see APM section of the Annual Report 2022. [3] Operating EBITDA is defined as EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) adjusted for amortization and depreciation  impairment and reversal on intangible assets  property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets  adjusted for (i) impairment on goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful life as well as gains from business combinations  (ii) impairment on carrying amounts on assets held for sale  (iii) impairment/reversals on other financial assets at amortized cost  (iv) impairment/reversals on investments accounted for using the equity method  (v) results from disposals of investments  (vi) fair value measurement of investments  (vii) results from disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment  (viii) operating realized and unrealized forex gains and losses including on derivatives  (ix) expenses on long-term incentive programs and (x) further adjustments such as restructuring  acquisition-related and integration expenses  and other special items. The Operating EBITDA definition has been updated with effect from January 2022. Prior year data have been restated accordingly to allow comparison. For details see APM section of the Annual Report 2022. [4] Operating EBITDA reported for FY 2021 (€316 million) is restated to €313 million with the difference for €1 million of operating realized and unrealized forex gains including on derivatives and €2 million of acquisition-related and other special items to allow comparison with prior year based on the updated Operating EBITDA definition. For more information see APM section of the Annual Report 2022. [5] We define Operating EBITDA margin as Operating EBITDA divided by net revenue. For details see APM section of the Annual Report 2022. [6] Basic earnings per share (EPS) is calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year  excluding ordinary shares purchased by the Group and held as treasury shares and the shares held under the liquidity program  if any. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. There is currently no category of dilutive potential ordinary shares. [7] Net revenue retention 2022 is defined as net revenue generated by clients in FY 2022 divided by net revenue generated by the same cohort of clients in FY 2021 (excluding net revenue contributed by Mayen  Alembo  Findasense and IST that were acquired during 2022). For details see APM section of the Annual Report 2022. [8] We define “Offshore” as net revenue from the following countries (even if some local business is included): Armenia  Colombia  Costa Rica  Croatia  Egypt  Estonia  Georgia  Ghana  Greece  India  Ivory Coast  Kenya  Lithuania  Malaysia  Mexico  Morocco  North Macedonia  Peru  Philippines  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Senegal  Suriname  Togo  and Turkey. [9] Free cash flow is defined as Operating EBITDA less adjustments minus increase/plus decrease in net working capital after net cash out from pensions  payments from leases and net investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets excluding net payments from acquisitions and disposals of financial assets. For details see APM section of the Annual Report 2022. [10] For more information see APM section of the Annual Report 2022. [11] Please see press release of June 9  2022  for further details. In accordance with IFRS 3  Booking.com CX centers were integrated as a business combination in the consolidated financial statements. [12] Source: Majorel Employee Survey  November 2022 DISCLAIMER This announcement is released by Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (“Company”) and contains information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (MAR). This announcement is made for the purposes of MAR and pursuant to Article 2 of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055. Some of the Company’s financial information presented in this announcement is unaudited  unreviewed  has been derived from the management accounts of the Company and are not presented in accordance with IFRS. Such financial measures are not measures of financial performance in accordance with IFRS and may exclude items that are significant in understanding and assessing Majorel’s financial results. Therefore  these measures should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to loss for the period or other measures of profitability  liquidity  or performance under IFRS. You should be aware that the presentation of these measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies  which may be defined and calculated differently. This financial information is subject to updating  revision  amendment  verification  correction  completion and change without notice. It does not purport to contain all information required to evaluate the Company or the Majorel group and/or its financial position The information does not constitute a recommendation regarding any loans or securities of the Company. In providing access to this announcement  neither the Company nor any other person undertakes any obligation to provide you with access to any additional information or to update the information as part of this announcement or to correct any inaccuracies in any such information. No representation  warranty or undertaking  express or implied  is made by the Company or any other person as to  and no reliance should be placed on  the fairness  accuracy  completeness or correctness of the information or the opinions contained therein or any other statement made or purported to be made in connection with the Company or any of the Company’s respective affiliates  for any purpose whatsoever  including but not limited to any investment considerations. In addition  no duty of care or otherwise is owed by the Company or any of the Company’s respective affiliates to recipients of the information within this announcement or any other person in relation to the information. This announcement include(s) forward looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical or current facts contained in this announcement  including statements regarding the Company’s future results of operations and financial position  industry dynamics  business strategy and plans and its objectives for future operations  are forward-looking statements. These statements represent management’s opinions  expectations  assumptions  beliefs  intentions  estimates or strategies regarding the future  which may not be realized. Forward looking statements are often indicated by terms such as ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""forecast "" ""goal "" ""intend "" ""look forward to "" ""may "" ""plan "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""should "" ""target"" ""will "" ""would"" and/or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions that are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this announcement are based largely on Majorel’s current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that Majorel believes may affect its financial condition  results of operations  business strategy  short-term and long-term business operations and objectives  and financial needs. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Majorel’s control  and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward looking statements. For a detailed description of these factors and uncertainties  please refer to the “Risk Factors” section of Majorel’s Prospectus  available at https://www.bourse.lu/issuer/MajorelGroupSA/105258. Majorel undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward looking statements. Moreover  new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for the Company’s management to predict all risks  nor can it assess the impact of all factors on Majorel’s business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. In light of these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this announcement may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Majorel cautions you therefore against relying on these forward-looking statements  and Majorel qualifies all of its forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements included in this announcement are made only as of the date hereof. Although Majorel believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable  it cannot guarantee that the future results  levels of activity  performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Neither Majorel nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. Moreover  neither Majorel nor any other person undertakes any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this announcement or otherwise. You should read this announcement with the understanding that Majorel’s actual future results  levels of activity  performance and events and circumstances may materially differ from what Majorel expects. This announcement does not constitute an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the securities described in this announcement in the United States. In particular  any securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act)  or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. There will be no public offering of securities in the United States. Appendix: Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated statement of profit and loss in € millions 2022 2021 Revenues 2 100 1 811 Other operating income 48 37 External expenses and costs of materials (397) (423) Personnel costs (1 398) (1 236) Amortization/depreciation  impairment and reversals on intangible assets  property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (115) (85) Results from investments accounted for using the equity method 1 1 EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) 239 105 Interest income 1 1 Interest expenses (4) (3) Other financial income - 2 Other financial expenses (15) (5) Financial result (18) (5) Earnings before taxes 221 100 Income tax expense (51) (20) Group profit or loss 170 80 attributable to: Majorel shareholders 169 80 Non-controlling interests 1 - Earnings per share (in €) – Basic 1.69 0.80 – Diluted 1.69 0.80 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income in € millions 2022 2021 Group profit or loss 170 80 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Remeasurement component of defined benefit plans 13 9 Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss when specific conditions are met Exchange differences – changes recognized in other comprehensive income (23) 12 Other comprehensive income net of tax (10) 21 Group total comprehensive income 160 101 attributable to: Majorel shareholders 159 101 Non-controlling interests 1 -Consolidated statement of financial position in € millions 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Assets Non-current assets Goodwill 196 94 Other intangible assets 44 20 Property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 282 245 Investments accounted for using the equity method 4 3 Trade and other receivables 9 1 Deferred tax assets 41 38 576 401 Current assets Trade and other receivables 526 467 Other financial assets 2 11 Other non-financial assets 70 68 Current income tax receivables 12 18 Cash and cash equivalents 245 238 855 802 1 431 1 203 Equity and liabilities Equity Subscribed capital 1 1 Capital reserve 231 255 Retained earnings 316 138 Majorel shareholders' equity 548 394 Non-controlling interests 10 5 558 399 Non-current liabilities Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 32 43 Other provisions 11 8 Deferred tax liabilities 6 2 Financial debt 132 70 Lease liabilities 91 80 Trade and other payables 20 - Other non-financial liabilities 18 - 310 203 Current liabilities Other provisions 45 30 Financial debt 8 89 Lease liabilities 49 45 Trade and other payables 179 156 Other non-financial liabilities 252 261 Current income tax payables 30 20 563 601 1 431 1 203 Consolidated statement of cash flow in € millions 2022 2021 Earnings before interest and taxes 239 105 Amortization  depreciation and write-ups of non-current assets 115 85 Gains from business combinations (3) - Change in provisions for pensions and similar obligations (3) (1) Change in other provisions (1) 11 Change in net working capital (74) 24 Taxes paid (43) (40) Other effects 6 1 Cash flow from operating activities 236 185 Investments in: – intangible assets (4) (4) – property  plant and equipment (76) (57) – purchase prices for consolidated investments (net of acquired cash) (19) (56) – prepaid consideration for business acquisition (5) (58) - other investments and financial assets - (5) Disposals of other fixed assets 8 6 Cash flow from investing activities (96) (174) Proceeds from/redemption of financial debt (23) 105 Redemption of lease liabilities (52) (46) Interest paid (8) (6) Dividends to Majorel shareholders (32) (19) Dividends to non-controlling interests (1) - Other effects (5) (8) Cash flow from financing activities (121) 26 Change in cash and cash equivalents 19 37 Exchange rate effects and other changes in cash and cash equivalents (12) 6 Cash and cash equivalents as of 1/1 238 195 Cash and cash equivalents as of 12/31 245 238 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity in € millions Subscribed capitala) Capital reserve Retained earnings Majorel shareholders' equity Non-controlling interests Total Balance as of 1/1/2021 - 275 37 312 5 317 Group profit or loss - - 80 80 - 80 Other comprehensive income - - 21 21 - 21 Group total comprehensive income - - 101 101 - 101 Dividend distributions - (19) - (19) - (19) Transfer 1 (1) - - - - Equity transactions with shareholders 1 (20) - (19) - (19) Balance as of 12/31/2021 1 255 138 394 5 399 Balance as of 1/1/2022 1 255 138 394 5 399 Group profit or loss - - 169 169 1 170 Other comprehensive income - - (10) (10) - (10) Group total comprehensive income - - 159 159 1 160 Dividend distributions - (24) (8) (32) (1) (33) Acquisition of subsidiary with non-controlling interests - - - - 5 5 Equity transactions with shareholders - (24) (8) (32) 4 (28) Hyperinflation impact - - 27 27 - 27 Balance as of 12/31/2022 1 231 316 548 10 558 As of January 1  2021  the subscribed capital amounts to €404 thousand. 14-March-2023 CET/CEST The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.09,0.08,True,English,"['Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.', 'Double-Digit Performance', 'FY', 'FINANCIAL OVERVIEW CONTINUED STRONG TOPLINE GROWTH', 'Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.', 'Euronext Amsterdam ticker symbol', '60+ new logo wins', 'Strong net cash position', 'Strong net revenue growth', 'Ongoing geographical expansion', 'deep, long-term relationships', 'specific non-recurring items', 'EQS Group AG', 'evolving market environment', 'several strategic bolt', 'global customer experience', 'MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'Operating EBITDA margin', 'net revenue retention', '13,000 new team members', 'BUSINESS AREAS Revenue', 'year double-digit growth', 'Global Internet Clients', 'FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'M&A', 'strong results', 'Group revenue', 'Group profit', 'strong progress', '82,000 team members', 'organic growth', 'EQS News', '13 new countries', 'strategic KPIs', '60 new logos', 'volatile environment', 'Global English', 'global footprint', 'Double-Digit Performance', 'Majorel Reports', 'Annual Results', 'Press release', 'CX) leader', 'audited results', 'new clients', 'client partnership', 'Safety line', 'Expert Services', 'Telco sector', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'Southeast Asia', 'current assumptions', 'COVID-19-related business', 'Thomas Mackenbrock', 'excellent results', 'core pillars', 'client needs', 'relentless drive', 'operational expertise', 'continuing success', 'positive developments', 'Consumer Goods', 'first-time consolidation', 'fiscal year', 'Content Services', 'business Segments', 'existing clients', 'inside information', 'FY', '07:59 CET', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'issuer', 'announcement', 'MEANING', 'YOY', 'EPS', 'Company', 'Earnings', 'share', 'end', 'expanded', 'Trust', 'Tech', 'Offshore', 'EASA', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'GEMS', 'CEA', 'China', 'OUTLOOK', 'CEO', 'complex', 'acquisitions', 'strategy', 'softness', 'demand', 'inflation', 'challenging', 'capability', 'basis', 'passion', 'commitment', 'increase', 'Utilities', 'BFSI', 'integration', 'decline', 'contribution', 'Mayen', 'Alembo', 'Findasense', 'effects', 'account', '1.']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20536,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LU-VE-S-P-A-22619643/news/LU-VE-GROUP-2022-ANOTHER-YEAR-OF-RECORDS-IN-FEBRUARY-ORDER-BACKLOG-AT-216-2-MILLION-14-5-vs-3-43241736/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230314,LU-VE GROUP: 2022  ANOTHER YEAR OF RECORDS IN FEBRUARY  ORDER BACKLOG AT 216.2 MILLION (+14.5% vs 31.12.2022),(marketscreener.com)  14/03/2023 14:56   LU-VE GROUP: 2022  ANOTHER YEAR OF RECORDS IN FEBRUARY  ORDER BACKLOG AT €216.2 MILLION    The consolidated financial report as at 31 December 2022 has been approved    I. The consolidated financial report a…,"LU-VE GROUP: 2022  ANOTHER YEAR OF RECORDS IN FEBRUARY  ORDER BACKLOG AT 216.2 MILLION (+14.5% vs 31.12.2022) 03/14/2023 | 10:06am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields 14/03/2023 14:56 LU-VE GROUP: 2022  ANOTHER YEAR OF RECORDS IN FEBRUARY  ORDER BACKLOG AT €216.2 MILLION (+14.5% vs 31.12.2022) The consolidated financial report as at 31 December 2022 has been approved I. The consolidated financial report as at 31 December 2022 has been approved In 2022 the group achieved: Turnover of €618.6 million (an increase of 25.7% compared to 2021; at constant exchange rates  turnover would have grown by 23.8%).Adjusted EBITDA of €78.8 million  an increase of 29.6% compared to 2021.Net profit for the year of €49.1 million  an increase of 98.0% compared to 2021. Net of non-recurring revenues and costs  adjusted net profit would have been €35.2 million  up by 42.0%.Leverage ratio a 1 81. Net financial position negative for €142.3 million  as at 31 December 2022  an increase of 16.7% compared to 2021.Order backlog of €188.8 million as at 31 December 2022  an increase of 4.8% compared to 2021. III. A dividend of €0.38 per share has been proposed IV. The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting has been called for 28 April 2023 V. Proposal to renew the authorisation of the Shareholders' Meeting to purchase and sell treasury shares VI. The Report on corporate governance and the ownership structures for the 2022 financial year  and the Annual Report on remuneration policy and remuneration paid  were approved Uboldo (Va)  14 March 2023 - LU-VE S.p.A.'s Board of Directors  at their meeting today  reviewed and approved the consolidated financial report as at 31 December 2022. ""2022 was a particularly sad year due to the death of my father  founder and inspiration of LU-VE Group. The 'Gardener of dreams'  as he loved to call himself  has left a great void but also an equally great lesson  which will guide us towards the future - said Matteo Liberali  Chairman and CEO of LU-VE Group. From the point of view of results  we are proud to have reached a new record in turnover  despite the dramatic disturbances caused by the war in Ukraine  the supply chain difficulties and inflation. Last year we laid the foundations for growth with the acquisitions carried out and with the activities to improve our sustainability. With the usual passion we are working on new projects to be ready to catch all market opportunities. I would like to thank all the women and men of the LU-VE Group for their commitment and determination  which I am sure they will demonstrate also in the future"". I. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT The general framework The year 2022  which unfortunately ended with the death of Mr. Iginio Liberali  founder and Chairman of the Group  was a very intense and challenging year that has led to a new record turnover (over €618 million) and which saw the completion of three extraordinary transactions (the acquisition of Refrion and the assets of ACC Wanbao  as well as the sale of the subsidiary Tecnair) and the launch of new important projects for future development. Despite the disturbances resulting from the dramatic invasion of Ukraine  the market experienced extremely brilliant demand in the first part of the year  followed by a significant slowdown in some segments in the second half of the year. Product sales grew by 25.2% to €605 million  while the order backlog of €188.8 million at the end of the year (+4.8% compared to the end of 2021) returned on more organic values after months of tumultuous growth (up to a record €221.4 million at the end of April). This growth was mainly generated by the growth of the end markets and in part by orders from OEM's customers  which aimed to replenish safety stocks and the ""reservation"" of production capacity  at a time of general uncertainty in relation to procurement and of lengthening delivery times by all operators in the sector. The most important challenges managed in 2022 also concerned the Supply Chain characterised by strong tensions on the prices and procurement difficulties  in particular of electronic components (with impacts above all on the Cooling SBU). The actions to diversify the supply sources and expand the supplier base  implemented for some time  have allowed the continuous supply of production sites  albeit at the cost of some inevitable inefficiencies. On the other hand  the management of the purchase prices of raw materials and components was much more complicated  not only due to the strong fluctuations during the year in the prices of copper and aluminium at the LME (in the spring both exceeded recent years' highs)  but also due to the surge in energy costs that have completely distorted the transformation costs of the same raw materials (in particular aluminium). These difficulties  in addition to sporadic lock-down periods in Asia due to the resurgence of the spread of Covid-19 and an uncontrolled increase in transport costs (by sea and road)  generated significant increases in the purchase costs of goods and services which  on the whole  were offset by sales price adjustments. With a view to further extending the LU-VE Group's presence to the air conditioning  data centre  process cooling and industrial refrigeration segments  on 30 March 2022  the acquisition of a 75% interest in Refrion S.r.l.  whose registered office is in Flumignano (Udine)  was finalised. The company specialises in the production of air cooled equipment combined with adiabatic technology  which allow significant reductions in energy consumption  water use and noise emissions. The agreement provides for a put & call option to purchase the remaining 25%  exercisable within the next five years. The integration activities of the new company (consolidated starting from 1 April 2022)  of personnel and new subsidiaries were immediately launched in an environment of close cooperation. Starting in September  work began on expansion works for the main production site in line with the business plan that constituted an integral part of the contractual agreements between the parties. The works are expected to be completed by the end of the second quarter of 2023. The purchase of the Italia Wanbao ACC S.r.l. business unit  located a few kilometres from Limana  was concluded for a value of €70 thousand on 3 August 2022  through the subsidiary Sest S.p.A. of Limana (Belluno). The agreements signed envisage: the complete site industrial reconversion  in order to expand the production of heat exchangers for refrigerated counters  heat pumps and ""chillers""; the absorption within three years from the signing of the contracts of a significant part of the current workers of ""WACC""; total investments in the production site (which has a covered area of approximately 40 000 square metres) for approximately €6 million over the next three years. The first step for the reconversion of the production site had already been completed at the end of September  with the start-up of two production lines and the hiring of a first group of workers  in line with the agreements. As planned  the deed for the purchase of the entire production site was concluded at the beginning of December. On 21 March 2022  the sale was completed of the entire equity investment (79.9%) in Tecnair LV S.p.A. (active in the production of close control indoor air conditioning units for operating rooms and data centre applications) to the Swedish company Systemair AB  listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange  for a value of €12.9 million (which generated a financial income at consolidated level of around €9.5 million). The parties also signed a long-term agreement for the supply of heat exchangers and related products  and for the continuation of cross-selling relating to indoor air conditioning units  while the LU-VE Group will continue to focus on outdoor air conditioning systems for state-of-the-art data centres. These agreements were negotiated at market values. The de-consolidation of Tecnair LV S.p.A. took place from 1 April 2022. At the beginning of September  on the occasion of the approval of the Half-yearly Consolidated Financial Statements  the Board of Directors of LU-VE Group unanimously approved the proposal to allocate an extraordinary bonus of €3.0 million to support its employees  to cope with the increase in the cost of living and inflation. On 21 September  the admission of LUVE Group to the STAR segment of the Milan Stock Exchange was formalised  culminating in a process that began with the listing on the AIM market (July 2015) and continued with the transition to the main market (2017). Revenues and the order backlog The 2022 financial year saw a significant growth in product sales for LU-VE Group (+25.2%)  which reached €605 million  while the order backlog remained substantially stable at record levels. ""Revenues and operating income"" rose by 25.7% to €618.6 million (+€126.6 million). With stable exchange rates  the increase in revenues would have been 23.8%. This increase is due for 16.8% to higher sales prices and the remainder to increased sales volumes and a change in product mix. These trends further confirm the resilience of the business model and the validity of the Group's strategy  aimed at the progressive expansion of the fields of application and the extension of its international presence  with the aim of reducing dependency on individual market segments or individual countries. The Group's turnover does not depend to a significant extent on individual commercial or industrial contracts. At the end of 2022  sales revenues relating to the top 10 customers represent a total of just over 31% of turnover (down slightly compared to the previous year)  while that generated by the main customer is 4.2% of the total (4.6% in 2021). Geographical markets In 2022  turnover generated within the European Union was €473.2 million  an increase of 26.6%  accounting for 78.2% of total sales. For the first time in the history of the Group  the American continent rose to second place in the ranking by geographical macro-areas  thanks to a growth of more than 77%. In addition to the USA and Canada  among the countries that recorded the greatest increases in 2022  we note in particular Germany (+81.7%) and Finland (+53.4%). Obviously  there was a strong drop in sales in the countries of the former Soviet Union (-14.4%)  following the war in Ukraine. The incidence on total sales relating to exports in 2022 fell to 80.2%  as a result of strong growth in the Italian market (+32.2%) and also by virtue of the entry of the newly acquired Refrion into the scope. Product and application segments ""Components"" SBU - The year 2022 closed with a turnover of €347.5 million  an increase of 26.1%  confirming the validity of the strategy implemented by the Group to gradually differentiate end and application markets. The first half of the year was characterised by the positive combination of very strong demand and increases in sales prices  which led the SBU to grow by around 40%. On the other hand  starting from June  there was a slowdown in three market segments: exchangers for refrigerated counters  HO.RE.CA and high energy efficiency clothes dryers. This phenomenon is generally attributable to fears related to the return of inflation and the consequent less optimistic forecasts regarding consumption trends. In particular  in the case of refrigerated counters  the decrease is also linked to widespread cumulative delays in large-scale distribution sites  with significant delays in delivery times  which have led for many manufacturers to an increase in stocks of finished products  ready for delivery. On the other hand  the growth of the ""Components"" SBU was very strong and constant throughout the year  in the various applications linked to air conditioning  with a special mention for the ""data centre"" and for the heat pump segments. In the latter market  strongly influenced by the incentives of the REPowerEU programme  the Group more than doubled its sales  gaining significant market share  thanks to investments in research aimed at the development of innovative last-generation natural fluids heat exchangers as well as to the timely provision of additional production capacity to meet expected demand. Lastly  the significant growth (over 60%) in ""mobile"" applications is also noteworthy  thanks to the collaboration with important international groups for the development of latest generation products with low environmental impact and high energy efficiency. ""Cooling Systems"" SBU - Growth amounted to +24%with a turnover of €257.5 million. Compared to the ""Components"" SBU  the trend was more evenly distributed over the year. In fact  although ""Cooling"" also suffered in the second half of the year a slight contraction in projects relating to large-scale distribution and in general to the ""commercial refrigeration"" world  this contraction was more than offset by the continuous growth of ""industrial refrigeration""  which in recent years has seen the Group play an increasingly leading role in Europe and the rest of the world  thanks to the cutting-edge solutions developed in high energy efficiency and low environmental impact applications with natural fluids. As expected  2022 was also an extremely positive year in ""industrial cooling"" (+51%) and in ""data centre"" (21%) applications. As already was the case in 2021  the ""Cooling"" SBU played a role in protecting margins also in the last year  with two increases in sales prices  followed by a third one starting from January 2023. Profitability The ""EBITDA"" was equal to €75.1 million  12.1% of revenues  compared to €60.8 million (12.4% of revenues) in 2021. Net of the impact of extraordinary operating costs  adjusted EBITDA would have been €78.8 million  equal to 12.7% of revenues. Non-recurring items relate to the extraordinary bonus of €3 million to support Group employees  to cover the increase in the cost of living and for €0.7 million to transaction costs relating to the acquisition of the company Refrion S.r.l. The change compared to adjusted EBITDA in the previous year (increase of €18 million; +29.6%) was generated for €16 million by the contribution of the additional volumes and for €82.7 million by the increase in sale prices  net of €80.7 million of increases in the cost of the main raw materials and of other production costs. ""EBIT"" was €42.1 million (6.8% of revenues) compared to €30.6 million (6.2% of revenues) in 2021  with an increase of approximately 37.8%. Net of extraordinary operating costs (""adjusted"" EBIT)  it would have been €45.8 million (7.4% of revenues). Excluding the amortisation of the goodwill deriving from acquisitions  it would have been equal to €50.1 million (8.1% of revenues compared to 7.1% in 2021). The balance of ""net financial income and expense"" was positive at €7.5 million (positive €68 thousand in 2021). The increase is due for €12.6 million to the positive change in the fair value of interest rates derivatives  for €0.3 million to financial income and to the positive change in exchange rates and for €5.4 million to the increase in financial charges. A capital gain of €9.5 million from the sale of Tecnair LV S.p.A. was recorded under the item ""Gains (Losses) from equity investments"". ""EBT"" was equal to €59 million (9.5% of revenues) against €30.6 million in 2021 (6.2% of revenues). EBT for 2022 normalised (""adjusted"" EBT) for non-recurring costs (€3.7 million)  for gains from equity investments (€9.5 million)  for the net effect of the positive change in the fair value of derivatives and the impact of the amortised cost (€9.9 million) would have been €43.4 million (7% of revenues). The ""Net profit for the year"" was €49.1 million (7.9% of revenues) compared to €24.8 million (5% of revenues) in 2021. Applying the tax effect to the non-recurring costs and revenues described above  the net profit for 2022 (""Adjusted net profit for the year"") would have been €35.2 million (5.7% of revenues). Net working capital The LU-VE Group's operating working capital (equal to the sum of inventories and trade receivables net of trade payables) as at 31 December 2022 amounted to €110.9 million  equal to 17.9% of sales (it was €70.8 million as at 31 December 2021  14.4% of sales). The significant increase recorded in the year is linked to the strategic choice of investing  in a significant manner  in the increase of safety stocks of raw materials (without the risk of obsolescence) in order to guarantee customers delivery terms in line with their expectations and  therefore  to be able to take full advantage of the strength of market demand. During the last quarter of 2022  the actions taken to contain the increase in working capital had significant positive effects (in the last 12 months to 30 September 2022  operating working capital accounted for more than 24% of sales). Normalising this effect  considering the incidence of working capital on sales in line with the provisions of the Group ""guidance"" (15%)  the operating working capital as at 31 December 2022 would have been approximately €92.8 million. Net financial position  investments and cash generation The net financial position was a negative €142.3 million (€121.9 million as at 31 December 2021)  with an increase of €20.4 million mainly due for €36.7 million to investments  for €8.2 million to the distribution of dividends  for €38.1 million to the increase of operating working capital (adjusted by the values of Tecnair LV S.p.A. and the Refrion group)  for €14.6 million to acquisitions and sales of equity investments  net of €20.2 million relating to the change in other receivables and payables and to derivatives  and of roughly €57 million in positive cash flows from operations. Normalising the net financial position in consideration of the extraordinary effect on the value of inventory  the figure as at 31 December 2022 would have been negative for €124.2 million. In 2022 the cash flow from operations adjusted by non-recurring items totalled €37.1 million. The debt is all medium and long-term  and liquidity as at 31 December 2022 totalled around €304.1 million. Shareholders' equity Consolidated shareholders' equity amounted to €211.5 million  compared to €172.1 million as at 31 December 2021. The increase (equal to €39.4 million) was mainly due to the profit for the year (€49.1 million)  adjusted by the distribution of dividends for a total of €8.2 million ) and by the positive effect of the translation reserve (€1.3 million). ESG Policies In 2022 the Group strengthened its sustainability oversight by setting up a Corporate Sustainability Steering Committee  with the participation of the CEO  the COO  the CFO  the Investor Relations and the Sustainability Office  joined by other Group Directors and managers with competence in relation to the specific sustainability issues and for issues addressed. This Committee shares the progress of the Group's sustainability performance and discusses strategic lines of action  which are then submitted by the executive directors to the Board of Directors for appropriate assessments and resolutions. The Corporate Sustainability Steering Committee has prepared the first Sustainability Plan 2023-2025  which was examined by the Control and Risk Committee and approved by the Board of Directors in February 2023. The Sustainability Plan 2023-2025 is divided into numerous actions mainly targeting climate crisis mitigation and adaptation  also with reference to the environmental impact analysis of products. As regards social aspects  the Plan defines a series of actions that support a widespread culture of sustainability both inside and outside the Group and support the satisfaction and engagement of its employees. During 2022  the Group completed the assessment to calculate GHG Scope 3 emissions  that is to say emissions generated upstream and downstream of the Group's production activities  such as for example the emissions generated by logistics and by the products during their use by end users. The project has analysed the categories included in the ""GHG Protocol"" international framework and this clearly identified the processes on which action can be taken to obtain the necessary data. In 2022  LU-VE Group also carried out a quantitative assessment of the physical climate risks of all its production facilities. The physical climate risks were analysed taking into consideration the different future scenarios correlated to internationally recognised climate models and based on greenhouse gas concentration pathways (Representative Concentration Pathways - RPC) developed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). Specifically  analyses were conducted taking into consideration the RCP 2.6 and RCP 4.5 scenarios and considering a time frame to 2035. The analysis showed that the risks that will have the greatest influence on the Group are temperature variability  intense precipitation and precipitation variability. Vice versa  the exposure to certain other risks  e.g. drought and fire  are not expected to be material for the Group's operating assets. In 2022  LU-VE Group also updated its transition climate risks analysis. The various types of risk - market  technological  legal/policy and reputation - were assessed on the basis of their potential impact on the business and of the Group's ability to deal with them over time. By way of example  the market risks related to increases in production and transport costs  due to specific market conditions and to the introduction of carbon taxes  were assessed  as was the demand for products with increasingly lower emission impact  also by virtue of the worsening of related regulations and standards  such as  for example  the ""F-Gas"" Regulation. With reference to theEuropean Taxonomy for environmentally sustainable activities  introduced with Regulation (EU) 2020/852  in 2022 the LU-VE Group took a closer look at the evaluations previously performed related to the impacts of its activities in the creation of sustainable value at global level in order to identify its quota of sales  capital expenditure and operational expenditure (as defined by Delegated Regulation UE 2021/2178) regarding its ""eligible activities"" and in case ""aligned activities"" compliant with the criteria of the Taxonomy. For LU-VE Group  the following economic activities (specific of the Group) were classified as eligible with respect to the ""Climate change mitigation"" objective: High energy efficiency heat exchangers;Products that use CO 2 as a refrigerant fluid;Products that use other natural refrigerant fluids (hydrocarbons  ammonia  glycol water);Solutions dedicated to plants for the production of energy from renewable sources;Transport via motorbikes  cars and light commercial vehicles;Installation of renewable energy technologies;Research and Development team and laboratory. Overall  admissible economic activities represent 50.7% of the turnover of the Group in 2022. Looking at the CAPEX and OPEX data  LU-VE Group shows a percentage share of activities eligible for the purposes of Taxonomy for sustainable activities equal to 37.3% and 52.1% respectively for the year 2022. During 2022  the LU-VE Group also undertook a series of actions with a view to satisfying technical screening criteria required to be able to consider its economic activities  other than eligible  also aligned to the Taxonomy criteria. These criteria include  among others  the presence of carbon footprints certified by third parties according to international ISO standards and the management of chemicals along the entire value chain  which exceeds current regulatory requirements. Looking at product sustainability  it should be noted that in 2022 LU-VE was the first company in the world to obtain Eurovent certification for CO 2 gas coolers (under LU-VE Exchangers and Alfa LU-VE brands). Eurovent is the European association for heating  ventilation  air conditioning (HVACR)  process cooling and for cold food chain technologies. The ""Eurovent Certified Performance"" (ECP) certificate guarantees  through tests carried out in third-party laboratories  the reliability of declared technical performances on power  energy consumption  air flow rates  noise emissions and construction characteristics. In 2022  the LU-VE Group's entire range of evaporators and CO2 gas coolers was also Eurovent certified: 2022: LU-VE is the first company in the world with Eurovent certification for CO2 gas coolers (thermal performance  energy consumption  air flow and noise levels) with brands LU-VE Exchangers and Alfa LU-VE.2020: LU-VE was among the very first companies to obtain Eurovent certification for CO2 unit coolers (thermal performance  energy consumption and air flow rate) with brands LU-VE Exchangers and AIA LU-VE; since 2022 with brand Alfa LU-VE too.2016: LU-VE was the first manufacturer that Eurovent certified for their heat exchangers for refrigeration  never registering a single negative test during three different test cycles (between 2011 and 2015);2000: LU-VE was the first company in the world to obtain the new ""Eurovent Certify All"" certification for all the ranges of condensers  dry coolers and unit coolers. The research and development activity focused towards sustainable design - which has always been a characteristic of the Group's technological innovation - in 2022 allowed the development of new solutions with a reduced energy impact: Helios is the new CO 2 gas cooler with solar panels developed in collaboration with the Laboratory of Energy Conversion and Storage (LabX) of Politecnico di Milano University.E-Cooler is a range  under the Refrion brand  with reduced water and energy consumption  specifically developed for the cooling of data centres and for industrial refrigeration. Specifically  Group's innovation continued to be concentrated on the development of increasing heat exchange efficiency  with reduced use of refrigerant fluid and reduced exchanger internal volume  performance being equal. LU-VE Group continued on the path of progressive discontinuation of products with HFC fluids in favour of those with natural refrigerant fluids. The adoption of natural refrigerants in heat exchangers produced is in line with the ""Kigali Amendment"" to the ""Montreal Protocol""  which aims to reduce the greenhouse gas effect caused by F-Gas refrigerants. In 2022  the Group celebrated the 20th anniversary of the first launch on the market of products equipped with EC electronic motors with reduced energy consumption  replacing traditional asynchronous motors (AC). For further information on the Group's non-financial performance  please refer to the 2022 Consolidated Non-Financial Statement  prepared in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree 254/16 and in compliance with the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards published by the Global Reporting Initiative - GRI (with the ""In Accordance"" application level). The document is subject to a limited audit by the Auditing Firm and is published on the Group website (www.luvegroup.com) in the ""Investor relations - Sustainability"" section. EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE PERIOD In the first two months  against a slight and expected decrease in consolidated turnover of products only (equal to €90.8 million)  the acquisition of orders recorded a growth of over 18%  which brought the value of the order backlog back to €216.2 million  an increase of 14.5% compared to the December 2022 figure. LU-VE Group continues to pay a high level of attention to the evolution of the crisis between Russia and Ukraine  which  as already described  may have further significant repercussions on the world economy also as a result of the sanctions. The extreme geographical diversification of sales means that as at 31 December 2022  the Group's exposure in this area is only around 5.5% in terms of turnover and 2.5% of net invested capital. As at 28 February 2023  the exposure in terms of order backlog was 5.1%. Following the death of the founder and Chairman  Mr. Iginio Liberali at the end of December  the Board of Directors  which met on 23 January  resolved not to co-opt any member to replace him and at the same time appointed the Chief Executive Officer  Mr. Matteo Liberali  Chairman of the company until the planned end of the current board's mandate with the approval of the 2022 financial statements. On 23 February  the Board of Directors also announced the appointment of Mr. Riccardo Quattrini in the new role of Group General Manager  with effect from 1 April 2023. Following today Board resolution  he will take office on 27 March 2023. BUSINESS OUTLOOK The macroeconomic scenario remains uncertain and  therefore  it is difficult to make accurate forecasts on the trend of orders and commercial  economic and financial results. However  the macro trends on which the Group has based and bases its growth capacity (transition to refrigerants with lower impact on the environment  energy saving  growth of the cold chain in less developed countries  acceleration of digitalisation  food safety and electrification) are reasonably not directly associated to the global economic cycle and have absolutely been confirmed. II. DIVIDEND The Board of Directors resolved to propose to the Shareholders' Meeting (which will be called for 28 April 2023) a gross dividend of €0.38 per share  payable as from 10 May 2023  upon presentation of coupon no. 8 of 8 May 2023 and with the record date pursuant to Art. 83-terdecies of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998 (Consolidated Law on Finance or ""TUF"") of 9 May 2023  in accordance with the calendar of Borsa Italiana. III. CALLING THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING At today's meeting  the Board of Directors also resolved to call the ordinary and extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of the Company for 28 April 2023  in a single call  to discuss and deliberate  among others  the approval of the financial statements as at 31 December 2022 and the allocation of the relative profit for the financial year. Pursuant to the so-called ""Cura Italia Decree"" as last amended and supplemented  attendance to the Shareholders' Meeting of those with the right to vote is allowed exclusively through the representative designated by the Company pursuant to art. art. 135-undecies of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/98 (""TUF"") In particular  the ordinary session of Shareholders' Meeting will also be requested to: express its binding vote on the Remuneration Policy for 2022  contained in Section I of the ""Annual Report on the remuneration policy and remuneration paid"" prepared by the Company in accordance with Art.123 -ter of ""TUF""  and in accordance with Art. 84- quater of the Issuers' Regulations and relative disclosure formats  contained in Format 7- bis set forth in Annex 3A to such Regulation  as amended and supplemented as implementation of EU Directive 2017/828 ("" SHRD II"")  as well as to express an opinion on the remuneration paid in 2022 to the directors  statutory auditors and key managers in accordance with the remuneration policy approved for 2021  indicated in Section II of such report; resolve on the renewal of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Statutory Auditors  whose mandates will expire with the approval of the financial statements as at 31 December 2022; resolve on the renewal of the authorisation to purchase and dispose of treasury shares  subject to cancellation of the resolution on this adopted by the Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 2022. The extraordinary session of Shareholders' Meeting will also be called upon to resolve on: the proposals to amend Arts. 6- bis   15 and 18 of the Articles of Association (concerning  respectively  the statutory regulations on increased voting rights  the composition of the Board of Directors with regard to the number of directors meeting the requirements of independence required by the legal and regulatory legislation in force at the time  as well as the holding of meetings of the Board of Directors via audio or video conference); integration of the Articles of Association with the introduction of the office of ""Honorary Chairman"". The notice calling the Shareholders' Meeting and the relative documentation required by outstanding law  including the Explanatory Reports of the Board of Directors on the items on the agenda for the ordinary and extraordinary sessions prepared in accordance with Art. 125-ter of TUF and Arts. 72  73 and 84-ter of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999 (""Issuers' Regulations"")  will be filed with the Company's registered offices and will be made available on the web site of the Company at www.luvegroup.com (section ""Investor Relations"" - ""Corporate Governance and Shareholders"" - ""For Shareholders"" - ""Shareholders' Meetings"" - ""Shareholders' Meeting of 22 April 2023"")  and on the authorized storage device eMarket Storage at www.emarketstorage.com within the legal deadlines. In compliance with outstanding law  an extract of the notice calling the Shareholders' Meeting will also be published on 18 March 2023 on the ""Il Sole 24Ore"" daily newspaper. IV. PROPOSAL TO RENEW THE AUTHORISATION OF THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING TO PURCHASE AND SELL TREASURY SHARES With reference to the proposal to renew the authorisation of the Shareholders' Meeting to purchase and sell treasury shares  subject to the revocation of the resolution adopted by the Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 2022  it is noted that the reason for the authorisation will be specified in detail in the above Explanatory Report on the items on the agenda of the ordinary session  to which reference is made  which will be made available to the public in the manner indicated above  together with the notice calling the Shareholders' Meeting of 17 March 2022 (in compliance with the notice of at least 40 days prior to the date of the Shareholders' Meeting). The proposal provides that: (i) the maximum number of shares that can be purchased  including on several occasions  is the maximum of 2 223 436 ordinary shares  equal to 10% of the share capital  and  therefore  in an amount not exceeding one-fifth of the Company's share capital; (ii) the purchase authorisation is valid for a period of 18 months starting from the date on which the Shareholders' Meeting adopts the relative resolution  whereas the duration of the authorisation to sell treasury shares is without time limits; (iii) the unit purchase price should be not less than 15% (fifteen percent) and  as a maximum  not higher than 15% (fifteen percent) of the average official trading prices recorded on the Euronext STAR Milan market in the three sessions prior to the purchase or the announcement of the transaction  depending on the technical procedure determined by the Board of Directors  without prejudice to the additional limits deriving from time to time from applicable legislation and permitted market practices; (iv) the purchase transactions can be carried out in accordance with the provisions set forth in Art. 5 of Reg. (EU) no. 596/2014  and will be carried out in compliance with Art. 132 of TUF  Art. 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulations  as well as with any permitted market practices  and in any case in such a way as to ensure equal treatment between the Shareholders and compliance with all applicable legislation  including European standards (including  in particular  technical regulatory standards adopted as implementation of Reg. (EU) no. 596/2014). At present  the Company holds 28 027 ordinary treasury shares  equal to0.1261% of the share capital  and there are no treasury shares held by subsidiaries  fiduciaries or third parties. V. APPROVAL OF OTHER DOCUMENTS At today's meeting  the Board of Directors also approved: the 2022 Sustainability Report of the Lu-Ve Group containing the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree no. 254/2016; Report on corporate governance and ownership structures for the 2022 financial year  drafted pursuant to Art. 123- bis of TUF; the ""Annual Report on remuneration policy and remuneration paid"" prepared in accordance with Art. 123- ter   paragraph 3 of TUF  inclusive  in Section I  of the ""Remuneration Policy 2023"" and in Section II of the remuneration paid in financial year 2022 to the directors  statutory auditors and key managers. The 2022 Report on Sustainability  the above reports and the Annual Financial Report as at 31 December 2022 - containing  among others  the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022  the Directors' Report on operations  the Reports of the Statutory Auditors and the Auditing Firm - will be made available to the public within the terms set by law  respectively at the Company's administrative headquarters and on its website at www.luvegroup.com  section ""Investor Relations""  ""Corporate governance and shareholders""  ""For Shareholders""  ""Shareholders' Meeting""  ""Shareholders' Meeting of 28 April 2023""  as well as on the authorized organized storage mechanism eMarket Storage at www.emarketstorage.com * * * The Manager responsible for preparing the financial reporting  Eligio Macchi  declares  pursuant to Art. 154-bis  paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Law on Finance  that the accounting disclosure contained in this press release corresponds to the results of the accounting documents  books and entries. The Consolidated Reclassified Income Statement  Consolidated Reclassified Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows schedules are attached. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer LU-VE S.p.A. published this content on 14 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 14 March 2023 14:05:05 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about LU-VE S.P.A. 03/14 Lu-ve Group : 2022  ANOTHER YEAR OF RECORDS IN FEBRUARY  ORDER BACKLOG AT 216.2 MILLION (.. PU 03/14 LU-VE raises coupon; earnings and revenue grow double digits in 2022 AN 03/13 Mib plummets over 26 000; SVB sinks banks AN 03/13 Europeans down; banks on the bottom in Piazza Affari. AN 03/01 European stock exchanges expected in green by futures AN 02/28 Milan lone bullish; selling on Monte Paschi AN 02/23 LU-VE appoints Riccardo Quattrini as new general manager AN 02/23 Lu Ve S P A : Ve group appoints a general manager PU 02/23 Lu Ve S P A : Press Release of 23.02.2023 PU 02/23 Lu Ve S P A : Comunicato Stampa del 23.02.2023 PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.06,0.65,True,English,"['LU-VE GROUP', 'ANOTHER YEAR', 'ORDER BACKLOG', 'RECORDS', 'FEBRUARY', '6.2 MILLION', 'LU-VE S.p.A.', ""The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Net financial position negative', 'I. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT', 'multiple email addresses', 'constant exchange rates', 'three extraordinary transactions', ""recent years' highs"", 'sporadic lock-down periods', 'Mr. Iginio Liberali', 'same raw materials', 'new important projects', 'supply chain difficulties', 'new record turnover', 'new projects', 'Matteo Liberali', 'important challenges', 'Annual Report', '2022 financial year', 'Net profit', 'supply sources', 'continuous supply', 'LU-VE GROUP', 'non-recurring revenues', 'Leverage ratio', 'treasury shares', 'corporate governance', 'ownership structures', 'great void', 'great lesson', 'usual passion', 'general framework', 'ACC Wanbao', 'subsidiary Tecnair', 'dramatic invasion', 'brilliant demand', 'significant slowdown', 'second half', 'Product sales', 'organic values', 'safety stocks', 'production capacity', 'general uncertainty', 'delivery times', 'strong tensions', 'Cooling SBU', 'supplier base', 'production sites', 'inevitable inefficiencies', 'other hand', 'strong fluctuations', 'significant increases', 'ORDER BACKLOG', 'energy costs', 'transformation costs', 'transport costs', 'First name', 'remuneration policy', 'dramatic disturbances', 'market opportunities', 'first part', 'procurement difficulties', 'electronic components', 'ANOTHER YEAR', 'sad year', 'challenging year', 'future development', 'purchase prices', 'tumultuous growth', 'end markets', 'uncontrolled increase', 'RECORDS', 'FEBRUARY', '6.2 MILLION', '10:06am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '31 December', 'EBITDA', '28 April', 'Proposal', 'authorisation', 'Uboldo', 'March', 'Board', 'Directors', 'death', 'father', 'founder', 'inspiration', 'Gardener', 'dreams', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'point', 'view', 'results', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'inflation', 'foundations', 'acquisitions', 'activities', 'sustainability', 'women', 'commitment', 'determination', 'intense', 'completion', 'Refrion', 'assets', 'launch', 'segments', 'months', 'orders', 'OEM', 'customers', 'reservation', 'relation', 'operators', 'sector', 'impacts', 'management', 'copper', 'aluminium', 'LME', 'spring', 'surge', 'particular', 'addition', 'Asia', 'spread', 'Covid-19', 'sea', 'road', '98']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,marketscreener.com
20537,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/with-all-plus-accor-reinvents-its-frequent-traveler-subscription-cards-301770140.html,With ALL PLUS  Accor reinvents its frequent traveler subscription cards,PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Following the successful launch of its ground-breaking subscription cards in China and Brazil  Accor today announces the revitalization of the ibis BUSINESS and BUSINESS PLUS frequent traveler cards through the creation of…,"PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Following the successful launch of its ground-breaking subscription cards in China and Brazil  Accor today announces the revitalization of the ibis BUSINESS and BUSINESS PLUS frequent traveler cards through the creation of ALL PLUS ibis and ALL PLUS Voyageur.ALL PLUS Voyageur card (CNW Group/Accor) ALL PLUS ibis card (CNW Group/Accor)A true accelerator of the Accor Live Limitless loyalty program  ALL PLUS provides frequent business & leisure travelers peace of mind when it comes to finding the best price  unlocking last-minute room availability or accelerating status. ALL PLUS Voyageur members benefit from a 20% discount across 10 Luxury & Premium hotel brands and 15% discount in 9 Midscale & Economy brands. Focusing on the Economy segment  the ALL PLUS ibis card offers a 15% discount in the ibis family brands: ibis  ibis Styles & ibis budget.Since one in three business stays is booked 2 to 7 days in advance  ALL PLUS includes booking priority unlocking a room up to 2 days prior to arrival  even if the hotel is fully booked. In this spirit of providing the most elevated treatment to our customers  ALL PLUS leverages the richness of our loyalty program  ALL – Accor Live Limitless and upgrades each subscriber immediately to a minimum of Silver status.Through the deep refresh of its frequent traveler subscription product line  Accor aims to gain further market share in the new bleisure market combining business and leisure activities under one roof  shortening booking lead-time and extending length of stays. This product also enables the Group to position participating hotels as go to destinations for business trips and 'work from anywhere' locations.""Off the back of our industry acclaimed loyalty program  ALL - Accor Live Limitless  we wanted to craft regional subscription products which would resonate with today's traveler. These cards provide access to our best hospitality brands at the highest rational value when booking on ALL.com or App"" said Mehdi HEMICI  Chief Loyalty & E-Commerce Officer.""After 10 years of existence  it was time for paid BUSINESS cards to embrace the bleisure & 'work from anywhere' growing trends. Simpler  stronger and better embedded with the core loyalty program  ALL PLUS provides companies of all size  friends  couples and families the best way to enjoy 4 000 properties across 100 countries"" added Maxime GAREAU  Vice President Global Membership Subscription.The Asia Pacific & India Accor Plus cards will both continue their growth trajectory and be rebranded within the ALL PLUS Family in 2024.To learn more about ALL PLUS  visit our website here : ALL PLUSABOUT ACCORAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www. group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .ABOUT ALL – ACCOR LIVE LIMITLESSALL – Accor Live Limitless is a booking platform and loyalty program that enhances the Accor experience during and beyond the hotel stay. Facilitating seamless connection to Accor hotels across 40+ hotel brands in 110 countries  ALL's booking platform offers an unrivaled choice of stays at the best price  while the loyalty program provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences  notably with over 90 strategic partners. ALL helps members live their passions every day with over 2000 worldwide events  from local discoveries to the year's biggest sporting and musical events and chef masterclasses. ALL – Accor Live Limitless is the loyalty program most awarded by travelers. Discover ALL at all.comALLSOURCE Accor",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['frequent traveler subscription cards', 'ALL PLUS', 'Accor', 'frequent traveler subscription product line', 'BUSINESS PLUS frequent traveler cards', 'Accor Live Limitless loyalty program', 'world leading hospitality group', 'industry acclaimed loyalty program', 'ALL PLUS ibis card', 'India Accor Plus cards', 'ALL PLUS Voyageur members', 'PLUS Voyageur card', 'ground-breaking subscription cards', 'regional subscription products', 'Global Membership Subscription', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'highest rational value', 'ALL PLUS Family', 'core loyalty program', 'The Asia Pacific', 'ibis family brands', 'best hospitality brands', 'last-minute room availability', 'Premium hotel brands', '40+ hotel brands', 'new bleisure market', 'three business stays', 'frequent business', 'BUSINESS cards', 'ibis BUSINESS', '40 hotel brands', 'Chief Loyalty', 'The Group', 'ibis Styles', 'ibis budget', 'ALL.com', 'business trips', 'business ethics', 'market share', 'OTC Market', 'Economy brands', 'best price', 'best way', 'CNW Group', 'hotel stay', 'successful launch', 'true accelerator', 'elevated treatment', 'deep refresh', 'leisure activities', 'participating hotels', 'Mehdi HEMICI', 'E-Commerce Officer', 'growing trends', 'Maxime GAREAU', 'Vice President', 'growth trajectory', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'responsible tourism', 'sustainable development', 'community outreach', 'ISIN code', 'United States', 'seamless connection', 'unrivaled choice', 'wide variety', '90 strategic partners', '2000 worldwide events', 'local discoveries', 'biggest sporting', 'musical events', 'chef masterclasses', 'booking lead-time', 'booking platform', 'Accor SA', 'Accor experience', 'Accor hotels', 'SOURCE Accor', 'Economy segment', 'leisure travelers', 'Silver status', 'one roof', 'Euronext Paris', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'China', 'Brazil', 'revitalization', 'creation', 'peace', 'mind', '20% discount', '10 Luxury', '15% discount', '9 Midscale', 'advance', 'priority', 'arrival', 'spirit', 'customers', 'richness', 'subscriber', 'minimum', 'length', 'destinations', 'locations', 'back', 'today', 'access', 'App', '10 years', 'existence', 'companies', 'size', 'friends', 'couples', 'families', '4,000 properties', '100 countries', 'website', 'ABOUT', 'experiences', '110 countries', '5 400 properties', '10 000 food', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'terms', 'integrity', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok', 'rewards', 'services', 'passions']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.com
20538,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/with-all-plus-accor-reinvents-its-frequent-traveler-subscription-cards-301770166.html,With ALL PLUS  Accor reinvents its frequent traveler subscription cards,PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the successful launch of its ground-breaking subscription cards in China and Brazil  Accor today announces the revitalization of the ibis BUSINESS and BUSINESS PLUS frequent traveler cards through the creation o…,"PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the successful launch of its ground-breaking subscription cards in China and Brazil  Accor today announces the revitalization of the ibis BUSINESS and BUSINESS PLUS frequent traveler cards through the creation of ALL PLUS ibis and ALL PLUS Voyageur.ALL PLUS Logo ALL PLUS Voyageur card ALL PLUS ibis cardA true accelerator of the Accor Live Limitless loyalty program  ALL PLUS provides frequent business & leisure travelers peace of mind when it comes to finding the best price  unlocking last-minute room availability or accelerating status. ALL PLUS Voyageur members benefit from a 20% discount across 10 Luxury & Premium hotel brands and 15% discount in 9 Midscale & Economy brands. Focusing on the Economy segment  the ALL PLUS ibis card offers a 15% discount in the ibis family brands: ibis  ibis Styles & ibis budget.Since one in three business stays is booked 2 to 7 days in advance  ALL PLUS includes booking priority unlocking a room up to 2 days prior to arrival  even if the hotel is fully booked. In this spirit of providing the most elevated treatment to our customers  ALL PLUS leverages the richness of our loyalty program  ALL – Accor Live Limitless and upgrades each subscriber immediately to a minimum of Silver status.Through the deep refresh of its frequent traveler subscription product line  Accor aims to gain further market share in the new bleisure market combining business and leisure activities under one roof  shortening booking lead-time and extending length of stays. This product also enables the Group to position participating hotels as go to destinations for business trips and 'work from anywhere' locations.""Off the back of our industry acclaimed loyalty program  ALL - Accor Live Limitless  we wanted to craft regional subscription products which would resonate with today's traveler. These cards provide access to our best hospitality brands at the highest rational value when booking on ALL.com or App"" said Mehdi HEMICI  Chief Loyalty & E-Commerce Officer.""After 10 years of existence  it was time for paid BUSINESS cards to embrace the bleisure & 'work from anywhere' growing trends. Simpler  stronger and better embedded with the core loyalty program  ALL PLUS provides companies of all size  friends  couples and families the best way to enjoy 4 000 properties across 100 countries"" added Maxime GAREAU  Vice President Global Membership Subscription.The Asia Pacific & India Accor Plus cards will both continue their growth trajectory and be rebranded within the ALL PLUS Family in 2024.To learn more about ALL PLUS  visit our website here : ALL PLUSABOUT ACCORAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www. group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .ABOUT ALL – ACCOR LIVE LIMITLESSALL – Accor Live Limitless is a booking platform and loyalty program that enhances the Accor experience during and beyond the hotel stay. Facilitating seamless connection to Accor hotels across 40+ hotel brands in 110 countries  ALL's booking platform offers an unrivaled choice of stays at the best price  while the loyalty program provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences  notably with over 90 strategic partners. ALL helps members live their passions every day with over 2000 worldwide events  from local discoveries to the year's biggest sporting and musical events and chef masterclasses. ALL – Accor Live Limitless is the loyalty program most awarded by travelers. Discover ALL at all.comALLContacts media relations: Line Crieloue  VP Group External Communications  [email protected]; Mélanie Mahiette  External Communications Manager  [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2031499/Accor_With_ALL_PLUS_%C2%A0Accor%C2%A0reinvents_its_frequent_traveler_subsc.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2031498/Accor_With_ALL_PLUS_%C2%A0Accor%C2%A0reinvents_its_frequent_traveler_subsc.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2031500/Accor_With_ALL_PLUS_%C2%A0Accor%C2%A0reinvents_its_frequent_traveler_subsc.jpgSOURCE Accor",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['frequent traveler subscription cards', 'ALL PLUS', 'Accor', 'frequent traveler subscription product line', 'BUSINESS PLUS frequent traveler cards', 'Accor Live Limitless loyalty program', 'world leading hospitality group', 'VP Group External Communications', 'industry acclaimed loyalty program', 'India Accor Plus cards', 'ALL PLUS Voyageur members', 'ALL PLUS ibis card', 'External Communications Manager', 'ground-breaking subscription cards', 'regional subscription products', 'Global Membership Subscription', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'highest rational value', 'Mélanie Mahiette', 'core loyalty program', 'The Asia Pacific', 'ALL PLUS Family', 'best hospitality brands', 'ibis family brands', 'last-minute room availability', 'Premium hotel brands', '40+ hotel brands', 'new bleisure market', 'three business stays', 'frequent business', 'Voyageur card', 'Line Crieloue', 'BUSINESS cards', 'The Group', 'ibis BUSINESS', '40 hotel brands', 'Chief Loyalty', 'PLUS Logo', 'ibis Styles', 'ibis budget', 'ALL.com', 'business trips', 'business ethics', 'market share', 'OTC Market', 'Economy brands', 'best price', 'best way', 'hotel stay', 'successful launch', 'true accelerator', 'elevated treatment', 'deep refresh', 'leisure activities', 'participating hotels', 'Mehdi HEMICI', 'E-Commerce Officer', 'growing trends', 'Maxime GAREAU', 'Vice President', 'growth trajectory', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'responsible tourism', 'sustainable development', 'community outreach', 'ISIN code', 'United States', 'seamless connection', 'unrivaled choice', 'wide variety', '90 strategic partners', '2000 worldwide events', 'local discoveries', 'biggest sporting', 'musical events', 'chef masterclasses', 'media relations', 'Accor SA', 'Accor experience', 'Accor hotels', 'SOURCE Accor', 'booking lead-time', 'booking platform', 'Economy segment', 'leisure travelers', 'Silver status', 'one roof', 'Euronext Paris', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'China', 'Brazil', 'revitalization', 'creation', 'peace', 'mind', '20% discount', '10 Luxury', '15% discount', '9 Midscale', 'advance', 'priority', 'arrival', 'spirit', 'customers', 'richness', 'subscriber', 'minimum', 'length', 'destinations', 'locations', 'back', 'today', 'access', 'App', '10 years', 'existence', 'companies', 'size', 'friends', 'couples', 'families', '4,000 properties', '100 countries', 'website', 'ABOUT', 'experiences', '110 countries', '5 400 properties', '10 000 food', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'terms', 'integrity', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok', 'rewards', 'services', 'passions', 'Contacts', 'frequent_traveler_subsc', 'Photo']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.com
20539,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://variety.com/2023/tv/global/vivendi-publishing-house-editis-daniel-kretinskys-czech-media-invest-1235553443/,Vivendi in Negotiations to Sell Publishing House Editis to Daniel Kretinsky’s Czech Media Invest,Vivendi has entered into exclusive negotiations to sell 100% of its publishing house Editis to a subsidiary of Czech Media Invest (CMI) founded by Daniel Kretinsky. Following its latest board meeting on March 8  Vivendi said it has received several bids for t…,Vivendi has entered into exclusive negotiations to sell 100% of its publishing house Editis to a subsidiary of Czech Media Invest (CMI) founded by Daniel Kretinsky.Following its latest board meeting on March 8  Vivendi said it has received several bids for the sale of Editis and has chosen the offer brought by International Media Invest  a subsidiary of Kretinsky’s CMI. The deal would have to be approved by the European Commission.Vivendi said the “plan is to distribute the Editis shares to the Vivendi shareholders  and their listing on the Euronext Growth market  is put on hold.” Editis’ evenues dropped by 8% to €789 million in 2022  according to Vivendi. The Paris-based banner is home to Robert Laffont  Plon and Julliard  among others.Besides Editis  Vivendi is the parent company of Canal+ Group  advertising firm Havas  video games banner Gameloft and live entertainment and ticketing outfit Vivendi Village. While it’s in the process of selling Editis  Vivendi has  in recent years  acquired key assets in the publishing world  notably Prisma and a 57.35-percent stake in Lagardere.With the sale of Editis  Vivendi hopes to be able to acquire all of Lagardere  including Hachette. The European Commission raised anti-trust concerns over Vivendi’s contemplated ownership of both Hachette and Editis.Kretinsky  a Czech billionaire who speaks fluent French  has become one of the most influential media owners in France. CMI is now the parent company of several magazines  notably Elle  Public  Télé 7 jours and Marianne.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Publishing House Editis', 'Czech Media Invest', 'Daniel Kretinsky', 'Vivendi', 'Negotiations', 'latest board meeting', 'International Media Invest', 'Euronext Growth market', 'influential media owners', 'Télé 7 jours', 'Czech Media Invest', 'The Paris-based banner', 'The European Commission', 'banner Gameloft', 'Czech billionaire', 'exclusive negotiations', 'publishing house', 'several bids', 'Robert Laffont', 'parent company', 'Canal+ Group', 'advertising firm', 'video games', 'live entertainment', 'ticketing outfit', 'recent years', 'key assets', 'publishing world', '57.35-percent stake', 'anti-trust concerns', 'fluent French', 'several magazines', 'Daniel Kretinsky', 'Vivendi shareholders', 'Vivendi Village', 'Editis shares', 'subsidiary', 'CMI', 'March', 'sale', 'offer', 'deal', 'plan', 'listing', 'Plon', 'Julliard', 'others', 'Havas', 'process', 'Prisma', 'Lagardere', 'Hachette', 'ownership', 'France', 'Elle', 'Public', 'Marianne']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,variety.com
20540,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artprice-by-artmarketcom-publishes-its-26th-annual-report-the-art-market-in-2022-reveals-a-16-increase-in-western-art-auction-turnover-as-the-united-states-regained-its-first-place-and-the-world-posted-a-record-number-of-art--301771676.html,"Artprice by Artmarket.com publishes its 26th annual report. ""The Art Market in 2022"" reveals a 16% increase in Western art auction turnover as the United States regained its first place and the world posted a record number of art auction transactions","PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Artprice's 26th Annual Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs (e…","PARIS  March 14  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Artprice's 26th Annual Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  offers a global analysis of public sales of fine art  i.e. paintings  sculptures  drawings  photographs  printmaking  videos  installations  tapestries  and NFTs (excluding antiques  anonymous cultural property and furniture)  and covers the period between 1 January and 31 December 2022.All prices indicated in this Artprice by Artmarket report refer to results from public auctions  including buyer's fees. All uses of the $ sign refer to US dollars.Global Fine Art & NFT auction turnover (PRNewsfoto/Artmarket.com) Principal marketplaces by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover in 2022 (PRNewsfoto/Artmarket.com)The results of the 2022 Art Market are excellent  despite the pandemic which will remain etched in the history of the modern world and which fortunately seems to be coming to an end.Despite ongoing negative impacts from the pandemic  the figures show a 16% increase in Western auction turnover compared with the previous year (2021).In China  the government's zero-COVID policy caused a sharp 34% contraction in fine art auction turnover to $3.9 billion versus $5.9 billion in 2021.However  art market professionals are expecting a very substantial rebound in China's art market in 2023 and much fiercer competition with the United States.As part of their collaboration to produce truly global art market reports  Artprice  and its Chinese state publishing partner  Artron  are monitoring this fierce competition very closely.In this report  Artprice presents  among other elements  its famous rankings  including the Top 500 Artists by fine art and NFT auction turnover in 2022  and the Top 100 fine art and NFT works sold at auction in 2022.The dematerialization of the art market and its increasing reliance on the Internet is today a reality on all five continents of the world  a reality that will eventually relegate physical auction rooms to the history of the 20th century.According to Thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and founder of Artprice  ""the migration to the Internet of auction houses has taken on spectacular proportions with  on the one hand  a 2 700% increase in the advertising of auctions on the Internet and  on the other hand  and 810% increase in the live-stream sales over the three years of the COVID pandemic. Such figures were generally not expected before 2025-2027"".Artprice by Artmarket is pleased to announce the publication of its 26th annual report ""The Art Market in 2022""  available free of charge  in full and in three languages  both as a consultable online document and as a downloadable PDF:www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022English: https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/the-art-market-in-2022.pdfFrench: https://fr.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/le-marche-de-lart-en-2022.pdfMandarin: https://zh.artprice.com/artprice-reports/pdf/rama/zh-the-art-market-in-2022.pdfGlobal synopsisIn the West  fine art auction turnover reached a new high at $12.6 billion  up 16% versus the $10.9 billion total in 2021.Including China  the global art auction market totaled $16.56 billion versus $17.08 billion in 2021  a 3.1% contraction primarily due to the sharp fall in China's turnover (-34%) as a result of its zero-COVID policy.The volume of transactions reached a new historic level with 705 000 lots sold  compared to 672 000 in 2021.The proportion of unsold lots progressed from 31% in 2021 to 35% in 2022  suggesting the market became slightly more selective.The average auction price for artworks was $23 500 in 2022 compared with $25 730 in 2021.The median auction price was $760 in 2022 versus $930 in 2021.In 2022  80% of the artworks sold for less than $4 500 at auction (versus $4 800 in 2021).The overall art price index fell by -18% between 1 January and 31 December 2022.The Artprice100© index of blue-chip artists was up 3% over 2022 vs. -19% for the S&P 500.Contemporary Art accounted for 16% of the art market compared with 20% in 2021 and only 3% in 2000.Six artworks crossed the symbolic threshold of $100 million  all in New York  compared with just one in 2021.In 2022  a total of 1 682 fine artworks plus 1 NFT crossed the $1 million threshold compared with 1 709 fine artworks plus 25 NFTs in 2021.Global Fine Art & NFT auction turnoverInfographic - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2032675/Artmarket_1.jpgThe United States in pole positionIn 2022  the United States posted its best-ever fine art auction turnover total with 158 000 lots generating $7.34 billion  representing 44% of the global art market (compared with 140 000 lots and $5.8 billion  representing 34% of the global art market in 2021).Paralyzed by its zero-COVID health policy  China generated only $3.91 billion  or 24% of the global art market (vs. $5.9 billion in 2021  or 35% of the global art market).The UK's art auction turnover rose 8% in 2022 to $2.16 billion  consolidating its third place with 13% of the global art market (vs. $2 billion in 2021  or 12% of global turnover).France's art auction market generated $991 million (6% of global turnover)  down 3% vs. 2021 ($1.02 billion or 6% of the global art market) due to an unfavorable Euro/Dollar exchange rate.Germany continued to grow (+6%) totaling $379 million and accounting for 2.3% of global turnover (vs. $359 million in 2021 or 2.1% of the global market).Italy (-11%) and Japan (+10%) finished 2022 neck and neck with $190 million and $185 million respectively (vs. $211 million for Italy and $167 million for Japan in 2021).Germany posted a new record price for a work of art at auction when Max Beckmann's self-portrait fetched $24.4 million.Japan's art auction market also posted a new record price when a work by Andy Warhol sold for $20.8 million.Top 10 countries by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover (and market share) in 2022Action Turnover Market share 1 United States $7 339 083 284 44.31 % 2 China (Artron) $3 913 799 723 23.63 % 3 UK $2 156 700 023 13.02 % 4 France $991 549 591 5.99 % 5 Germany $379 443 977 2.29 % 6 Italy $190 674 079 1.15 % 7 Japan $185 463 014 1.12 % 8 Switzerland $154 773 773 0.93 % 9 South Korea $139 234 350 0.84 % 10 Australia $118 278 877 0.71 %Auction Houses and CollectionsIn 2022  Christie's set a historic new record for its Fine Art & NFT auction activities around the world with a total turnover of $5.8 billion in twelve months (compared with $4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's was the world's second-largest fine art auctioneer with $3.9 billion (compared to $4.4 billion in 2021).Sotheby's may have taken second place behind Christie's in New York  London  and Paris  but it dominated in Hong Kong and Milan in 2022.Having hammered 35% and 24% of global art auction turnover respectively  Christie's and Sotheby's accounted for more than half of the total global value of the secondary art market. In 2021 they accounted for 23% and 26% respectively).On 9 and 10 November 2022  the Paul G. Allen Collection became the most expensive collection of all time  generating $1.6 billion at Christie's in New York.New York was also carried by sales of collections belonging to Anne H. Bass  Thomas Ammann  and David M. Solinger  amongst others.The fine art elements in Hubert de Givenchy's Collection took $59 million at Christie's in Paris.China Guardian was the leading Chinese auction house with $362 million (compared with $677 million in 2021).Artcurial ($92 million in 2022 vs. $91 million in 2021) was the leading fine art auctioneer in France.Principal marketplaces by Fine Art + NFT auction turnover in 2022Infographic - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2032674/Artmarket_2.jpgArtworks and artists by periodOld Masters (artists born before 1759)In 2022  Artworks by Old Masters represented 11% of the total number of art lots sold at auction throughout the world and 7% of the year's global art auction turnover (versus 11% of lots sold and 9% of turnover in 2021).In January and November of 2022  two Botticelli paintings exceeded $40 million in New York.In France  a still life by Jean-Baptiste Siméon Chardin and a drawing by Michelangelo sold for $27 million and $24 million respectively.19th Century Art (artists born between 1760 and 1859)In 2022  works by 19th Century artists accounted for 10% of all the lots sold during the year and 14% of the total global art auction turnover (vs. 10% of the lots sold and 10% of global turnover in 2021).The top-3 results for this period were all hammered in 2022 at over $100 million each.These paintings by Seurat  Cézanne  and Van Gogh were all in the Paul G. Allen Collection.In 2022  Claude Monet was the world's 2nd most successful artist with an annual auction turnover total of $539 million (in 2021 the French artist was 4th with $305 million).Modern Art (artists born between 1860 and 1919)In 2022  Modern Art was the leading segment of the art auction market accounting for 35% of its lots sold and 37% of its value (vs. 37% of lots sold and 37% of turnover in 2021).Pablo Picasso was the third most popular artist of the year at auction  generating $494 million (In 2021  he was the most popular with $672 million).Gustav Klimt's Birch Forest (1903) became the 10th most expensive Modern artwork ever sold at auction when it fetched $104 million.With no less than 30 million-plus auction results (in USD) during 2022  René Magritte ended the year among the world's five top-selling artists.Magritte's The Empire of Light (1961) fetched the year's best Modern Art auction result at $79 million in London.Zhang Daqian's Landscape after Wang Ximeng (1947) fetched the Chinese art auction market's best result in 2022 at $47 million.Two photographs set new world records for that medium: one by Man Ray at $12.4 million and the other by Edward Steichen at $11.8 million.Post-War Art (artists born between 1920 and 1944)Post-War Art accounted for 26% of lots sold and 26% of overall turnover (25% of lots sold and 23% of turnover in 2021).Andy Warhol was the most successful artist of the year at auction  with 2 160 lots sold generating $590 million (he was 3rd in 2021 with $348 million).Warhol's Shot Sage Blue Marilyn (1964) becomes the second most expensive work of all time when it fetched $195 million.Lucian Freud's Large Interior  W11 (1981/83) fetched a new auction record for the artist at $86 million.Gerhard Richter was the top-selling living artist of the year at auction with a total turnover of $226 million ($246 million in 2021).Three Alighiero Boetti tapestries become the most expensive tapestries ever sold at auction  at more than $5 million each.Yayoi Kusama was the only woman in the top 10 artists: In 2022  900 of her lots sold generating a total of $195 million (vs. 778 lots sold for $178 million in 2021).Contemporary Art (artists born after 1945)Contemporary Art sales accounted for 18% of lots sold and 16% of global auction turnover.Jean-Michel Basquiat dropped to 7th place in the Artprice ranking with an annual turnover of $221 million (he was 2nd in 2021 with $439 million).Jeff Koons' sculpture Jim Beam (1986) sold for $17 million in 2022 but was worth $33 million in 2014.Yoshitomo Nara marked Hong Kong auctions when Oddly Cozy (2013) fetched $14.3 million.Ultra-Contemporary Art (artists under 40)Two works by Matthew Wong and a painting by Avery Singer crossed the $5 million threshold at auction.Artist Ayoko Rokkaku (1982) ranked 75th in Artprice's global ranking with $32 million (she was 97th in 2021 with $21.5 million).Flora Yukhnovich (1990) generated $14.6 million with a new personal best of $3.6 million.Njideka. A. Crosby's The Beautyful Ones (2012) sold for $4.7 million in 2022 versus $3.1 million in 2017.Anna Weyant set a new auction record for a woman artist under 30 at $1.6 million.Refik Anadol (1985) elicited the best price of the year for an NFT when his Living Architecture: Casa Batlló (2022) fetched $1.4 million (compared to an NFT record price of $69.4 million for Beeple in 2021).In conclusion  somewhat counter-intuitively – given the current geopolitical and economic context – the art market has in fact demonstrated insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for artworks from all artistic periods in a large number of the market's key hubs. Primary indicators of the art market's health  we have not seen any cancellations of Classic and/or Prestige cataloged sales in 2022 or 2023.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that the art market is a solid safe haven investment  as proved by the Artprice100© index  which clearly outperformed traditional stock market indices last year. This current period of uncertainty on the stock markets therefore also redirects new funds and investments into the art market.Artprice had already noted that during the main crises of the recent past – the Nasdaq crash in 2000  the nine-eleven attacks in 2001 September  the Afghan war in 2001  the Iraq war in 2003  the subprime and CDS crisis in 2007  the negative interest rates era that began in 2011 and the Covid 2019 crisis – the art market was less impacted than the financial markets and the overall economy.As proof  a new page in the history of auctions has just been turned: the highly-anticipated dispersion of the art collection acquired by Paul G. Allen – who founded Microsoft along with Bill Gates in 1975 – was the first-ever private collection to take over $1 billion at auction  generating a staggering total of $1.62 billion with five works selling for prices substantially above the $100 million threshold at Christie's New York.Thanks to Christie's and Sotheby's remarkably well-conducted sales of exceptional American collections  the year 2022 became a significant milestone in the history of public auctions.Neither the war on European soil nor fears of an economic recession have not got the better of the art market.As regards 2023  in view of the initial results and the anticipated uptick in China's art auction activity after the end of its zero-COVID policy  the outlook is distinctly positive.Images:[https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image1-global-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover.png] [https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2023/03/image2-principal-marketplaces-fine-art-and-nft-auction-turnover-in-2022.png]Copyright 1987-2023 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: [email protected]for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo(free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo Subscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket.com is owned by Server Group  which is the main shareholder and founder.Artmarket.com is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 810 000 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6500 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million 'members log in' users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket's Global Art Market Report  ""The Art Market in 2022""  published in March 2023:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2022Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comIndex of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 6.1 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4.2 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgSOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.2,0.47,True,English,"['Western art auction turnover', 'art auction transactions', 'The Art Market', '26th annual report', 'Artmarket.com', 'United States', 'first place', 'record number', 'Artprice', '16% increase', 'world', 'Chinese state publishing partner', 'fine art auction turnover total', 'overall art price index', 'NFT auction turnover Infographic', 'global art market reports', 'average auction price', 'median auction price', 'Western auction turnover', 'The Artprice100© index', 'anonymous cultural property', 'ongoing negative impacts', 'physical auction rooms', 'consultable online document', 'global art auction', 'Global Fine Art', 'art market professionals', 'new historic level', 'Top 100 fine art', '26th Annual Report', 'The Art Market', 'zero-COVID health policy', 'The United States', '2022 Art Market', 'auction houses', 'Contemporary Art', 'global analysis', 'Global synopsis', 'global tu', 'The UK', 'zero-COVID policy', 'NFT works', '$10.9 billion total', '1,682 fine artworks', '1,709 fine artworks', 'Top 500 Artists', 'new high', 'New York', 'public sales', 'US dollars', 'Principal marketplaces', 'previous year', 'substantial rebound', 'fiercer competition', 'fierce competition', 'other elements', 'famous rankings', 'increasing reliance', 'five continents', '20th century', 'Thierry Ehrmann', 'spectacular proportions', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'live-stream sales', 'three years', 'three languages', 'downloadable PDF', 'sharp fall', 'blue-chip artists', 'S&P 500', 'symbolic threshold', '$1 million threshold', 'pole position', 'third place', 'Artmarket report', 'Six artworks', 'public auctions', 'modern world', 'sharp 34% contraction', 'Such figures', 'Artmarket.com', 'COVID pandemic', 'unsold lots', '1 NFT', '3.1% contraction', '705,000 lots', '158,000 lots', '140,000 lots', 'PARIS', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'paintings', 'sculptures', 'drawings', 'photographs', 'printmaking', 'videos', 'installations', 'tapestries', 'NFTs', 'antiques', 'furniture', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'prices', 'results', 'buyer', 'fees', '$ sign', 'PRNewsfoto', 'history', 'end', '16% increase', 'China', 'government', 'collaboration', 'Artron', 'dematerialization', 'Internet', 'reality', 'CEO', 'founder', 'migration', '2,700% increase', 'advertising', '810% increase', 'publication', 'charge', 'full', 'artprice-reports', 'art-market', 'lart', 'Mandarin', 'volume', 'transactions', '5/Artmarket']",2023-03-14,2023-03-15,prnewswire.com
20541,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58565353-fermentalg-fermentalg-strengthens-its-cash-position-through-a-eur6-3-million-bond-issue-with-four-european-investors-to-boost-its-development-plan-650.htm,FERMENTALG: Fermentalg strengthens its cash position through a EUR6.3 million bond issue with four European investors  to boost its development plan,Fermentalg (Euronext - FALG)  the French microalgae expert  announces that it has completed as of March 14th a €6.3 million convertible bond issue subscribed by four European,"Libourne - March 15  2023 - Fermentalg (Euronext - FALG)  the French microalgae expert  announces that it has completed as of March 14th a €6.3 million convertible bond issue subscribed by four European investors.Philippe Lavielle  CEO of Fermentalg  said: « The year 2023 promises to be an important one for Fermentalg with the start of industrial production and the pre-commercialization phases of our natural blue food colorant BLUE ORIGINS® and more generally with the gradual expansion of potential outlets for our various product platforms. In a context still marked in the short term by macroeconomic uncertainty and financial markets volatility  this €6.3 million bond financing gives us additional resources to serve our development ambitions and seize opportunities to accelerate our growth. »Main characteristics of the bond issueThe issue of convertible bonds was decided on the basis of the delegation of powers granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company on June 15  2022 under its 17th resolution. The 6 847 828 convertible bonds issued  with a nominal value of €1 each and a total nominal value of €6 847 828  were subscribed at 92% of their nominal value  i.e. for a total subscription price of €6.3 million. They will not bear interest and will mature on March 13  2026.The subscription price  paid up in cash  is paid in full on the day of subscription. The conversion price of the convertible bonds will be based on the stock market price at the time of conversion[1] in compliance with the price rule and the ceiling fixed by the General Meeting[2]. The proceeds of the issue will be used to finance the company's operating and investment needs and to extend its cash visibility from 18 to more than 24 months. The unconverted bonds are redeemable at 100% of their nominal value at the end of a period of 36 months following the issue date of the loan. The bonds are convertible at any time between the issue date and the maturity of the bond issue.As an indication  if all the convertible bonds were converted on the basis of Fermentalg's share price at the close of March 14  2023[3]  a shareholder holding 1.00% of Fermentalg's share capital before the issuance and conversion of all the bonds would see his shareholding reduced to 0.89% of the share capital on a non-diluted basis and to 0.90% of the share capital on a diluted basis (taking into account the dilutive instruments already in existence on March 15  2023). The new shares resulting from the conversion of the convertible bonds will be subject to all the provisions of the bylaws  will be fully assimilated to the old ordinary shares and will enjoy the same rights.The transaction was advised and structured by Vester Finance  which is also underwriting the bond issue.Risk factorsThe risk factors affecting the Company are presented in paragraph 4 of the 2021 universal registration document as published by the Company on April 29  2022 and as updated in paragraph 2.5 and in note 25 of the 2022 half-year financial report published by the Company on September 30  2022 and available on the Company's website (at the following address https://www.fermentalg.com/investisseurs/rapports-financiers/).As the conversion price of the bonds depends on the evolution of the share price  the number of shares likely to be issued upon conversion of the bonds cannot be determined with precision on the day of issue of the bonds.The following table shows different assumptions for the variation of the dilution according to the evolution of the share price:Sensitivity table(Assumptions given for information purposes only) -10% Current* 10% €2.50 Shares created 5 353 411 4 818 070 4 380 064 2 913 969 Dilution on existing capital 12.7% 11.4% 10.4% 6.9% Impact on 1% of capital 0.87% 0.89% 0.90% 0.93% Dilution on diluted capital** 1.6% 10.5% 9.5% 6.3% Impact on 1% of capital 0.88% 0.90% 0.90% 0.94%* Closing price on March 14  2023  i.e. €1.51** On the basis of the dilutive instruments already in existence on March 15  2023  i.e. the OC2020 subscribed by DDW and the associated BSA-OC and the free shares.The dilution associated with the OC2020 is calculated on the basis of a conversion price of €1.75  which will become variable in case of conversion after June 20  2023Prospectus - Basis of the issueNo application will be made for the bonds to be admitted to trading on Euronext. The present issue does not give rise to the preparation of a prospectus subject to the approval of the ""Autorité des Marchés Financiers"" since it represents less than 20% of the capital over a rolling twelve-month period[4] and is for an amount of less than 8 million euros.In the event that the shares issued by the company  including shares to be issued upon conversion of the bonds  should represent a volume of new shares over a sliding 12-month period approaching 20% of the shares[5]  the company reserves the right to activate the contractual option of early redemption without charge or to seek the approval of the AMF for a prospectus.The 17th resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company of June 15  2022 provides for a delegation of authority  with cancellation of the preferential subscription right reserved for members of a category of persons  to decide on the issue of ordinary shares  financial securities or any securities that may give rise to one or more increases in the share capital for a maximum nominal amount of €600 000  i.e.  a maximum number of shares to be issued  in accordance with the terms of this delegation  of 15 000 000 shares with a par value of €0.04.The category of persons benefiting from the cancellation of the preferential subscription right includes in particular persons investing on a regular basis in growth companies known as ""small caps"" linked to the health and/or energy sector for minimum amounts of at least 100 000 euros including the issue premium per investment or per project  a category to which the investors belong.About FermentalgAs an expert in research and bioindustrial exploitation of microalgae  Fermentalg's objective is to offer sustainable solutions and innovative products contributing to the development of healthy  natural and efficient products. Our business: the development  production and marketing of sustainable solutions and active ingredients from microalgae for nutrition  health and the environment. Nutritional lipids  alternative proteins  natural food colorings and innovative environmental solutions make up our company's current and future offer.Fermentalg shares are listed on Euronext Paris (FR0011271600 - FALG) and are eligible for the PEA-PME and the ""SRD long-only"". It benefits from an Exemplary rating (85/100) from Gaïa Research  a rating agency specializing in ESG performance ratings of SMEs listed on European markets  in favor of Socially Responsible Investment (SRI).More information: www.fermentalg.comJournalists contact : Investor contact : ACTUS finance & communicationFatou-Kiné N'DIAYEphone: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 34fndiaye@actus.fr ACTUS finance & communicationAnne-Catherine BONJOURphone: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93fermentalg@actus.fr[1] At least equal to the lower of €2.50 and 94% of the lowest of the daily volume-weighted average prices overa period of 15 days preceding the conversion request[2] The issue price of the shares must be ""at least equal to the average of the weighted average prices of the last three (3) trading sessions preceding the setting of the issue price  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 25%.""[3] That is to say  on the basis of a share price of €1.51 and an effective conversion price of €1.42: issue of 4 818 070 new shares[4] The subscribers have undertaken not to request the conversion of bonds generating  over a rolling twelve-month period  the issuance of a number of shares equal to or greater than 20% of the company's shares.[5] It is specified  for all intents and purposes  that Fermentalg may issue  as of February 28  2023  a maximum number of 8 419 541 shares without a prospectus.------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:lG9rYshmZm2Wx52bapybbWdla2+Sm5SXbmPJl2ZulMqXbGtpmm1kaMnJZnBpnmlu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-78948-fermentalg_cp_emission_oblig_20230314_vdef_uk.pdf",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['EUR6.3 million bond issue', 'four European investors', 'cash position', 'development plan', 'Fermentalg', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'natural blue food colorant', 'sliding 12-month period approaching', '€6.3 million convertible bond issue', 'French microalgae expert', 'four European investors', 'various product platforms', 'financial markets volatility', '2021 universal registration document', '2022 half-year financial report', 'rolling twelve-month period', '€6.3 million bond financing', 'stock market price', 'old ordinary shares', 'total nominal value', 'total subscription price', 'BLUE ORIGINS®', '8 million euros', 'price rule', 'share price', 'Closing price', 'Philippe Lavielle', 'important one', 'industrial production', 'pre-commercialization phases', 'gradual expansion', 'potential outlets', 'short term', 'macroeconomic uncertainty', 'additional resources', 'development ambitions', 'Main characteristics', 'General Meeting', '17th resolution', 'investment needs', 'dilutive instruments', 'same rights', 'Vester Finance', 'Risk factors', 'following address', 'following table', 'Sensitivity table', 'information purposes', 'contractual option', 'early redemption', 'issue date', 'present issue', 'convertible bonds', 'share capital', 'existing capital', 'diluted capital', 'new shares', 'free shares', 'conversion price', 'cash visibility', 'different assumptions', 'unconverted bonds', 'diluted basis', 'Libourne', 'Fermentalg', 'Euronext', 'FALG', 'CEO', 'start', 'context', 'opportunities', 'growth', 'delegation', 'powers', 'Shareholders', 'Company', 'June', 'interest', 'day', 'time', 'compliance', 'ceiling', 'proceeds', 'operating', '24 months', 'end', '36 months', 'loan', 'maturity', 'indication', 'close', 'issuance', 'shareholding', 'account', 'existence', 'provisions', 'bylaws', 'transaction', 'paragraph', 'April', 'note', 'September', 'website', 'rapports-financiers', 'evolution', 'number', 'precision', 'variation', 'dilution', 'Impact', 'OC2020', 'DDW', 'associated', 'BSA-OC', 'case', 'Prospectus', 'application', 'rise', 'preparation', 'approval', 'less', 'amount', 'event', 'volume', 'charge', 'AMF', '18']",2023-03-05,2023-03-15,finanznachrichten.de
20542,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/en/fermentalg/pr/2023/03/15/fermentalg-strengthens-its-cash-position-through-a-eur6_3-million-bond-issue-with-four-european-investors-to-boost-its,Fermentalg strengthens its cash position through a EUR6.3 million bond issue with four European investors  to boost its development plan,Fermentalg strengthens its cash position through a EUR6.3 million bond issue with four European investors  to boost its development plan,"15/03/2023 - 17:30Libourne - March 15  2023 - Fermentalg (Euronext - FALG)  the French microalgae expert  announces that it has completed as of March 14th a €6.3 million convertible bond issue subscribed by four European investors.Philippe Lavielle  CEO of Fermentalg  said: « The year 2023 promises to be an important one for Fermentalg with the start of industrial production and the pre-commercialization phases of our natural blue food colorant BLUE ORIGINS® and more generally with the gradual expansion of potential outlets for our various product platforms. In a context still marked in the short term by macroeconomic uncertainty and financial markets volatility  this €6.3 million bond financing gives us additional resources to serve our development ambitions and seize opportunities to accelerate our growth. »Main characteristics of the bond issueThe issue of convertible bonds was decided on the basis of the delegation of powers granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company on June 15  2022 under its 17th resolution. The 6 847 828 convertible bonds issued  with a nominal value of €1 each and a total nominal value of €6 847 828  were subscribed at 92% of their nominal value  i.e. for a total subscription price of €6.3 million. They will not bear interest and will mature on March 13  2026.The subscription price  paid up in cash  is paid in full on the day of subscription. The conversion price of the convertible bonds will be based on the stock market price at the time of conversion[1] in compliance with the price rule and the ceiling fixed by the General Meeting[2]. The proceeds of the issue will be used to finance the company's operating and investment needs and to extend its cash visibility from 18 to more than 24 months. The unconverted bonds are redeemable at 100% of their nominal value at the end of a period of 36 months following the issue date of the loan. The bonds are convertible at any time between the issue date and the maturity of the bond issue.As an indication  if all the convertible bonds were converted on the basis of Fermentalg's share price at the close of March 14  2023[3]  a shareholder holding 1.00% of Fermentalg's share capital before the issuance and conversion of all the bonds would see his shareholding reduced to 0.89% of the share capital on a non-diluted basis and to 0.90% of the share capital on a diluted basis (taking into account the dilutive instruments already in existence on March 15  2023). The new shares resulting from the conversion of the convertible bonds will be subject to all the provisions of the bylaws  will be fully assimilated to the old ordinary shares and will enjoy the same rights.The transaction was advised and structured by Vester Finance  which is also underwriting the bond issue.Risk factorsThe risk factors affecting the Company are presented in paragraph 4 of the 2021 universal registration document as published by the Company on April 29  2022 and as updated in paragraph 2.5 and in note 25 of the 2022 half-year financial report published by the Company on September 30  2022 and available on the Company's website (at the following address https://www.fermentalg.com/investisseurs/rapports-financiers/).As the conversion price of the bonds depends on the evolution of the share price  the number of shares likely to be issued upon conversion of the bonds cannot be determined with precision on the day of issue of the bonds.The following table shows different assumptions for the variation of the dilution according to the evolution of the share price:Sensitivity table(Assumptions given for information purposes only) -10% Current* 10% €2.50 Shares created 5 353 411 4 818 070 4 380 064 2 913 969 Dilution on existing capital 12.7% 11.4% 10.4% 6.9% Impact on 1% of capital 0.87% 0.89% 0.90% 0.93% Dilution on diluted capital** 1.6% 10.5% 9.5% 6.3% Impact on 1% of capital 0.88% 0.90% 0.90% 0.94%* Closing price on March 14  2023  i.e. €1.51** On the basis of the dilutive instruments already in existence on March 15  2023  i.e. the OC2020 subscribed by DDW and the associated BSA-OC and the free shares.The dilution associated with the OC2020 is calculated on the basis of a conversion price of €1.75  which will become variable in case of conversion after June 20  2023Prospectus - Basis of the issueNo application will be made for the bonds to be admitted to trading on Euronext. The present issue does not give rise to the preparation of a prospectus subject to the approval of the “Autorité des Marchés Financiers” since it represents less than 20% of the capital over a rolling twelve-month period[4] and is for an amount of less than 8 million euros.In the event that the shares issued by the company  including shares to be issued upon conversion of the bonds  should represent a volume of new shares over a sliding 12-month period approaching 20% of the shares[5]  the company reserves the right to activate the contractual option of early redemption without charge or to seek the approval of the AMF for a prospectus.The 17th resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company of June 15  2022 provides for a delegation of authority  with cancellation of the preferential subscription right reserved for members of a category of persons  to decide on the issue of ordinary shares  financial securities or any securities that may give rise to one or more increases in the share capital for a maximum nominal amount of €600 000  i.e.  a maximum number of shares to be issued  in accordance with the terms of this delegation  of 15 000 000 shares with a par value of €0.04.The category of persons benefiting from the cancellation of the preferential subscription right includes in particular persons investing on a regular basis in growth companies known as ""small caps"" linked to the health and/or energy sector for minimum amounts of at least 100 000 euros including the issue premium per investment or per project  a category to which the investors belong.About FermentalgAs an expert in research and bioindustrial exploitation of microalgae  Fermentalg's objective is to offer sustainable solutions and innovative products contributing to the development of healthy  natural and efficient products. Our business : the development  production and marketing of sustainable solutions and active ingredients from microalgae for nutrition  health and the environment. Nutritional lipids  alternative proteins  natural food colorings and innovative environmental solutions make up our company's current and future offer.Fermentalg shares are listed on Euronext Paris (FR0011271600 - FALG) and are eligible for the PEA-PME and the ""SRD long-only"". It benefits from an Exemplary rating (85/100) from Gaïa Research  a rating agency specializing in ESG performance ratings of SMEs listed on European markets  in favor of Socially Responsible Investment (SRI).More information : www.fermentalg.comJournalists contact : Investor contact : ACTUS finance & communicationFatou-Kiné N'DIAYEphone : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 34fndiaye@actus.fr ACTUS finance & communicationAnne-Catherine BONJOURphone: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93fermentalg@actus.fr[1] At least equal to the lower of €2.50 and 94% of the lowest of the daily volume-weighted average prices overa period of 15 days preceding the conversion request[2] The issue price of the shares must be ""at least equal to the average of the weighted average prices of the last three (3) trading sessions preceding the setting of the issue price  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 25%.""[3] That is to say  on the basis of a share price of €1.51 and an effective conversion price of €1.42: issue of 4 818 070 new shares[4] The subscribers have undertaken not to request the conversion of bonds generating  over a rolling twelve-month period  the issuance of a number of shares equal to or greater than 20% of the company's shares.[5] It is specified  for all intents and purposes  that Fermentalg may issue  as of February 28  2023  a maximum number of 8 419 541 shares without a prospectus.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.04,0.29,0.67,True,English,"['EUR6.3 million bond issue', 'four European investors', 'cash position', 'development plan', 'Fermentalg', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'natural blue food colorant', 'sliding 12-month period approaching', '€6.3 million convertible bond issue', 'French microalgae expert', 'four European investors', 'various product platforms', 'financial markets volatility', '2021 universal registration document', '2022 half-year financial report', 'rolling twelve-month period', '€6.3 million bond financing', 'stock market price', 'old ordinary shares', 'total nominal value', 'total subscription price', 'BLUE ORIGINS®', '8 million euros', 'price rule', 'share price', 'Closing price', 'Philippe Lavielle', 'important one', 'industrial production', 'pre-commercialization phases', 'gradual expansion', 'potential outlets', 'short term', 'macroeconomic uncertainty', 'additional resources', 'development ambitions', 'Main characteristics', 'General Meeting', '17th resolution', 'investment needs', 'dilutive instruments', 'same rights', 'Vester Finance', 'Risk factors', 'following address', 'following table', 'Sensitivity table', 'information purposes', 'contractual option', 'early redemption', 'issue date', 'present issue', 'convertible bonds', 'share capital', 'existing capital', 'diluted capital', 'new shares', 'free shares', 'conversion price', 'cash visibility', 'different assumptions', 'unconverted bonds', 'diluted basis', 'Libourne', 'Fermentalg', 'Euronext', 'FALG', 'CEO', 'start', 'context', 'opportunities', 'growth', 'delegation', 'powers', 'Shareholders', 'Company', 'June', 'interest', 'day', 'time', 'compliance', 'ceiling', 'proceeds', 'operating', '24 months', 'end', '36 months', 'loan', 'maturity', 'indication', 'close', 'issuance', 'shareholding', 'account', 'existence', 'provisions', 'bylaws', 'transaction', 'paragraph', 'April', 'note', 'September', 'website', 'rapports-financiers', 'evolution', 'number', 'precision', 'variation', 'dilution', 'Impact', 'OC2020', 'DDW', 'associated', 'BSA-OC', 'case', 'Prospectus', 'application', 'rise', 'preparation', 'approval', 'less', 'amount', 'event', 'volume', 'charge', 'AMF', '18']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,actusnews.com
20543,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1105784963/Teleperformance-Launches-New-Global-Headquarters-In-The-Metaverse-With-24-Hour-Grand-Opening-Celebration,Teleperformance Launches New Global Headquarters In The Metaverse With 24-Hour Grand Opening Celebration,PRNewswire/ -- teleperformance   the global leader in outsourced digital integrated business services  today announced it,The new teleperformance headquarters in decentraland includes a concierge desk  recruitment center where people can apply for a job  meeting rooms for employees and clients  a sports arena which holds the performance stage and space for sports activities hosted by company's sponsor athletes.Teleperformance has a rigorous history of investing in digital technologies that blend high touch with high tech.'Teleperformance has a rigorous history of investing in digital technologies that blend high touch with high tech to create one-of-a-kind meaningful interactions with our clients  their customers and our employees ' said Luciana Cemerka  Vice President of Global Marketing  Teleperformance. 'We've continued our heritage with our new headquarters in Decentraland and the introduction of Isabela as our new digital influencer.'The teleperformance 24-hour headquarters grand opening celebration kicks off at 10 am EST on March 16  and includes music by DJ Harrison First and DJ New Lady  sports competitions where visitors can challenge Teleperformance-sponsored inspiredathletes  and opportunities to win Teleperformance branded wearables  including jackets  sneakers  t-shirts and more.While at the celebration  talk with the company's new brand ambassador and virtual influencer  isabella   to see what it's like to work at the company. Isabella will keep visitors up to date regarding Teleperformance projects worldwide and provide guided tours across the company's digital properties around the globe.The new headquarters in Decentraland also hosts a recruitment center  where visitors can learn about Teleperformance and apply for a job to join our growing family of 410 000 employees across the globe.The new Teleperformance headquarters in Decentraland is part of the company's ongoing digital transformation to help its clients deliver easier  simpler experiences to their customers. click here to learn how teleperformance is helping clients in their next phase of digital transformation in the metaverse to drive long-term growth in today's emerging virtual environment.ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  a global leader in outsourced digital integrated business services  serves as a strategic partner to the world's largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. More than 410 000 employees  based in 91 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 300 languages and 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the 'Simpler  Faster  Safer' process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry's highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: . Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceSOURCE Teleperformance,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['24-Hour Grand Opening Celebration', 'New Global Headquarters', 'The Metaverse', 'Teleperformance', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'teleperformance 24-hour headquarters grand opening celebration', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'digital integrated business services', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'S&P Europe', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'optimized business processes', 'Euronext Paris market', 'DJ Harrison First', 'successful customer interaction', 'deferred settlement service', 'DJ New Lady', 'new brand ambassador', 'emerging virtual environment', 'ongoing digital transformation', 'easier, simpler experiences', 'new teleperformance headquarters', 'new digital influencer', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'new headquarters', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Global Marketing', 'virtual influencer', 'global leader', 'digital technologies', 'digital properties', 'concierge desk', 'recruitment center', 'meeting rooms', 'sports arena', 'performance stage', 'sports activities', 'rigorous history', 'meaningful interactions', 'Luciana Cemerka', 'Vice President', 'sports competitions', 'Teleperformance-sponsored inspired', 'guided tours', 'growing family', 'next phase', 'long-term growth', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', ""Safer' process"", 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'Teleperformance projects', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'Teleperformance shares', 'SOURCE Teleperformance', 'sponsor athletes', 'TEP FP', 'decentraland', 'people', 'job', 'employees', 'clients', 'space', 'company', 'kind', 'customers', 'heritage', 'introduction', 'Isabela', 'March', 'music', 'visitors', 'opportunities', 'wearables', 'jackets', 'sneakers', 't-shirts', 'Isabella', 'globe', 'metaverse', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'end', 'More', '91 countries', 'billions', 'connections', '300 languages', '170 markets', 'commitment', 'Faster', 'mission', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter', '10']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,menafn.com
20544,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lelezard.com/en/news-20812172.html,GenSight Biologics Announces Presentation of LUMEVOQ® Efficacy and Safety Data from Early Access Programs for ND4-LHON Patients at NANOS 2023,GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible)  a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  today announces ...,"GenSight Biologics Announces Presentation of LUMEVOQ® Efficacy and Safety Data from Early Access Programs for ND4-LHON Patients at NANOS 2023Regulatory News:GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible)  a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  today announces that efficacy and safety data from patients with Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy carrying the ND4 mutation (ND4-LHON) treated with lenadogene nolparvovec (LUMEVOQ®  GS010) through early access programs (EAP)  were presented at the 49th Annual Meeting of the North American Neuro-Ophthalmology Society (NANOS). The data were collected from EAPs across the US  France  Italy  and the UK.""It is important to observe that the efficacy and safety data from these early access programs are consistent with what LUMEVOQ showed in its clinical trials and that they confirm LUMEVOQ as being a real option for LHON patients with the ND4 mutation "" commented Catherine Vignal-Clermont  MD  and Head of the Ophthalmology Department at Foundation Hospital Adolphe de Rothschild  Paris  France  and Head of the Ophthalmology  Neuro-Ophthalmology and Oculomotricity Department at the Quinze-Vingts National Eye Hospital  Paris  France. ""And I was delighted to share these data with the wider scientific and medical community at the prestigious NANOS Conference.""Lenadogene nolparvovec was made available through EAPs in the respective countries based on unsolicited requests from clinicians and patients and authorized for use by local regulations. Between August 2018 and March 2022  63 ND4-LHON patients received intravitreal injections of lenadogene nolparvovec  with 67 percent of patients receiving injections in both eyes (bilateral treatment)  while 33 percent of patients received an injection in one eye (unilateral treatment). Individual data from 45 out of the 63 patients who had passed the one-year post-treatment point and performed their one-year visit were pooled and analyzed1.The data confirmed the efficacy and safety profile of LUMEVOQ® in a real-world setting. The mean change in best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA) at one-year post-treatment in all eyes was an increase of 22.5 ETDRS letters (-0.45 LogMAR) compared to nadir (i.e.  the worst visual acuity achieved from baseline to one-year time point). The improvement was better in patients who received bilateral injections with a mean BCVA improvement of 24.5 ETDRS letters (-0.49 LogMAR) versus nadir in comparison to 19.5 ETDRS letters (-0.39 LogMAR) for unilaterally treated patients.Figure 1: Global evolution of mean BCVA over two years in patients who received LUMEVOQ® in early access programs.[Graph included above]Baseline Month 1 Month 3 Month 6 Month 9 Year 1 Year 1.5 Year 2 Number of eyes 124 107 107 103 88 90 34 14Responder analyses demonstrate clinically meaningful improvement in BCVA in a large proportion of patients' eyes. One year after treatment1  64 percent of eyes showed an improvement of at least 15 ETDRS letters (?0.3 LogMAR) from nadir and 60 percent of eyes achieved clinically relevant recovery (CRR) from nadir.The safety results obtained in the EAPs were consistent with those observed in the clinical studies  showing a favorable safety profile of lenadogene nolparvovec. Notably  intraocular inflammation events reported in LUMEVOQ®-treated eyes were comparable in frequency  intensity  and location to those observed in the clinical studies.Bernard Gilly  Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of GenSight Biologics  said: ""These real-world data add to our growing body of clinical evidence in which LUMEVOQ has repeatedly demonstrated its ability to safely improve visual acuity in ND4-LHON patients who are losing their sight. We are now concentrating all our efforts to bring this innovative treatment to the wider ND4-LHON population as soon as possible.""The efficacy and safety data from EAP for ND4-LHON patients were presented through a poster by Catherine Vignal-Clermont at NANOS Conference being held in Orlando  Florida from March 11-16  2023.Presentation: "" Use of Lenadogene Nolparvovec Gene Therapy for Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy in Early Access Programs """" Poster Presentation by Catherine Vignal-Clermont  MDSession: Analytical Studies (poster number: 279)Tuesday  March 14th  2023  6:30 - 7:30 pm ESTAbout GenSight BiologicsGenSight Biologics S.A. is a clinical-stage biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders. GenSight Biologics' pipeline leverages two core technology platforms  the Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence (MTS) and optogenetics  to help preserve or restore vision in patients suffering from blinding retinal diseases. GenSight Biologics' lead product candidate  LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)  is an investigational compound and has not been registered in any country at this stage; a marketing authorization application is currently under review by the EMA for the treatment of Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)  a rare mitochondrial disease affecting primarily teens and young adults that leads to irreversible blindness. Using its gene therapy-based approach  GenSight Biologics' product candidates are designed to be administered in a single treatment to each eye by intravitreal injection to offer patients a sustainable functional visual recovery.About LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec) targets Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON) by leveraging a mitochondrial targeting sequence (MTS) proprietary technology platform  arising from research conducted at the Institut de la Vision in Paris  which  when associated with the gene of interest  allows the platform to specifically address defects inside the mitochondria using an AAV vector (Adeno-Associated Virus). The gene of interest is transferred into the cell to be expressed and produces the functional protein  which will then be shuttled to the mitochondria through specific nucleotidic sequences in order to restore the missing or deficient mitochondrial function. ""LUMEVOQ"" was accepted as the invented name for GS010 (lenadogene nolparvovec) by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in October 2018. LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)  is an investigational compound and has not been registered in any country at this stage; a marketing authorization application is currently under review by the EMA.______________________1 One year after treatment analysis might be updated in the future with additional evaluable eyes as more patients reach the one-year post-treatment point and perform their one-year visit.News published on 15 march 2023 at 02:35 and distributed by:",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.78,0.09,0.13,True,English,"['Early Access Programs', 'GenSight Biologics', 'LUMEVOQ® Efficacy', 'Safety Data', 'ND4-LHON Patients', 'Presentation', 'NANOS', 'Foundation Hospital Adolphe de Rothschild', ""GenSight Biologics' lead product candidate"", 'central nervous system disorders', 'Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy', 'Quinze-Vingts National Eye Hospital', 'two core technology platforms', 'North American Neuro-Ophthalmology Society', 'GenSight Biologics S.A.', 'Lenadogene Nolparvovec Gene Therapy', 'Early Access Programs', 'innovative gene therapies', '49th Annual Meeting', 'intraocular inflammation events', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence', ""GenSight Biologics' pipeline"", 'one-year time point', 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', 'one-year post-treatment point', 'clinical-stage biopharma company', 'wider ND4-LHON population', 'corrected visual acuity', 'worst visual acuity', 'favorable safety profile', 'prestigious NANOS Conference', 'mean BCVA improvement', 'LUMEVOQ®-treated eyes', 'retinal diseases', 'one eye', 'two years', 'wider scientific', 'one-year visit', 'innovative treatment', 'mean change', 'safety results', 'Regulatory News', 'ND4 mutation', 'clinical trials', 'real option', 'Catherine Vignal-Clermont', 'Oculomotricity Department', 'medical community', 'respective countries', 'unsolicited requests', 'local regulations', 'real-world setting', '22.5 ETDRS letters', '24.5 ETDRS letters', '19.5 ETDRS letters', 'Global evolution', 'Year 1 Year', 'Year 2 Number', 'Responder analyses', 'large proportion', '15 ETDRS letters', 'relevant recovery', 'clinical studies', 'Bernard Gilly', 'growing body', 'clinical evidence', 'Analytical Studies', 'investigational compound', 'marketing auth', 'Safety Data', 'bilateral treatment', 'unilateral treatment', 'meaningful improvement', 'intravitreal injections', 'Individual data', 'bilateral injections', 'real-world data', 'poster number', 'ND4-LHON Patients', 'Ophthalmology Department', 'Baseline Month', 'MD Session', 'Poster Presentation', ""patients' eyes"", 'LUMEVOQ® Efficacy', '63 patients', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'commercializing', 'GS010', 'EAP', 'France', 'Italy', 'UK', 'Head', 'Paris', 'clinicians', 'use', 'August', 'March', '67 percent', '33 percent', 'increase', '0.45 LogMAR', 'nadir', 'Figure', 'Graph', '64 percent', '0.3 LogMAR', '60 percent', 'CRR', 'frequency', 'intensity', 'location', 'Founder', 'ability', 'efforts', 'Orlando', 'Florida', 'Tuesday', 'MTS', 'optogenetics', 'vision', 'country', '7:30']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,lelezard.com
20545,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/bizwire-2023-3-15-transgene-to-present-multiple-posters-highlighting-the-potential-of-its-exciting-immunotherapy-pipeline-at-aacr-2023,Transgene to Present Multiple Posters Highlighting the Potential of its Exciting Immunotherapy Pipeline at AACR 2023,Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG) (Paris:TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  will be presenting eight posters on its clinical and preclinical immunotherapies at the AACR (American ...,Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG) (Paris:TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  will be presenting eight posters on its clinical and preclinical immunotherapies at the AACR (American ...,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Exciting Immunotherapy Pipeline', 'Multiple Posters', 'Transgene', 'Potential', 'AACR', 'biotech company', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'eight posters', 'preclinical immunotherapies', 'Euronext Paris', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'AACR', 'American']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,markets.buffalonews.com
20546,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,BNP down 10% today on Euronext Paris.I have a strange feeling that it's gonna be a bad day for Punjab National Ba… https://t.co/MWeE1Ov4sp,nan,BNP down 10% today on Euronext Paris.I have a strange feeling that it's gonna be a bad day for Punjab National Ba… https://t.co/MWeE1Ov4sp,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Punjab National Ba', 'Euronext Paris', 'strange feeling', 'bad day', 'BNP', 'MWeE1Ov4sp', 'Punjab National Ba', 'Euronext Paris', 'strange feeling', 'bad day', 'BNP', 'MWeE1Ov4sp']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
20547,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,CNOVA And CELYAD ONCOLOGY On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Wednesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/vQSKDrN2xc… https://t.co/lrJiXMMv5c,nan,CNOVA And CELYAD ONCOLOGY On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Wednesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/vQSKDrN2xc… https://t.co/lrJiXMMv5c,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['CELYAD ONCOLOGY', 'Euronext Session', 'CNOVA', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Wednesday', 'vQSKDrN2xc', 'CELYAD ONCOLOGY', 'Euronext Session', 'CNOVA', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Wednesday', 'vQSKDrN2xc']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
20548,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext FX Names New CEO https://t.co/D5pp0raNRH,nan,Euronext FX Names New CEO https://t.co/D5pp0raNRH,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext FX', 'New CEO', 'Euronext FX', 'New CEO']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
20549,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,StarGroup has once again selected Eutelsat (Euronext Paris: ETL) for StarTV  its DTH pay-TV service. StarTV will co… https://t.co/NwNyLsrpi0,nan,StarGroup has once again selected Eutelsat (Euronext Paris: ETL) for StarTV  its DTH pay-TV service. StarTV will co… https://t.co/NwNyLsrpi0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['DTH pay-TV service', 'Euronext Paris', 'StarGroup', 'Eutelsat', 'ETL', 'StarTV', 'DTH pay-TV service', 'Euronext Paris', 'StarGroup', 'Eutelsat', 'ETL', 'StarTV']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
20550,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@DerrickBerthel1 @edwardkeyjf Euronext limit is quite limited.,nan,@DerrickBerthel1 @edwardkeyjf Euronext limit is quite limited.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext limit', 'DerrickBerthel1', 'Euronext limit', 'DerrickBerthel1']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
20551,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Thank you to: @aguzin  @HKEXGroupStephane Boujnah  @euronextTerry Duffy  @CMEGroup@adenatfriedman  @NasdaqLoh… https://t.co/DdghrwKAFp,nan,Thank you to: @aguzin  @HKEXGroupStephane Boujnah  @euronextTerry Duffy  @CMEGroup@adenatfriedman  @NasdaqLoh… https://t.co/DdghrwKAFp,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['Stephane Boujnah', 'Terry Duffy', 'aguzin', 'CMEGroup', 'adenatfriedman', 'Nasdaq', 'DdghrwKAFp', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'Terry Duffy', 'aguzin', 'CMEGroup', 'adenatfriedman', 'Nasdaq', 'DdghrwKAFp']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
20552,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext FX Names New CEO https://t.co/hoRrxFsRo8,nan,Euronext FX Names New CEO https://t.co/hoRrxFsRo8,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext FX', 'New CEO', 'hoRrxFsRo8', 'Euronext FX', 'New CEO', 'hoRrxFsRo8']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
20553,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We are delighted to announce the appointment of Nicolas Jégou as CEO of Euronext FX  a leading ECN for Spot FX and… https://t.co/b4dzyO8JE1,nan,We are delighted to announce the appointment of Nicolas Jégou as CEO of Euronext FX  a leading ECN for Spot FX and… https://t.co/b4dzyO8JE1,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Nicolas Jégou', 'Euronext FX', 'leading ECN', 'Spot FX', 'appointment', 'CEO', 'Nicolas Jégou', 'Euronext FX', 'leading ECN', 'Spot FX', 'appointment', 'CEO']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
20554,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext FX appoints Nicolas Jégou  ex-advisor to Emmanuel Macron  as CEO - Before joining Euronext FX in 2021  Ni… https://t.co/O88xXlqcZJ,nan,Euronext FX appoints Nicolas Jégou  ex-advisor to Emmanuel Macron  as CEO - Before joining Euronext FX in 2021  Ni… https://t.co/O88xXlqcZJ,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Nicolas Jégou', 'Euronext FX', 'Emmanuel Macron', 'advisor', 'CEO', 'Nicolas Jégou', 'Euronext FX', 'Emmanuel Macron', 'advisor', 'CEO']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
20555,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Pinockies Euronext ou l AMF,nan,@Pinockies Euronext ou l AMF,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Pinockies Euronext', 'AMF', 'Pinockies Euronext', 'AMF']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
20556,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@euronext Lets celebrate together the systematic destruction of the old guard :) https://t.co/e7AO77rA7A,nan,@euronext Lets celebrate together the systematic destruction of the old guard :) https://t.co/e7AO77rA7A,negative,0.02,0.02,0.96,negative,0.02,0.02,0.96,True,English,"['systematic destruction', 'old guard', 'systematic destruction', 'old guard']",2023-03-15,2023-03-15,Unknown
