UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49582,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2025/03/eu-plan.html,Coffee Break: Across the Pond – Even the Best Laid EU Plans…,The EU plan to borrow €800 Billion for defense was rejected by the Dutch Parliament. In particular  they objected to the fact that the money will be borrowed by the EU and the more fiscally responsible countries (mainly in the northern states of the Union) wo…,The EU plans to continue the war with Russia are coming apart in a welter of debt and recriminations.Putin Delivers an Address to People in the WestPutin told Western audiences that the problems they are experiencing is mainly down to the incompetence of the Western elites and their “Empire of Lies”. You can see the speech (with English subtitles) here.Putin also addressed business leaders by saying that he can’t see an end to sanctions and that the previous relationship with the West is over. How does this effect the ‘sweeteners’ that the US is likely to try and tempt him with?Russian Frozen AssetsThe Belgian Prime Minister has said that seizing Russian assets would be an act of war. Consequently  the EU has decided against seizing the frozen assets giving the following reasons:Legal restrictions: there is no way to legally seize the assets. Financial risks: if the EU seizes these funds then it will undermine confidence in the Euro. Existing Ukraine commitments: if they seize the assets then they’ll have nothing to underpin the loans that were previously given to Ukraine and so they’d have to repay them out of EU funds. Leverage: the assets may be used as a ‘card’ in peace negotiations. But what happens if  as part of the peace deal  Russia gets the funds back  plus interest? Will the EU have to repay the loans they’ve already secured on them and will they have to repay the interest they’ve already taken?Remember:EU Commission Presents Re-Armament PlanThe EU has released its plan for preparing for war in 2030. The White Paper presents solutions to close critical capability gaps and build a strong defence industrial base. It proposes ways for Member States to massively invest in defence  procure defence systems and build up the readiness of the European defence industry over the long run. This is essential for Europe’s security. Europe must invest in the security and defence of the continent  while continuing to support Ukraine to defend itself from Russia’s aggression. To effectively address these challenges  the White Paper outlines a number of key lines of action:Closing capability gaps  with a focus on critical capabilities identified by Member States. Supporting the European defense industry through aggregated demand and increased collaborative procurement. Supporting Ukraine through increased military assistance and deeper integration of the European and Ukrainian defense industries. Deepening the EU-wide defense market including through simplifying regulations. Accelerating the transformation of defense through disruptive innovations such as AI and quantum technology. Enhancing European readiness for worst-case scenarios  by improving military mobility  stockpiling and strengthening external borders  notably the land border with Russia and Belarus. Strengthening partnership with like-minded countries around the world.The Commission President has stated that the EU is justified in arming for conflict  presumably with Russia  under Article 122 of the EU Constitution Lisbon Treaty. The strange thing is that Article 122 does not mention armaments at all  in fact it is mainly concerned with securing energy supplies; which the Commission has singularly failed to do:Article 122Without prejudice to any other procedures provided for in the Treaties  the Council  on a proposal from the Commission  may decide  in a spirit of solidarity between Member States  upon the measures appropriate to the economic situation  in particular if severe difficulties arise in the supply of certain products  notably in the area of energy. Where a Member State is in difficulties or is seriously threatened with severe difficulties caused by natural disasters or exceptional occurrences beyond its control  the Council  on a proposal from the Commission  may grant  under certain conditions  Union financial assistance to the Member State concerned. The President of the Council shall inform the European Parliament of the decision taken.Why has nobody questioned the wisdom of re-arming Germany – the last couple of times that happened the whole world was engulfed in wars. And wasn’t the founding motto of NATO: Keep Russia out  keep the USA in and keep Germany down?The EU Plan to Provide €800 Billion for Re-Arming Europe Has Hit a Snag or twoThe EU plan to borrow €800 Billion for defense was rejected by the Dutch Parliament. In particular  they objected to the fact that the money will be borrowed by the EU and the more fiscally responsible countries (mainly in the northern states of the Union) would end up paying for it.And that’s not the only problem  there is also the matter of the €300 billion that the EU borrowed to fund the recovery from COVID. The Commission wants to hand over this debt to EU members  but the northern states  who received a small percentage of the money that was handed out  are not happy to pay it. The southern states of the EU  who are regarded as being more profligate than their counterparts in the north  are pushing to have the EU take over all of their debts  so they don’t have to pay them all back  just a percentage of them  with the more fiscally conservative states picking up the rest of the bill. Countries like Germany and the Netherlands are  needless to say  not happy with this plan.This chart shows how much extra each state will have to pay if the Commission succeeds in unloading its debt onto them.Kaja Kallas  The EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs Doesn’t Know Why She’s HereDuring a summit in Brussels on Thursday  Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez endorsed the idea of appointing an EU Ukraine envoy  which was previously backed by Finland and Croatia. “We need a negotiating team and a representative that speaks for European citizens ” Sanchez told reporters.The Prime Minister’s comments “angered” Kallas  who argued that she was the right person to conduct talks with Russia and Ukraine  Euractiv reported  citing an EU diplomat. According to Bloomberg  Kallas “took offense” to Sanchez’s position  and the two had “a heated exchange” behind closed doors. “What am I here for?” she said  according to Bloomberg’s sources. Politico Europe cited two EU diplomats as saying that Kallas insisted that representing the bloc was her job and that appointing a new person would “not be useful.”The question remains; is she experienced enough to negotiate with Sergei Lavrov  Russia’s veteran chief diplomat?The EU Plan to Give €40 Billion in Military Aid to Ukraine Has Been RejectedThe EU plan  put forward by Kaja Kallas  who is not having a good week  has just been vetoed by EU leaders  “it’s dead” said one top diplomat. She then put forward a second plan  this time for a “mere” €5 billion  to supply 2 million artillery shells to the Ukraine  which was also quashed. António Costa  the president of the European Council  tried to point out that member states had already pledged €15 billion in additional support for Ukraine and new commitments were expected in the coming weeks as a result of the European Commission’s rearmament package. If it happens.The last time a European country  namely Britain  tried to supply 155mm shells sourced from overseas (Japan) it ended in failure. The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) reported that “Efforts by the UK and Japan to replenish Ukraine’s artillery stocks have fallen through”. The failure was due to the fact that there was a technical mismatch of the British and the Japanese military blueprints  and the limited production capacity of the supposed Japanese contractor  which hadn’t been checked beforehand.In addition  there was the EU’s own plan  put forward by Kaja Kallas’s predecessor  Josep Borrel  to supply 1.4 million shells to Ukraine also foundered with them only delivering around half that number. Many of the shells they did procure  from the open market (some of them were alleged to be from arms supplied by the US)  failed to work. Meanwhile  the UK’s censorship committee modified the story slightly:The EU’s Bête Noir  Victor Orban  Has Been Sidelined in Order to Save The EUThe European elites are celebrating the fact that they managed to put through an EU Council Resolution to continue arming Ukraine despite Hungary’s objections. Viktor Orban  had previously said that the plans would “ruin Europe”  but EU officials managed to bypass him. Rules that normally require all 27 EU countries to agree on a joint statement for it to be issued on behalf of the European Council were discussed two weeks ago  when he attempted to derail proposals for Europe to fill the gap left by an American aid cutoff for Kyiv. So  the EU decided to ignore him:The text agreed by the remaining 26 countries was appended to the other resolutions  which were unanimously agreed. And while Hungary opted out  it was still issued as a formal European Council conclusion. That tactic seems to be working and diplomats told POLITICO they intend to use it again. “The statement on Ukraine today will be issued as an annex on behalf of the 26 ” said one senior EU diplomat  granted anonymity to discuss Thursday’s closed-door talks. “This is the new normal. And it is useful when it comes to political intent. Maybe down the line though we will encounter other problems.” Meanwhile  a top EU official added  Hungary’s objections are being priced in — and quickly ignored.The EU is now studying ways of using Article 7 of the EU constitution Treaty of Lisbon to take away Hungary’s vote in order to “save the EU”. The article  written by two ex-EU MEPs  said:Europe now faces the greatest challenge since its formation. The continent’s peace  prosperity and core values depend on confronting those who would destroy it from within  and if the bloc fails to act decisively  it risks remaining caught between a dysfunctional confederation and the “ever closer union” it hopes to become. This proposed simultaneous suspension strategy offers a pathway forward. The legal tools to address this crisis exist — Europe just needs to use them  and meet the moment with creativity and courage.It goes on to say that Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has begun conducting business via select groups of trusted Commissioners rather than the whole college  building coalitions of the willing by excluding the unwilling.The Starmer Coalition of The Willing Is Not Quite So Willing After AllUK Prime Minister Keir Starmer’s plan to create a ‘coalition of the willing’ to provide peacekeepers in Ukraine in the event of a ceasefire seems to be suffering from some setbacks. Italy  a key partner  has pulled out  with Italian Prime Minister Meloni suggesting that Ukraine should instead be offered de facto NATO membership; where it is defended by NATO  through Article 5  even though its not actually a formal member of the organization. It seems doubtful that the US will accept that idea.Meanwhile  even the joint lead in the putative coalition is getting cold feet. President Macron of France is now said to be exploring a UN peacekeeping force there instead. Steve Witkoff  President Donald Trump’s special envoy  has dismissed the Starmer plan as “…a posture and a pose.” He went on to say that the idea was based on a “simplistic” notion of the UK prime minister and other European leaders thinking “we have all got to be like Winston Churchill”.Is 300 Billion a Magic Number?According to the EU Council President  António Costa  the EU has lost €300 billion in investments because of high energy costs and excess bureaucracy  which  of course  they have a bold plan to address. Last year  Ursula Von Der Leyen said “The European Union is losing €300 billion of European savings  which are transferred abroad every year  mainly to the United States. This is the money our companies need  and it undermines our competitiveness”. The US negotiators were told  during the talks in Riyadh  that US companies have lost $300 billion by divesting from Russia. During the recent COP29 conference a plan to supply $300 billion per year for developing countries was agreed. And there are supposed to be $300 billion in frozen Russian assets in Euroclear after the EU seized them.The Green Party is Losing SupportRising public concerns over inflation  energy costs  and migration have overshadowed the once-popular green agenda  leading to a decline in support for Green parties across Europe.For example  in the 2024 European Parliament elections  the Greens lost support in most EU countries where they govern  dropping 8.6% in Germany  7.97% in France  7.15% in Luxembourg  6.01% in Ireland  4.7% in Finland  3% in Austria  and 1.25% in Belgium compared to 2019. And in Germany’s recent elections  the Greens fell to 11.61% (down from 14.8% in 2021) and lost their place in the CDU-SPD coalition. Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock is set to step down from leading the party. Fortunately  she is being proposed for the post of the next president of the UN general assembly.In Germany  the Greens hung around long enough to vote for the release of the debt brake. Merz’s government will spend the new borrowings mainly on arms. European markets soared on the news  in particular defense stocks. Frankfurt’s DAX index  home to Germany’s biggest companies  closed up 0.98% as corporates including Rheinmetall  Bayer  Thyssenkrupp and Continental all advanced.Oh no!,neutral,0.2,0.79,0.01,mixed,0.11,0.27,0.63,True,English,"['Best Laid EU Plans', 'Coffee Break', 'Pond', 'The Belgian Prime Minister', 'strong defence industrial base', 'EU Constitution Lisbon Treaty', 'Ukrainian defense industries', 'EU-wide defense market', 'The White Paper', 'Existing Ukraine commitments', 'critical capability gaps', 'European defence industry', 'European defense industry', 'Union financial assistance', 'The EU Plan', 'Russian Frozen Assets', 'The Commission President', 'Financial risks', 'critical capabilities', 'military assistance', 'defence systems', 'European Parliament', 'Russian assets', 'Western audiences', 'Western elites', 'English subtitles', 'business leaders', 'previous relationship', 'following reasons', 'Legal restrictions', 'peace negotiations', 'peace deal', 'Re-Armament Plan', 'Member States', 'long run', 'key lines', 'aggregated demand', 'collaborative procurement', 'deeper integration', 'disruptive innovations', 'quantum technology', 'worst-case scenarios', 'military mobility', 'external borders', 'land border', 'minded countries', 'strange thing', 'other procedures', 'economic situation', 'natural disasters', 'exceptional occurrences', 'last couple', 'founding motto', 'Dutch Parliament', 'responsible countries', 'northern states', 'small percentage', 'southern states', 'European readiness', 'EU plans', 'EU members', 'severe difficulties', 'energy supplies', 'Re-Arming Europe', 'EU Commission', 'EU funds', 'war', 'welter', 'debt', 'recriminations', 'Putin', 'Address', 'People', 'problems', 'incompetence', 'Empire', 'speech', 'end', 'sanctions', 'sweeteners', 'act', 'way', 'confidence', 'loans', 'Leverage', 'card', 'part', 'interest', 'solutions', 'security', 'continent', 'aggression', 'challenges', 'number', 'focus', 'regulations', 'transformation', 'Belarus', 'world', 'conflict', 'Article', 'armaments', 'prejudice', 'Treaties', 'Council', 'proposal', 'spirit', 'solidarity', 'measures', 'supply', 'products', 'area', 'control', 'conditions', 'decision', 'wisdom', 'Germany', 'times', 'NATO', 'USA', '€800 Billion', 'Snag', 'money', 'fiscally', 'matter', 'recovery', 'COVID']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,nakedcapitalism.com
49583,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3047600/0/en/Notice-to-attend-Elanders-Annual-General-Meeting-2025.html,Notice to attend Elanders’ Annual General Meeting 2025,Shareholders in Elanders AB (publ) are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday April 23  2025 at 1.00 p.m. at Södra Porten Conference Center  Flöjelbergsgatan 1 C  Mölndal. Lunch will be served from 11.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m.  and r…,Shareholders in Elanders AB (publ) are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday April 23  2025 at 1.00 p.m. at Södra Porten Conference Center  Flöjelbergsgatan 1 C  Mölndal. Lunch will be served from 11.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m.  and registration for the meeting will begin at 12.30 p.m.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATEShareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must be recorded in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday April 11  2025. In addition  shareholders must notify the company of their intention to participate in the Meeting by latest April 15  2025.In order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  shareholders who have trustee-registered their shares must  in addition to notify its intention to participate in the meeting  re-register the shares with Euroclear Sweden AB in their own name in order for the shareholder to be registered in shareholders’ register as of April 11  2025. Such registration  which may be temporary (so called voting rights registration)  is to be requested with the trustee in accordance with the trustee’s routines at such time in advance as decided by the trustee. Voting rights registrations made no later than the second bank day after April 11  2025  will be considered in the production of the share register.There is a total of 35 357 751 shares in Elanders  whereof 1 814 813 class A-shares with ten votes per share and 33 542 938 class B-shares with one vote per share. The shares entitle to 51 691 068 votes in total. The company does not hold any treasury shares.NOTIFICATIONNotice of attendance shall be made in one of the following ways:on Elanders’ website www.elanders.com ;; in writing to Elanders AB (publ)  att “Annual General Meeting 2025”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden; orby telephone +46 8 402 91 33.The notice shall state name  address  telephone number  personal or corporate identity number and  if applicable  the number of advisors (not more than two) that will accompany the shareholder at the Meeting.Shareholder represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a registration certificate or a corresponding document which indicates the authorised signatories of the legal entity must be enclosed. The original power of attorney  and any registration certificate or the equivalent  should be sent to the company well in advance of the Meeting at the address above. Proxy forms are available at www.elanders.com and can also be ordered from the company at the address above.PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the Meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to approve the minutes Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the Chief Executive Officer Presentation of the work performed by the Board and its committees Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditors’ report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditors’ report for the group Resolutions regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet allocation of the company’s profits according to the adopted balance sheet the discharge of Board Members and the Chief Executive Officer from liability Determination of the number of Board Members  deputies and auditors Resolutions regarding the remuneration to the Board of Directors the remuneration to the auditor Election of Board Members and Chairman of the Board re-election of Carl Bennet; re-election of Ulrika Dellby; re-election of Eva Elmstedt; re-election of Dan Frohm; re-election of Erik Gabrielson; re-election of Anna Hallberg; re-election of Anne Lenerius; re-election of Magnus Nilsson; re-election of Johan Trouvé; and re-election of Dan Frohm as Chairman of the Board. Election of auditor Resolution regarding the nomination committee Resolution to approve the Board of Directors’ remuneration report Closure of the Meeting DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION (ITEM 10 b)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a dividend of SEK 4.15 (4.15) per share for the fiscal year 2024. As record date for the dividend  the Board proposes Friday April 25  2025. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  it is expected that the dividend will be disbursed by Euroclear Sweden on Wednesday April 30  2025. The last day for trading in the Elanders share including the right to dividend is Wednesday April 23  2025. BOARD OF DIRECTORS ETC (ITEMS 2 and 11 – 14)The nomination committee  composed of Carl Bennet (Carl Bennet AB)  Chairman  Johan Ståhl (Svolder AB)  Dan Frohm (Chairman of the Board of Elanders AB)  Jannis Kitsakis (Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund) and Viktor Henriksson (Carnegie Funds)  proposes:the appointment of Dan Frohm as Chairman of the Meeting that the Board shall be composed of nine Members without any deputies that the remuneration to the Members of the Board shall amount to SEK 4 693 800 (4 512 600 preceding year)  to be divided so that the Chairman receives SEK 882 000 (848 000) and the other Members not employed by the company receive SEK 441 000 (424 000) each  the chairman of the audit committee receives SEK 180 000 (173 000) and each other Member of the audit committee receives SEK 90 000 (86 500)  the chairman of the remuneration committee receives SEK 92 400 (88 800) and each other Member of the remuneration committee receives SEK 46 200 (44 400) the re-election of the Board Members Carl Bennet  Ulrika Dellby  Eva Elmstedt  Dan Frohm  Erik Gabrielson  Anna Hallberg  Anne Lenerius  Magnus Nilsson and Johan Trouvé.the re-election of Dan Frohm as Chairman of the Board that the company shall have one auditor without any deputies that remuneration to the auditor be paid according to approved invoices within the limits of the offer  andthat a new election of the registered auditing firm Ernst & Young AB will take place for the period up until the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. Authorized Public Accountant Andreas Mast is intended to be the auditor in charge.The proposal concerning the auditor is consistent with the audit committee’s recommendation.THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE (ITEM 15)The nomination committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves:to instruct the Chairman of the Board to convene a nomination committee for the Annual General Meeting 2026  composed of the Chairman of the Board and one representative of each of the company’s four largest shareholders as per August 31  2025 to instruct the Chairman of the Board  in consultation with the representatives of the company’s four largest shareholders  to determine if one representative of the minority shareholders also should be appointed to the nomination committee that  in the event any of the four largest shareholders refrains from exercising its right to appoint a representative to the nomination committee  such right shall pass to the shareholder that  next to these four shareholders  has the largest shareholding in the company that  in the event a representative no longer represents the relevant shareholder  or otherwise resigns from the nomination committee prior to the completion of its work  such shareholder shall be offered the opportunity to appoint a new representative to the nomination committee that  in the event a representative represents a shareholder that has sold all or the main part of its shareholding in Elanders  the nomination committee may resolve that such member shall resign and  if deemed appropriate by the nomination committee  offer another representative for a larger shareholder a place in the nomination committee  andthat the nomination committee shall perform such duties that fall on the nomination committee in accordance with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code.DOCUMENTSThe annual report and other supporting documentation will be held available at the company’s premises at Flöjelbergsgatan 1 C in Mölndal  Sweden  and on its website  www.elanders.com   at least three weeks before the Meeting. Copies of these documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.The shareholders are reminded of their right to demand information according to Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.For information about the processing of your personal data  please refer to www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .If you have any questions regarding our processing of personal data  you can contact us by e-mail at dataprotection@elanders.com. Elanders’ corporate registration number is 556008-1621 and its registered office is in Mölndal municipality  Sweden.Mölndal  Sweden  in March 2025The Board of Directors of Elanders AB (publ)Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.37,0.23,True,English,"['Elanders’ Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Södra Porten Conference Center', 'Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'consolidated balance sheet allocation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Flöjelbergsgatan 1 C', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Voting rights registrations', 'second bank day', 'Johan Ståhl', 'consolidated income statement', 'corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'nomination committee Resolution', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Carl Bennet AB', 'Directors’ remuneration report', 'annual accounts', 'voting list', 'Johan Trouvé', 'auditor Resolution', 'last day', 'Svolder AB', 'auditors’ report', 'Elanders AB', 'Mölndal', 'Such registration', '1,814,813 class A-shares', '33,542,938 class B-shares', 'one vote', 'following ways', 'legal entity', 'registration certificate', 'corresponding document', 'authorised signatories', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'two persons', 'group Resolutions', 'auditors Resolutions', 'Ulrika Dellby', 'Eva Elmstedt', 'Dan Frohm', 'Erik Gabrielson', 'Anna Hallberg', 'Anne Lenerius', 'Magnus Nilsson', 'fiscal year', 'record date', 'Jannis Kitsakis', 'Viktor Henriksson', 'Carnegie Funds', 'nine Members', 'DIRECTORS ETC', 'Elanders’ website', 'Meeting Preparation', 'latest April', 'ten votes', 'liability Determination', 'original power', 'Proxy forms', 'telephone number', 'Board Members', 'agenda Election', 'auditor Election', 'treasury shares', 'DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION', 'Wednesday April', 'share register', 'Elanders share', 'Meeting Election', 'shareholders’ register', '51,691,068 votes', '35,357,751 shares', 'publ', 'Lunch', '11.30 a', 'PARTICIPATE', 'Friday', 'addition', 'company', 'intention', 'order', 'name', 'trustee', 'accordance', 'routines', 'time', 'advance', 'production', 'total', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Notice', 'attendance', 'writing', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'address', 'personal', 'advisors', 'attorney', 'equivalent', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Presentation', 'work', 'committees', 'adoption', 'profits', 'discharge', 'deputies', 'Closure', 'ITEM', 'SEK', 'proposal', 'appointment', '1.00', '12.30']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49584,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-175300559.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Vitrolife AB (publ),The shareholders of Vitrolife AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting of shareholders on 29 April 2025 at 4.00 pm at the Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsavenyn 36-38 in Gothenburg ,GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 25  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Vitrolife AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting of shareholders on 29 April 2025 at 4.00 pm at the Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsavenyn 36-38 in Gothenburg  Sweden. The entrance opens at 3.30 pm.Shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must:- be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 17 April 2025; and- notify their attendance in accordance with the instructions in the Notice by 23 April 2025.Shareholders who have had their shares registered with a nominee through a bank or other nominee must temporarily register the shares in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to participate in the meeting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by postal voting must give notice of their participation by casting their postal votes in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting in the notice so that the postal votes are received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 23 April 2025.The following proposals will be amongst those presented at the Annual General Meeting:The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 1.10 per share and 2 May 2025 as the record day for the dividend.The Election Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of five members. The Election Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Lars Holmqvist  Pia Marions  Henrik Blomquist  Karen Lykke Sørensen and Jón Sigurdsson. It is proposed that Jón Sigurdsson is the Chairman of the Board.Remuneration to the Board members is proposed to be in total SEK 3 670 000 (3 300 000) of which SEK 1 350 000 (1 200 000) to the Chairman of the Board  SEK 450 000 (400 000) to each of the other members of the Board  SEK 160 000 (150 000) to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 80 000 (75 000) to each of the other members of the Audit Committee. No changes in the remuneration of the members of the Remuneration Committee. The proposal means an increase corresponding to 11.2% in total.The Election Committee proposes to re-elect Deloitte AB as auditor with unchanged remuneration principles.Authorization for the Board to resolve to issue new shares up until the next Annual General Meeting.Authorization for the Board to resolve on acquisition of the company's own shares up until the next Annual General Meeting.Attachment: Full noticeGothenburg 25 March 2025VITROLIFE AB (publ)The Board of Directors,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.46,0.54,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vitrolife AB', 'Notice', 'Karen Lykke Sørensen', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Park Avenue Hotel', 'Jón Sigurdsson', 'unchanged remuneration principles', 'The Election Committee', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Audit Committee', 'Vitrolife AB', 'Deloitte AB', 'Remuneration Committee', 'postal voting', 'postal votes', 'following proposals', 'The Board', 'record day', 'Lars Holmqvist', 'Pia Marions', 'Henrik Blomquist', 'five members', 'other members', 'share register', 'other nominee', 'new shares', 'Full notice', 'Board members', 'GOTHENBURG', 'shareholders', '29 April', 'Elite', 'Kungsportsavenyn', 'entrance', 'circumstances', '17 April', 'attendance', 'accordance', 'instructions', '23 April', 'bank', 'name', 'order', 'AGM', 'participation', 'heading', 'Directors', 'dividend', 'SEK', '2 May', 'Chairman', 'total', 'changes', 'increase', 'auditor', 'Authorization', 'acquisition', 'company', 'Attachment', '4.00', '3.30', '11.']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,finance.yahoo.com
49585,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/annual-general-meeting-alfa-laval-124100525.html,Annual General Meeting in Alfa Laval AB (publ),The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB (publ) (Registration number 556587-8054 and registered office in Lund) are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  April 29  2025,In addition to providing notification of participation as described above  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register their shares in their own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on April 17  2025. The registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures. This means that the shareholder must notify the nominee in ample time. A voting right registration completed no later than the second banking day after April 17  2025  is considered when preparing the register of shareholders.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy  must notify participation at the latest April 23  2025  to Euroclear Sweden AB. Notification of participation can either be made by phone to +46 8 402 91 98  Monday to Friday 9:00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.  or on the website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . Please state  name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying advisor(s) (no more than two).A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by advance voting (postal voting) must notify their intention to participate in the general meeting by casting their advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance Voting below  so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 23  2025.be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on April 17  2025  andA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustRight to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationMeeting materials will be published on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/ after the general meeting.To ensure order and safety for shareholders  the Board of Directors and employees  Alfa Laval will conduct a security check at this year's general meeting. Among other things  all bags will be checked. To avoid queues  shareholders are encouraged to arrive in good time. Shareholders are also asked not to bring large bags or other large items to the Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB will be held on Tuesday  April 29  2025  at 4.00 p.m. CET at Stadshallen  Stortorget 9  Lund  Sweden. Registration starts at 3.30 p.m. Coffee will be served at the venue from 3.00 p.m.LUND  Sweden  March 25  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB (publ) (Registration number 556587-8054 and registered office in Lund) are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  April 29  2025Story ContinuesAdvance VotingA special form for advance voting (postal voting) must be used. The form is available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting/ under information about the Annual General Meeting 2025. The completed voting form can either be sent by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. The advance vote must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 23  2025. A shareholder can also exercise their voting right electronically through Bank-ID verification. Further instructions can be found on https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . A shareholder who casts their advance vote electronically must submit the vote no later than April 23  2025. No special instructions  conditions  or other additions may be added to the advance vote. An advance voting form containing any special instructions or conditions will make the vote invalid in its entirety. For further instructions and conditions  please see the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance as well as notifies their participation at the venue in person  the advance vote remains valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting during the general meeting or otherwise withdraws the submitted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the general meeting  the cast vote will replace the previously submitted advance vote on the item in question.For any questions regarding the advance voting or to request a voting form sent by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB  Monday to Friday 9.00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.  on telephone +46 8 402 91 98.Proxy etc.Shareholders who vote in advance by proxy must enclose a written and dated proxy together with the completed voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority must be enclosed as well.If a shareholder is represented by a proxy at the venue  a written and dated proxy  as well as a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority  should be sent by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  well in advance of the general meeting and must otherwise be brought to the general meeting.A proxy form is available on Alfa Laval's websitehttps://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting/Proposed agendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting. Election of Chairman for the general meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting register. Approval of the agenda for the general meeting. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes. Determination whether the general meeting has been duly convened. Presentation by the CEO. Presentation of the annual report and the Auditor's report  the consolidated annual report and the Auditor's report for the group  as well as the Auditor's report regarding compliance with the applicable Executive Remuneration Policy. Resolution ona. the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet b. allocation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet  and record date for distribution of profits  andc. discharge from liability for members of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Presentation of the Board of Directors' remuneration report for approval. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the general meeting as well as the number of Auditors and deputy Auditors. Determination of compensation to the Board of Directors and the Auditors. Election of Chairman of the Board  other members and deputy members of the Board of Directors  as well as Auditors and deputy Auditors. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board  Dennis Jönsson  is appointed Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 (b)The Board of Directors proposes a distribution of profits in an amount of SEK 8 50 per share for 2024. Record date for the right to receive dividend is proposed to be May 2  2025. If the general meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to pay the dividend on May 7  2025.Item 11 -13The Nomination Committee proposes as follows.Item 11: The number of Board members  elected by the general meeting  is proposed to be ten elected members with no deputies. The number of Auditors as well as the number of deputy Auditors are proposed to be two.Item 12: The compensation to the Board of Directors is proposed to be SEK 8 760 000* (7 490 000). The compensation is to be distributed among the members of the Board who are elected by the general meeting and not employed by the company  as follows.Chairman of the Board of Directors SEK 2 190 000(SEK 2 050 000)Other members of the Board of Directors SEK 730 000(SEK 680 000)In addition to the above proposed compensation  it is also proposed that additional compensation shall be distributed to the elected members of the Board who also hold a position in any of the Committees as follows below.Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Audit Committee SEK 350 000(SEK 325 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Audit Committee SEK 175 000(SEK 160 000) Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 85 000(SEK 80 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Remuneration Committee SEK 85 000(SEK 80 000)Bracketed figures refer to compensation for year 2024.*Please note that the proposed compensation includes compensation for ten elected members compared with previous term with nine members.Compensation to the Auditors is proposed to be paid as per approved invoice.Item 13: The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Anna Müller  Dennis Jönsson  Finn Rausing  Henrik Lange  Jörn Rausing  Lilian Fossum Biner  Nadine Crauwels  Ray Mauritsson and Ulf Wiinberg. Further  Annica Bresky is proposed to be elected as new member of the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee proposes that Dennis Jönsson is re-appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee's proposals above concerns elections for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026.Annica BreskyAnnica Bresky currently holds the position as Chair of Permascand. She is further member of the Board of Directors in Vaisala Oyj  Stegra  Fagerhult AB  Nordstjernan AB and Ørsted  and holds the position as member of several Audit and Sustainability Committees.Annica Bresky has extensive experience from several senior positions. Annica Bresky held the position as President and Chief Executive Officer of Stora Enso in the years 2019 to 2023. Annica Bresky has previously held the position as Board member of several national and international associations such as World Business Council for Sustainable Development  the Swedish Forest Industry Association and the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise.Information on the proposed Board members and the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement are available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/ under information regarding the Board of Directors and the Annual General Meeting 2025.In accordance with the Remuneration Committee's recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes that the authorized public accountants Andreas Troberg and Hanna Fehland are re-elected as the company's Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026. The Nomination Committee further proposes that the authorized public accountants Henrik Jonzén and Andreas Mast are re-elected as the company's deputy Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the 2026 Annual General Meeting.Available documentsIn connection with the publication of the notice for the Annual General Meeting  the Nomination Committee's proposals and its reasoned statement  will be held available on the company's website  www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting/ . The annual report and other materials for the resolutions will be available on the company's website  no later than April 8  2025.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the date of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company is 413 326 315. All shares are of the same class.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and if the Board of Directors considers that this is possible without significant harm to the company  give information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship with another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the company's processing of personal data and shareholders rights  please see the Privacy Policy at:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf or contact the company at the following email address: dataprivacy@alfalaval.com.Lund  March 2025The Board of DirectorsALFA LAVAL AB (publ)This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com.https://news.cision.com/alfa-laval/r/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab--publ- c4123700The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/905/4123700/aec0578b176bf138.pdf Notice to attend AGM 2025 in Alfa Laval AB publCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab-publ-302410648.htmlSOURCE Alfa Laval,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'second banking day', 'accompanying advisor(s', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other large items', 'corporate registration number', 'voting right registration', 'advance voting form', 'Meeting materials', 'other things', 'other additions', 'postal voting', 'ample time', 'security check', 'good time', 'large bags', 'Bank-ID verification', 'legal entity', 'special form', 'cast vote', 'advance vote', 'share register', 'Further instructions', 'special instructions', 'telephone number', 'equivalent certificate', 'latest April', 'anmalan.vpc', 'notification', 'participation', 'shareholder', 'shares', 'name', 'nominee', 'circumstances', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'venue', 'person', 'proxy', 'Friday', 'website', 'state', 'address', 'intention', 'heading', 'notice', 'alfalaval', 'investors', 'order', 'safety', 'Board', 'Directors', 'employees', 'year', 'queues', 'Tuesday', 'CET', 'Stadshallen', 'Stortorget', 'Lund', 'Coffee', 'office', 'Story', 'annual-general-meeting', 'information', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'question', 'written', 'dated', 'incorporation', 'authority', '9:00', '4.00', '3.30', '3.00']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,finance.yahoo.com
49586,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.aktiencheck.de/news/Artikel-Deutsche_Post_Stock_Shares_Climb_Amid_Positive_Growth_Outlook-18348984,Deutsche Post Stock: Shares Climb Amid Positive Growth Outlook (),Deutsche Post DHL Group's stock is showing a promising upward trajectory on the XETRA exchange  rising 0.6 percent to reach €41.29  with an intraday high of €41.56. This performance represents a significant recovery of approximately 25 percent from the 52-week low of €33.,"Weitere Suchergebnisse zu ""Deutsche Post AG"":Deutsche Post DHL Group's stock is showing a promising upward trajectory on the XETRA exchange  rising 0.6 percent to reach €41.29  with an intraday high of €41.56. This performance represents a significant recovery of approximately 25 percent from the 52-week low of €33.03 recorded in January  though it remains about 7.2 percent below the 52-week high of €44.27 achieved on March 6  2025. The positive market sentiment is supported by robust financial results  with the company reporting a fourth-quarter 2024 earnings per share of €0.95  marking a substantial improvement over the previous year's €0.83. Revenue also grew impressively by 6.35 percent to €22.70 billion during the same period. Market analysts maintain an optimistic outlook  setting an average price target of €46.69  which suggests considerable growth potential from current levels.Dividend Increase and Share Buyback ProgramShareholders have additional reasons for optimism as analysts project a dividend increase from €1.85 to €1.90 for the current fiscal year. The company is also actively pursuing its share buyback initiative  having purchased over one million of its own shares during the week of March 18-21  2025  at an average price of €42.15  totaling nearly €44.7 million. Despite emerging concerns regarding the company's StreetScooter electric vehicle division  including potential legal challenges from a former buyer alleging ""forced insolvency "" investor confidence appears unshaken. The logistics giant is expected to release its first-quarter 2025 results on May 8  2025  with analysts forecasting annual earnings per share of €3.14 for the full year 2025.AdFresh Deutsche Post information released. What's the impact for investors? Our latest independent report examines recent figures and market trends.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Deutsche Post Stock', 'Positive Growth Outlook', 'Shares', 'StreetScooter electric vehicle division', 'Deutsche Post DHL Group', 'Fresh Deutsche Post information', 'Deutsche Post AG', 'promising upward trajectory', 'considerable growth potential', 'potential legal challenges', 'latest independent report', 'robust financial results', 'positive market sentiment', 'average price target', 'Share Buyback Program', 'share buyback initiative', 'current fiscal year', 'current levels', 'first-quarter 2025 results', 'previous year', 'full year', 'market trends', 'XETRA exchange', 'intraday high', 'significant recovery', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'fourth-quarter 2024 earnings', 'substantial improvement', 'same period', 'optimistic outlook', 'Dividend Increase', 'additional reasons', 'emerging concerns', 'former buyer', 'forced insolvency', 'investor confidence', 'logistics giant', 'annual earnings', 'recent figures', 'Market analysts', 'Suchergebnisse', 'stock', 'performance', '25 percent', 'January', 'March', 'company', 'Revenue', '6.35 percent', 'Shareholders', 'optimism', 'shares', 'May', 'impact', 'investors', '7.2']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,aktiencheck.de
49587,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.techspot.com/news/107276-sap-surpasses-novo-nordisk-europe-most-valuable-company.html,SAP surpasses Novo Nordisk to become Europe's most valuable company,SAP's journey began in 1972 when five former IBM employees founded the company in Germany. Initially focused on business process management software  SAP has continually evolved,What just happened? German software giant SAP has overtaken Danish healthcare company Novo Nordisk to become Europe's most valuable company. SAP's stock has performed exceptionally well  rising more than 40 percent over the past year. The firm's success is largely driven by its strategic shift toward cloud-based services and increasing focus on AI  both of which have strongly resonated with investors.SAP's journey began in 1972 when five former IBM employees founded the company in Germany. Initially focused on business process management software  SAP has continually evolved to meet changing needs. A key milestone in this evolution was its shift from traditional on-premise software licenses to cloud-based service contracts  a more predictable and lucrative business model.In recent years  SAP has made significant strides in AI integration across its business solutions. This includes embedding AI directly into core operations  leveraging the SAP Business Technology Platform  and expanding its portfolio of AI-driven features.SAP's strong foothold in the cloud and AI sectors has been a major driver of its growth. Analysts project a 29 percent increase in cloud revenue this year  contributing to an overall revenue rise of 13 percent to €38.5 billion.SAP's dominance is also evident in its growing influence on the German stock market. The company now represents a larger share of the DAX index than the country's historic automotive sector  which includes giants like Volkswagen and Mercedes-Benz. In response  Deutsche Börse introduced an uncapped version of the index to better reflect SAP's expanding weight.Despite recent stock fluctuations  SAP remains largely insulated from Europe's economic challenges  thanks to its strong presence in the US. In the fourth quarter alone  SAP generated €2.9 billion in US sales  accounting for 31 percent of its total revenue. This diversified market reach has positioned SAP as a key driver of the Stoxx 600 Index's 30 percent gain since late 2022  with its stock surging over 150 percent during that period.CEO Christian Klein remains optimistic about SAP's future  emphasizing its strong position in data and business AI as key drivers of revenue growth through 2027. While the rise of cheaper AI models like DeepSeek has sparked concerns about profitability  Klein argues that these advancements will ultimately increase demand for SAP's AI services.,positive,0.67,0.33,0.0,positive,0.61,0.38,0.0,True,English,"['Novo Nordisk', 'valuable company', 'SAP', 'Europe', 'five former IBM employees', 'business process management software', 'German software giant SAP', 'SAP Business Technology Platform', 'premise software licenses', 'lucrative business model', 'historic automotive sector', 'Deutsche Börse', 'diversified market reach', 'cloud-based service contracts', 'German stock market', 'CEO Christian Klein', 'cheaper AI models', 'Danish healthcare company', 'recent stock fluctuations', 'overall revenue rise', 'business solutions', 'business AI', 'cloud-based services', 'recent years', 'total revenue', 'Novo Nordisk', 'past year', 'increasing focus', 'changing needs', 'key milestone', 'significant strides', 'core operations', 'AI-driven features', 'strong foothold', 'major driver', 'growing influence', 'larger share', 'uncapped version', 'expanding weight', 'economic challenges', 'strong presence', 'fourth quarter', 'key driver', 'strong position', 'AI integration', 'AI sectors', 'AI services', 'valuable company', 'cloud revenue', 'revenue growth', 'DAX index', 'Stoxx 600 Index', 'strategic shift', 'US sales', '29 percent increase', '30 percent gain', '13 percent', '31 percent', '150 percent', 'Europe', 'firm', 'success', 'investors', 'journey', 'Germany', 'evolution', 'traditional', 'predictable', 'portfolio', 'Analysts', 'dominance', 'country', 'giants', 'Volkswagen', 'Mercedes-Benz', 'response', 'late', 'period', 'future', 'data', 'DeepSeek', 'concerns', 'profitability', 'advancements', 'demand', '40', '2027']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,techspot.com
49588,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.aktiencheck.de/news/Artikel-Deutsche_Lufthansa_Stock_Recovery_Gains_Altitude_Despite_Challenges-18348104,Deutsche Lufthansa Stock: Recovery Gains Altitude Despite Challenges (),Oder lohnt sich doch der Einstieg bei Deutsche Lufthansa? The airline is pursuing ambitious modernization initiatives despite recent market fluctuations. Lufthansa Airlines plans to deploy 61 new aircraft by the end of 2027 while expanding luxury offerings to attract premium passengers.,Lufthansa shares showed positive momentum in the recent XETRA session  climbing 0.9 percent to €7.41  approaching the day's high of €7.45. While still trading approximately 10 percent below its 52-week peak of €8.16 reached on March 6  2025  the stock has demonstrated remarkable recovery from its August 2024 low of €5.38—representing a 27 percent increase. This upward trajectory aligns with improved financial performance  as the airline reported a substantial quarterly earnings growth with profit per share reaching €0.46  compared to just €0.06 in the same period last year. Revenue similarly increased from €8.76 billion to €9.44 billion. For fiscal year 2025  analysts project an average earnings per share of €1.11  though dividend expectations of €0.244 fall slightly below the previous year's €0.30 payout.Modernization Programs and Environmental ChallengesAnzeigeSollten Anleger sofort verkaufen? Oder lohnt sich doch der Einstieg bei Deutsche Lufthansa ?The airline is pursuing ambitious modernization initiatives despite recent market fluctuations. Lufthansa Airlines plans to deploy 61 new aircraft by the end of 2027 while expanding luxury offerings to attract premium passengers. However  these plans unfold against significant environmental headwinds  as a recent court ruling restricts the company's climate protection marketing claims. The court prohibited advertising language suggesting flights could become climate-neutral through additional payments for environmental projects  citing ambiguities about actual compensation levels and emissions calculations. This legal setback potentially complicates the carrier's sustainability narrative as it continues navigating post-pandemic recovery in an industry still operating below 2019 performance levels.AdFresh Deutsche Lufthansa information released. What's the impact for investors? Our latest independent report examines recent figures and market trends.,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.03,negative,0.0,0.41,0.59,True,English,"['Deutsche Lufthansa Stock', 'Recovery', 'Altitude', 'Challenges', 'climate protection marketing claims', 'substantial quarterly earnings growth', 'Fresh Deutsche Lufthansa information', 'latest independent report', 'recent XETRA session', 'Environmental Challenges Anzeige', 'significant environmental headwinds', 'ambitious modernization initiatives', 'actual compensation levels', 'recent market fluctuations', 'recent court ruling', 'average earnings', 'recent figures', 'environmental projects', 'Lufthansa shares', 'Modernization Programs', 'Lufthansa Airlines', '2019 performance levels', 'market trends', 'positive momentum', '52-week peak', 'remarkable recovery', '27 percent increase', 'upward trajectory', 'financial performance', 'same period', 'fiscal year', 'dividend expectations', 'previous year', '61 new aircraft', 'luxury offerings', 'premium passengers', 'advertising language', 'additional payments', 'emissions calculations', 'legal setback', 'sustainability narrative', 'post-pandemic recovery', 'day', 'March', 'stock', 'August 2024', 'profit', 'Revenue', 'analysts', '€0.30 payout', 'Anleger', 'Einstieg', 'plans', 'company', 'flights', 'ambiguities', 'carrier', 'industry', 'impact', 'investors']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,aktiencheck.de
49589,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-eckert-ziegler-to-supply-actinium-pharmaceuticals-with-ac-225-for-comprehensive-development-activities-1034510487,EQS-News: Eckert & Ziegler to Supply Actinium Pharmaceuticals with Ac-225 for Comprehensive Development Activities,25.03.2025 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases. Archive at www.eqs-news.com,EQS-News: Eckert & Ziegler SE / Key word(s): Agreement/Incoming OrdersEckert & Ziegler to Supply Actinium Pharmaceuticals with Ac-225 for Comprehensive Development Activities25.03.2025 / 09:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Berlin  DE & New York  USA  25 March 2025. Eckert & Ziegler SE (ISIN DE0005659700  TecDAX) and Actinium Pharmaceuticals  Inc. announced that they have entered into an agreement for the supply of Actinium-225 (Ac-225). With this agreement  Actinium Pharmaceuticals will have access to Eckert & Ziegler’s high-purity Actinium-225 to further develop its promising lead product Actimab-A as well as additional early and late-stage development candidates for both U.S. and international clinical trials.Targeted radiotherapies using Ac-225 have shown great promise in the treatment of cancer. The radioisotope releases powerful alpha particles with high energy and low penetration depth  enabling precise targeting of tumor cells  including hard-to-reach micrometastases  while minimizing effects on surrounding healthy tissue. Actimab-A is an Ac-225 based radiotherapy agent  directed against CD33  a receptor overexpressed in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and other myeloid indications.“We are happy to contribute to the continuous expansion of indications for Actinium-225  which is significantly being advanced by Actinium Pharmaceuticals ” explained Dr. Harald Hasselmann  CEO of Eckert & Ziegler SE. “The progress we have made in our Ac-225 project over the past year marks only the start of our program to address the global shortage of this vital radionuclide.”Sandesh Seth  Chairman and CEO at Actium Pharmaceuticals  Inc. commented: “We believe that targeted radiation therapy with Actinium-225 is one of the most promising approaches for treating patients with myeloid malignancies and solid tumors. As a pioneer in the development of target radiotherapies  we have aggressive plans to expand our clinical pipeline to address indications with high unmet needs. With this supply agreement with Eckert & Ziegler  we will have access to reliable and constant supply of Ac-225 to advance our product development both in the U.S. as well as internationally.”Eckert & Ziegler reliably supplies high quality Gallium-68  Lutetium-177  Yttrium-90  and Actinium-225 to leading pharmaceutical companies and research institutions worldwide. With expertise in radioisotope production and global logistics  the company is committed to continuously support the development and delivery of innovative radiopharmaceuticals.About Eckert & ZieglerEckert & Ziegler SE  with more than 1 000 employees  is a leading specialist in isotope-related components for nuclear medicine and radiation therapy. The company offers a broad range of services and products for the radiopharmaceutical industry  from early development work to contract manufacturing and distribution. Eckert & Ziegler shares (ISIN DE0005659700) are listed in the TecDax index of Deutsche Börse.Contributing to saving lives.About Actinium Pharmaceuticals  Inc.Actinium is a pioneer in the development of targeted radiotherapies intended to meaningfully improve patient outcomes. Actinium is advancing its lead product candidate Actimab-A  a CD33 targeting therapeutic  as potential backbone therapy in acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and other myeloid malignancies leveraging the mutation agnostic alpha-emitter radioisotope payload Actinium-225 (Ac-225). Actimab-A has demonstrated potential activity in relapsed and refractory acute myeloid leukemia (r/r AML) patients in combination with the chemotherapy CLAG-M including high rates of Complete Remissions (CR) including measurable residual disease (MRD) negativity with improved survival outcomes and is being advanced to a pivotal Phase 2/3 trial. In addition  Actinium is engaged with the National Cancer Institute (NCI) under the Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) for development of Actimab-A in AML and other myeloid malignancies. The first clinical trial under the CRADA will evaluate the triplet combination comprised of Actimab-A  Venetoclax (Abbvie/Roche) an oral Bcl-2 inhibitor and ASTX-727 (Taiho Oncology  an Otsuka holdings company) a novel oral hypomethylating agent (HMA) in frontline acute myeloid leukemia (AML) patients. Iomab-ACT  Actinium's next generation conditioning candidate  is being developed with the goal of improving patient access and outcomes for potentially curative cell and gene therapies. Iomab-B is an induction and conditioning agent prior to bone marrow transplant in patients with r/r AML  which Actinium is seeking a potential strategic partner for the U.S. In addition  the company's R&D efforts are primarily focused on advancing several preclinical programs for solid tumor indications. Actinium holds 230 patents and patent applications including several patents related to the manufacture of the isotope Ac-225 in a cyclotron.For more information  please visit: https://www.actiniumpharma.com/ContactEckert & Ziegler SERobert-Rössle-Str. 10  13125 Berlin  GermanyJan Schöpflin  Marketing / Karolin Riehle  Investor Relationsjan.schoepflin@ezag.com / karolin.riehle@ezag.comTel.: +49 (0) 30 / 94 10 84-138; www.ezag.comActinium Pharmaceuticals  Inc.investorrelations@actiniumpharma.com25.03.2025 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.31,0.29,True,English,"['Comprehensive Development Activities', 'Actinium Pharmaceuticals', 'EQS-News', 'Eckert', 'Ziegler', 'pivotal Phase 2/3 trial', 'novel oral hypomethylating agent', 'next generation conditioning candidate', 'agnostic alpha-emitter radioisotope payload', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'frontline acute myeloid leukemia', 'Ac-225 based radiotherapy agent', 'oral Bcl-2 inhibitor', 'lead product candidate', 'first clinical trial', 'powerful alpha particles', 'low penetration depth', 'surrounding healthy tissue', 'Dr. Harald Hasselmann', 'Deutsche Börse', 'measurable residual disease', 'bone marrow transplant', 'R&D efforts', 'other myeloid malignancies', 'international clinical trials', 'potential strategic partner', 'high unmet needs', 'high quality Gallium', 'leading pharmaceutical companies', 'several preclinical programs', 'Key word(s', 'promising lead product', 'other myeloid indications', 'potential backbone therapy', 'National Cancer Institute', 'Comprehensive Development Activities', 'late-stage development candidates', 'CD33 targeting therapeutic', 'Otsuka holdings company', 'early development work', 'solid tumor indications', 'conditioning agent', 'clinical pipeline', 'potential activity', 'product development', 'additional early', 'high energy', 'precise targeting', 'tumor cells', 'promising approaches', 'solid tumors', 'leading specialist', 'high rates', 'radiation therapy', 'radioisotope production', 'U.S.', 'Incoming Orders', 'New York', 'great promise', 'continuous expansion', 'Ac-225 project', 'past year', 'global shortage', 'vital radionuclide', 'Sandesh Seth', 'Actium Pharmaceuticals', 'aggressive plans', 'research institutions', 'global logistics', 'innovative radiopharmaceuticals', 'isotope-related components', 'nuclear medicine', 'broad range', 'radiopharmaceutical industry', 'Complete Remissions', 'MRD) negativity', 'Cooperative Research', 'Taiho Oncology', 'curative cell', 'gene therapies', 'patent applications', 'several patents', 'isotope Ac-225', 'target radiotherapies', 'constant supply', 'targeted radiotherapies', 'patient outcomes', 'survival outcomes', 'Ziegler SE', 'Ziegler shares', 'TecDax index', 'triplet combination', 'Actinium Pharmaceuticals', 'high-purity Actinium', 'patient access', 'Development Agreement', 'Contact Eckert', 'r/r AML', 'supply agreement', 'Ziegler Eckert', '230 patents', 'EQS-News', 'CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Berlin', 'USA', '25 March', 'Actimab-A', 'treatment', 'micrometastases', 'effects', 'receptor', 'patients', 'Actinium-2', 'CEO', 'progress', 'start', 'Chairman', 'pioneer', 'reliable', 'Lutetium', 'Yttrium', 'expertise', 'delivery', '1,000 employees', 'services', 'products', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'lives', 'mutation', 'relapsed', 'chemotherapy', 'CLAG-M', 'CRADA', 'Venetoclax', 'Abbvie/Roche', 'ASTX-7', 'HMA', 'Iomab-ACT', 'goal', 'Iomab-B', 'induction', 'manufacture', 'cyclotron', 'information', 'actiniumpharma', '09']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,markets.businessinsider.com
49590,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3047625/0/en/CMB-TECH-and-MOL-sign-landmark-agreement-for-nine-ammonia-powered-vessels.html,CMB.TECH and MOL sign landmark agreement for nine ammonia-powered vessels,Antwerp  March 24  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  CMB.TECH NV (“CMBT”  “CMB.TECH” or “the Company”) (NYSE: CMBT & Euronext: CMBT) is pleased to announce that it has signed an agreement with Mitsui O.S.K. Lines  Ltd. (“MOL”) and MOL CHEMICAL TANKERS PTE. LTD. (“MOL…,Antwerp  March 24  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CMB.TECH NV (“CMBT”  “CMB.TECH” or “the Company”) (NYSE: CMBT & Euronext: CMBT) is pleased to announce that it has signed an agreement with Mitsui O.S.K. Lines  Ltd. (“MOL”) and MOL CHEMICAL TANKERS PTE. LTD. (“MOLCT”) for nine ammonia-powered vessels. These vessels will be among the world's first ammonia-powered Newcastlemax bulk carriers and chemical tankers. The delivery of these ships is expected between 2026 and 2029.This landmark agreement between MOL/MOLCT  and CMB.TECH involves nine ammonia-powered ships. Three ammonia-fitted 210.000 dwt Newcastlemax bulk carriers currently on order at Qingdao Beihai Shipyard will be jointly owned by CMB.TECH and MOL and chartered to MOL for a period of 12 years each. Six chemical tankers - two ammonia-fitted and four ammonia-ready - have been ordered at China Merchants Jinling Shipyard (Yangzhou) by CMB.TECH and chartered to MOLCT for 10 and 7 years each respectively.The Newcastlemaxes will be delivered in 2026 and 2027  whilst the chemical tankers’ delivery is expected in 2028 and 2029.Alexander Saverys  CEO of CMB.TECH said: ”We are proud and honoured to sign this landmark agreement with MOL and MOLCT  one of the most respected shipowners in the world. MOL and CMB.TECH share the same vision of decarbonising the maritime industry  and the partnership for these nine vessels is a major milestone towards achieving shipping industry’s goals of net zero emissions by 2050. Thanks to this agreement  CMB.TECH increases its contract backlog by 921 million USD (to USD 2.94 billion USD)  clearly demonstrating that our strategy of fleet rejuvenation  decarbonisation and diversification is yielding tangible results.”Announcement final year results – 27 March 2025About CMB.TECHCMB.TECH is a diversified and future-proof maritime group. We own and operate more than 150 seagoing vessels: crude oil tankers  dry bulk vessels  container ships  chemical tankers  offshore wind vessels & workboats. We also offer hydrogen and ammonia fuel to customers  through own production or third-party producers.The company is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices across Europe  Asia  United States and Africa.CMB.TECH is listed on Euronext Brussels and the NYSE under the ticker symbol CMBT.More information can be found at https://cmb.techAbout MOLMitsui O.S.K. Lines (MOL)  headquartered in Tokyo  is a leading shipping company with the world’s second-largest fleet of about 900 vessels and the largest chemical tanker fleet globally. The MOL fleet includes dry cargo ships  liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers  car carriers  and tankers. In addition to the traditional shipping businesses  MOL also offers wellbeing & lifestyle businesses such as real property  terminal operations  and ferry services  as well as social infrastructure businesses such as logistics and offshore wind power. With one of the largest merchant fleet and about 140 years of history  experience  and technology  MOL will make a leap forward to become a global social infrastructure company  support people's daily lives from the blue ocean  open the way to a prosperous future  and deliver new value to all stakeholders.Website: https://www.mol.co.jp/en/About MOL CTAlong with Fairfield Chemical Carriers  a wholly owned subsidiary of MOLCT  the company has the industry's largest stainless steel tank chemical fleet of more than 110 vessels in service worldwide  transporting a wide variety of liquid chemicals  vegetable oils  animal fats and lubricants. The company employs approximately 410 people  and operates a total of 12 offices in Tokyo  Copenhagen  London  Rotterdam  Houston  Stanford  Bogota  Dubai  Durban  Busan  and Shanghai  with its headquarters in Singapore.Website: www.molchemtankers.comForward-Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbour protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbour provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbour legislation. The words “believe”  “anticipate”  “intends”  “estimate”  “forecast”  “project”  “plan”  “potential”  “may”  “should”  “expect”  “pending” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  our management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control  we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections.In addition to these important factors  other important factors that  in our view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include potential legal actions by other parties relating to the Market Court’s decision  the outcome of the proceedings pending before the Enterprise Court in Antwerp  the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in our operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for our vessels  availability of financing and refinancing  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['nine ammonia-powered vessels', 'landmark agreement', 'CMB', 'TECH', 'MOL', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'largest stainless steel tank chemical fleet', 'Mitsui O.S.K. Lines', 'first ammonia-powered Newcastlemax bulk carriers', '210.000 dwt Newcastlemax bulk carriers', 'China Merchants Jinling Shipyard', 'largest chemical tanker fleet', 'global social infrastructure company', 'MOL CHEMICAL TANKERS PTE', 'largest merchant fleet', 'social infrastructure businesses', 'Fairfield Chemical Carriers', 'Qingdao Beihai Shipyard', 'net zero emissions', 'dry bulk vessels', 'offshore wind power', 'safe harbour protections', 'safe harbour provisions', 'safe harbour legislation', 'Six chemical tankers', 'nine ammonia-powered ships', 'crude oil tankers', 'final year results', 'future-proof maritime group', 'historical operating trends', 'nine ammonia-powered vessels', 'traditional shipping businesses', 'dry cargo ships', 'offshore wind vessels', 'chemical tankers’ delivery', 'leading shipping company', 'largest fleet', 'LNG) carriers', 'car carriers', 'fleet rejuvenation', 'nine vessels', 'lifestyle businesses', 'MOL fleet', 'The Newcastlemaxes', 'tangible results', 'historical facts', 'shipping industry', 'container ships', 'maritime industry', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Three ammonia-fitted', 'two ammonia', 'four ammonia', 'Alexander Saverys', 'same vision', 'major milestone', 'contract backlog', '150 seagoing vessels', 'ammonia fuel', 'third-party producers', 'United States', 'ticker symbol', 'More information', 'real property', 'terminal operations', 'ferry services', 'daily lives', 'blue ocean', 'prosperous future', 'new value', 'wide variety', 'liquid chemicals', 'vegetable oils', 'animal fats', 'press release', 'prospective information', 'future events', 'cautionary statement', 'similar expressions', 'third parties', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'other statements', 'underlying assumptions', 'various assumptions', 'landmark agreement', 'Euronext Brussels', 'other data', 'MOL CT', 'TECH NV', '900 vessels', '110 vessels', 'Antwerp', 'March', 'CMB', 'NYSE', 'LTD.', 'MOLCT', 'world', 'order', 'period', '12 years', 'Yangzhou', '7 years', 'CEO', 'respected', 'shipowners', 'partnership', 'goals', 'USD', 'strategy', 'decarbonisation', 'diversification', 'Announcement', 'diversified', 'workboats', 'hydrogen', 'customers', 'production', 'Belgium', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Africa', 'Tokyo', 'addition', 'wellbeing', 'logistics', '140 years', 'history', 'experience', 'technology', 'leap', 'people', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'Website', 'subsidiary', 'lubricants', 'total', 'Copenhagen', 'London', 'Rotterdam', 'Houston', 'Stanford', 'Bogota', 'Dubai', 'Durban', 'Busan', 'Shanghai', 'headquarters', 'Singapore', 'molchemtankers', 'Matters', 'companies', 'plans', 'objectives', 'strategies', 'performance', 'advantage', 'connection', 'words', 'forecast', 'project', 'turn', 'limitation', 'management', 'examination', 'records', '921']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49591,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3048185/0/en/EVS-Broadcast-Equipment-reports-update-of-share-buyback-program.html,EVS Broadcast Equipment reports update of share buyback program,EVS reports update of share buyback program           Liège  Belgium | March 24  2025    EVS Broadcast Equipment reports that the following...,EVS reports update of share buyback programLiège  Belgium | March 24  2025EVS Broadcast Equipment reports that the following transactions  conducted within the framework of the share buyback program announced on November 25  2024  took place between March 17 and 21  2025:Trade Date Number of shares acquired Average price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Total (EUR) Market 17-03-25 1.860 37.7395 37.75 37.70 70.195 XBRU 18-03-25 - - - - - 19-03-25 - - - - - 20-03-25 - - - - - 21-03-25 - - - - - Total 1.860 37.7395 37.75 37.70 70.195As of March 21  2025  and since the start of the buyback program  EVS has bought 252 518 shares at an average price of EUR 32.4935  representing in total EUR 8 205 190.5. This corresponds to 82.05% of the announced 10 Mio€ program completed.After aforementioned transactions  the total number of own shares amounts to 941 970 shares as of March 21  2025 (including 776 508 shares already held by the company before the start of the share buyback program).All details related to the acquisition of own shares by EVS Broadcast Equipment can be found on https://evs.com/investors/share-buybackAbout EVSWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as a leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies. Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 700 team members and ensuring sales  training  and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. EVS is  amongst others  part of the Euronext Tech Leaders and Euronext BEL Mid indices.Media ContactsFor more info about this press release  or to set up an interview with EVS  please contact:Veerle De Wit – Chief Financial OfficerTel: +32 4 361 7004 – Email: v.dewit@evs.comSébastien Verlaine – Senior Brand & Corporate Communications ManagerTel: +32 4 361 5809 – Email: s.verlaine@evs.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['EVS Broadcast Equipment reports', 'share buyback program', 'update', 'gripping live sports images', 'Euronext BEL Mid indices', 'live video technology', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Sébastien Verlaine', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Trade Date Number', 'new media productions', 'entire production process', 'share buyback program', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment', 'Euronext Brussels', '10 Mio€ program', 'production teams', 'Media Contacts', 'Liège', 'Average price', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'leading provider', 'entertainment shows', 'real time', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '700 team members', 'technical support', 'press release', 'Senior Brand', 'total number', 'EVS reports', 'EVS solutions', 'public company', 'update', 'Belgium', 'March', 'transactions', 'framework', 'November', 'place', 'shares', 'Market', 'XBRU', 'start', 'details', 'acquisition', 'investors', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'business', 'industry', 'commitment', 'results', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'others', 'part', 'info', 'interview', 'Tel', 'Email', 'dewit', 'Attachment', '32']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49592,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3048151/0/en/Melexis-update-on-the-share-buy-back-program.html,Melexis: update on the share buy-back program,Press release - Regulated Information    Ieper  Belgium – 24 March 2025  17.45 hrs CET  Further to the initiation of the share buy-back program...,Press release - Regulated InformationIeper  Belgium – 24 March 2025  17.45 hrs CETFurther to the initiation of the share buy-back program announced on 10 December 2024  Melexis reports the purchase of 33 000 Melexis shares on Euronext Brussels in the period from 17 to 21 March 2025.Trade date Total shares purchased Average price (€) Min price (€) Max price (€) Buyback amount (€) 17/3/2025 6 000 58.94 58.60 59.30 353 615 18/3/2025 6 000 59.75 59.30 60.60 358 492 19/3/2025 6 000 58.80 58.55 59.15 352 829 20/3/2025 6 178 57.59 57.10 58.80 355 819 21/3/2025 8 822 56.13 55.70 57.30 495 179 TOTAL 33 000 58.06 55.70 60.60 1 915 934As a result of purchases made since the launch of the share buy-back program for up to 850 000 shares  Melexis now holds 303 200 treasury shares.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'Melexis', 'update', 'share buy-back program', 'Press release', 'Regulated Information', '17.45 hrs CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Trade date', 'Average price', 'Min price', 'Max price', 'Buyback amount', 'Total shares', '303,200 treasury shares', '33,000 Melexis shares', '850,000 shares', 'Ieper', 'Belgium', '24 March', 'initiation', '10 December', 'purchase', 'period', '21 March', 'result', 'launch']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49593,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3048157/0/en/With-66-patents-filed-in-2024-GTT-confirms-the-acceleration-of-its-innovation-momentum-and-its-technological-leadership-in-the-INPI-ranking.html,With 66 patents filed in 2024  GTT confirms the acceleration of its innovation momentum and its technological leadership in the INPI ranking,With 66 patents filed in 2024  GTT confirms the acceleration of its innovation momentum and its technological leadership in the INPI rankingParis  March 24  2025 – The GTT Group  technological expert in membrane containment systems used to transport and store…,With 66 patents filed in 2024  GTT confirms the acceleration of its innovation momentum and its technological leadership in the INPI rankingParis  March 24  2025 – The GTT Group  technological expert in membrane containment systems used to transport and store liquefied gases  announces the filing of a total of 66 patent applications with the INPI1 in 2024  marking an increase from 2023. This achievement illustrates the acceleration of the Group’s innovation momentum and reinforces its position as a leading technological player.By moving from the 26th to the 23rd position in the Top 50 of French patent-filing companies  GTT demonstrates its commitment to anticipating the challenges of the global energy landscape and the maritime sector.Driven by an ambitious vision  the Group is accelerating the development of cutting-edge technologies for the energy transition and low-carbon solutions  such as the transport and storage of liquefied hydrogen or ammonia  the use of LNG as fuel and of onboard carbon capture technologies.At the same time  GTT is continuously optimising its existing solutions to improve the energy efficiency of maritime players and address their evolving needs and environmental regulations.Philippe Berterottière  Chairman and CEO of GTT  stated: “With 66 patent applications filed in 2024  GTT confirms its technological leadership and strong presence among the champions of innovation in France  having secured the 23rd position in the overall INPI ranking. This achievement highlights the strength of our innovation momentum and our determination to envision  today  the solutions that the world will need tomorrow. More than ever  we are convinced that innovation is a strategic lever to succeed in the energy transition  and we are continuing to invest in R&D to offer our customers increasingly efficient and environmentally friendly solutions.”About GTTGTT is a technology and engineering group with expertise in the design and development of cryogenic membrane containment systems for use in the transport and storage of liquefied gases. Over the past 60 years  the GTT Group has designed and developed  to the highest standards of excellence  some of the most innovative technologies used in LNG carriers  floating terminals  onshore storage tanks and multi-gas carriers. As part of its commitment to building a sustainable world  GTT develops new solutions designed to support ship-owners and energy providers in their journey towards a decarbonised future. As such  the Group offers systems designed to enable commercial vessels to use LNG as fuel  develops cutting-edge digital solutions to enhance vessels’ economic and environmental performance  and actively pursues innovation in the field of low-carbon solutions. Through its subsidiary  Elogen  which designs and manufactures proton exchange membrane (PEM) electrolysers  GTT is also actively involved in the green hydrogen sector.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in the CAC Next 20  SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indices.For more information  visit www.gtt.frInvestor Relations Contact: information-financiere@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 20 87Press Contact: press@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 56 371 INPI – French National Institute of Industrial PropertyAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['innovation momentum', 'technological leadership', 'INPI ranking', '66 patents', 'GTT', 'acceleration', '2024', 'MSCI Small Cap indices', 'cryogenic membrane containment systems', 'proton exchange membrane', 'French patent-filing companies', 'Philippe Berterottière', 'French National Institute', 'Industrial Property Attachment', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'carbon capture technologies', 'leading technological player', 'global energy landscape', 'environmentally friendly solutions', 'green hydrogen sector', 'onshore storage tanks', 'cutting-edge digital solutions', 'overall INPI ranking', 'The GTT Group', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'maritime sector', 'liquefied hydrogen', 'innovative technologies', 'technological leadership', 'technological expert', 'energy transition', 'energy efficiency', 'energy providers', 'low-carbon solutions', 'existing solutions', 'new solutions', 'liquefied gases', '66 patent applications', 'ambitious vision', 'same time', 'maritime players', 'evolving needs', 'environmental regulations', 'strong presence', 'strategic lever', 'R&D', 'past 60 years', 'highest standards', 'floating terminals', 'multi-gas carriers', 'decarbonised future', 'commercial vessels', 'vessels’ economic', 'environmental performance', 'PEM) electrolysers', 'Compartment A', 'CAC Next', 'Stoxx Europe', 'Press Contact', '23rd position', 'engineering group', 'Euronext Paris', 'innovation momentum', 'sustainable world', 'LNG carriers', '1 INPI', '66 patents', 'acceleration', 'transport', 'total', 'INPI1', 'increase', 'achievement', '26th', 'Top 50', 'commitment', 'challenges', 'development', 'ammonia', 'use', 'fuel', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'champions', 'France', 'strength', 'determination', 'customers', 'efficient', 'technology', 'expertise', 'design', 'excellence', 'ship-owners', 'journey', 'field', 'subsidiary', 'Elogen', 'ISIN', 'SBF', 'information', 'financiere', '2024']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49594,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3048163/0/en/IBA-Share-buyback.html,IBA – Share buyback,Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  March 24th  2025 - Ion Beam Applications SA (IBA) announces today the launch of a share buyback program  effective as of March 25th  2025  in application of article 7:215 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code.,Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  March 24th  2025 - Ion Beam Applications SA (IBA) announces today the launch of a share buyback program  effective as of March 25th  2025  in application of article 7:215 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code.By a decision of the Board of Directors of March 18th  2025  taken pursuant to the authorization given by the EGM of September 4th  2023  IBA launched a program to buy back own shares through a mandate given to a market intermediary. This program covers a maximum of 650.000 ordinary shares. Depending on market conditions  it will be executed over a fixed period of time from March 25th  2025  to December 31st  2025 (included). Its objective is to cover the company’s obligation of shares delivery as part of long-term incentive plans granted to management and certain employees in the form of stock options.IBA will continuously monitor its current and future obligations under its incentive plans in order to maintain an adequate level of treasury shares.The number of treasury shares held by IBA amounted to 313.579 on March 24th  2025. The total number of IBA ordinary shares outstanding is 30.282.218.***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered as the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 100 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB). More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comCONTACTOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Share buyback', 'IBA', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'Ion Beam Applications SA', 'particle accelerator technology', 'certified B Corporation', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'long-term incentive plans', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'share buyback program', 'IBA ordinary shares', '650.000 ordinary shares', 'stock options', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'March 24th', 'March 25th', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'March 18th', 'September 4th', 'market intermediary', 'market conditions', 'fixed period', 'December 31st', 'shares delivery', 'future obligations', 'adequate level', 'treasury shares', 'world leader', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'radiation therapy', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'Olivier Lechien', 'total number', 'advanced form', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'launch', 'decision', 'Board', 'Directors', 'authorization', 'EGM', 'mandate', 'maximum', 'time', 'objective', 'company', 'management', 'employees', 'current', 'order', 'ENDS', 'equipment', 'services', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2,100 people', 'social', 'EURONEXT', 'BB', 'CONTACT', 'group', 'Attachment']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49595,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3047528/0/en/Valneva-Responds-to-French-Government-s-Call-for-Vaccine-Supply-of-IXCHIQ-against-Chikungunya-Outbreak-in-La-R%C3%A9union.html,Valneva Responds to French Government’s Call for Vaccine Supply of IXCHIQ® against Chikungunya Outbreak in La Réunion,Saint Herblain (France)  March 24  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that it is responding to the chikungunya outbreak that is rapidly intensifying in France’s Island of La Réunion with its vac…,"Saint Herblain (France)  March 24  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that it is responding to the chikungunya outbreak that is rapidly intensifying in France’s Island of La Réunion with its vaccine IXCHIQ®. In agreement and with support from the local public health agency  the Agence Régionale de Santé La Réunion  Valneva will provide 40 000 doses starting early April  with an option to provide more  through distribution agreements with the Island’s wholesalers. This supply of doses  paid for by the French authorities  is in line with the recommendation of France’s national public health agency  the Haute Autorité de Santé (HAS)  to prioritize for vaccination adults aged 65 and over  with co-morbidities. IXCHIQ® remains available for purchase in France (mainland and overseas).Chikungunya cases have spiked substantially in La Réunion since early 2025  with 8 600 cases recorded and almost 3 000 new cases during the week of March 3 to 9  20251. Similar to the 2005-2006 chikungunya outbreak  there is a risk of transmission to mainland France and other French overseas territories. Local authorities of La Réunion have published a Level 4 emergency crisis management plan to contain the outbreak  while the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) agency of the United States (U.S.) also issued a travel alert as millions of international travelers visit France's southern resorts and La Réunion Island annually.Juan Carlos Jaramillo  M.D.  Chief Medical Officer of Valneva  “Chikungunya outbreaks spread rapidly  so it is crucial to vaccinate as many people as possible to help contain the virus. We have the capacity to supply more doses and will continue working closely with Agence Régionale de Santé La Réunion to manage this outbreak locally and prevent its spread to other regions through international travel.""IXCHIQ® is the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this significant unmet medical need. It is approved in the United States2  Europe3  Canada4 and the United Kingdom5 for the prevention of disease caused by the chikungunya virus in individuals 18 years of age and older. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) recently adopted a positive opinion recommending authorization of a label extension for IXCHIQ® to individuals 12 years of age and older6.On March 5  2025  the Haute Autorité de Santé recommended to prioritize for vaccination adults aged 65 and over  especially those with comorbidities  followed by adults aged 18 and over with comorbidities  and vector control workers7.Valneva is focused on expanding the vaccine’s label and access. In the third quarter of 2024  the Company expanded its partnership with the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness (CEPI)8  with support from the EU Horizon Europe program  through a $41.3 million grant to advance broader access to the vaccine in Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMICs)  post-marketing studies and research to support potential label extensions in children  adolescents and pregnant women.Within the framework of this partnership  Valneva recently announced the signing of an exclusive license agreement with the Serum Institute of India (SII)9  the world’s largest manufacturer of vaccines by number of doses  enabling the supply of the vaccine in Asia  with a commitment to priority supply of the chikungunya vaccine at an affordable price to public health markets in LMICs.This new agreement complements the license agreement Valneva signed in 2021 with Instituto Butantan in Brazil for the development  manufacturing and marketing of a local chikungunya vaccine at an affordable price for distribution in Latin American countries and selected LMICs affected by the disease.About ChikungunyaChikungunya virus (CHIKV) is a mosquito-borne viral disease spread by the bites of infected Aedes mosquitoes which causes fever  severe joint and muscle pain  headache  nausea  fatigue and rash. Joint pain is often debilitating and can persist for weeks to years10.In 2004  the disease began to spread quickly  causing large-scale outbreaks around the world. Since the re-emergence of the virus  CHIKV has now been identified in over 110 countries in Asia  Africa  Europe and the Americas11. Between 2013 and 2023  more than 3.7 million cases were reported in the Americas12 and the economic impact is considered to be significant. The medical and economic burden is expected to grow with climate change as the mosquito vectors that transmit the disease continue to spread geographically. As such  the World Health Organization (WHO) has highlighted chikungunya as a major public health problem.13About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first and only chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  the world’s most clinically advanced tetravalent Shigella vaccine candidate  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats. More information is available at www.valneva.com.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comAbout CEPICEPI was launched in 2017 as an innovative partnership between public  private  philanthropic and civil organizations. Its mission is to accelerate the development of vaccines and other biologic countermeasures against epidemic and pandemic threats so they can be accessible to all people in need. CEPI has supported the development of more than 50 vaccine candidates or platform technologies against multiple known high-risk pathogens or a future Disease X. Central to CEPI’s pandemic-beating five-year plan for 2022-2026 is the ‘100 Days Mission’ to compress the time taken to develop safe  effective  globally accessible vaccines against new threats to just 100 days.Learn more at CEPI.net. Follow us on X (@CEPIvaccines)  LinkedIn and Facebook.About Horizon EuropeHorizon Europe — #HorizonEU — is the European Union's flagship Research and Innovation programme  part of the EU-long-term Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) with a budget of €95.5 billion to spend over a seven-year period (2021-2027). Under Horizon Europe  health research will be supported with the aim to find new ways to keep people healthy  prevent diseases  develop better diagnostics and more effective therapies  use personalised medicine approaches to improve healthcare and wellbeing  and take up innovative health technologies  such as digital ones.CEPI Media Contactpress@cepi.net+44 7387 055214Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to possible additional sales in an outbreak context  the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing this information as of the date of this press release and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Chikungunya à La Réunion : semaine du 3 au 9 mars 2025 | Agence Régionale de Santé La Réunion2 Valneva Announces U.S. FDA Approval of World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ®3 Valneva Receives Marketing Authorization in Europe for the World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ®4 Valneva Announces Health Canada Approval of the World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ®5 Valneva Receives Marketing Authorization in the UK for the World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ®6 Valneva Receives EMA’s Positive CHMP Opinion for Adolescent Label Extension for Chikungunya Vaccine IXCHIQ® - Valneva7 https://www.has-sante.fr/jcms/p_3594168/fr/epidemie-de-chikungunya-quelle-strategie-vaccinale-a-la-reunion-et-a-mayotte8 CEPI Expands Partnership with Valneva with a $41.3 Million Grant to Support Broader Access to the World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine - Valneva9 Valneva Successfully Expands Access to Asia for its Chikungunya Vaccine with Serum Institute of India - Valneva10 https://jvi.asm.org/content/jvi/88/20/11644.full.pdf11 https://cmr.asm.org/content/31/1/e00104-1612 PAHO/WHO data: Number of reported cases of chikungunya fever in the Americas (Cumulative Cases 2018-2023 and Cases per year 2013-2017). https://www.paho.org/data/index.php/en/mnu-topics/chikv-en/550-chikv-weekly-en.html. Last accessed 01 Aug 2023.13 Geographical expansion of cases of dengue and chikungunya beyond the historical areas of transmission in the Region of the Americas (who.int)Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.15,0.21,0.63,True,English,"['La Réunion', 'French Government', 'Vaccine Supply', 'Chikungunya Outbreak', 'Valneva', 'Call', 'IXCHIQ®', 'Agence Régionale de Santé La Réunion', 'Level 4 emergency crisis management plan', 'Haute Autorité de Santé', 'The European Medicines Agency', 'major public health problem', 'La Réunion Island', 'national public health agency', 'significant unmet medical need', 'other French overseas territories', 'EU Horizon Europe program', 'local public health agency', 'first licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'public health markets', 'unmet medical needs', 'Juan Carlos Jaramillo', 'strong track record', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'vector control workers', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'class vaccine solutions', 'World Health Organization', 'potential label extensions', 'Latin American countries', 'specialty vaccine company', 'local chikungunya vaccine', 'exclusive license agreement', 'mosquito-borne viral disease', '2005-2006 chikungunya outbreak', 'CDC) agency', 'French authorities', 'Local authorities', 'other regions', 'Chikungunya outbreaks', 'Saint Herblain', 'Euronext Paris', 'Disease Control', 'United States', 'U.S.', 'travel alert', 'international travelers', 'southern resorts', 'M.D.', 'many people', 'United Kingdom5', 'positive opinion', 'third quarter', 'Epidemic Preparedness', '$41.3 million grant', 'Middle-Income Countries', 'post-marketing studies', 'pregnant women', 'Serum Institute', 'largest manufacturer', 'affordable price', 'new agreement', 'Instituto Butantan', 'Aedes mosquitoes', 'severe joint', 'muscle pain', 'Joint pain', 'large-scale outbreaks', 'economic impact', 'economic burden', 'climate change', 'mosquito vectors', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'deep expertise', 'Chikungunya cases', '3,000 new cases', '3.7 million cases', 'chikungunya virus', 'vaccine IXCHIQ', 'distribution agreements', 'broader access', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'priority supply', 'Valneva SE', 'mainland France', 'vaccination adults', '110 countries', '8,600 cases', 'IXCHIQ®', 'March', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'support', '40,000 doses', 'April', 'option', 'wholesalers', 'line', 'recommendation', 'HAS', 'morbidities', 'week', 'risk', 'transmission', 'Centers', 'Prevention', 'millions', 'capacity', 'spread', 'Canada4', 'individuals', '18 years', 'EMA', 'authorization', '12 years', 'partnership', 'Coalition', 'CEPI', 'LMICs', 'research', 'children', 'adolescents', 'framework', 'signing', 'India', 'SII', 'number', 'Asia', 'commitment', 'Brazil', 'development', 'manufacturing', 'CHIKV', 'bites', 'fever', 'headache', 'nausea', 'fatigue', 'rash', 'emergence', 'Africa', 'Americas11', 'Americas12', 'specialized', 'advanc']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49596,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3048162/0/en/ARAMIS-GROUP-Declaration-of-transactions-on-own-shares-conducted-from-March-17-to-March-21-2025.html,ARAMIS GROUP - Declaration of transactions on own shares conducted from March 17 to March 21  2025,PRESS RELEASE  Arcueil  March 24  2025  Declaration of transactions on own shares conducted from March 17 to March 21  2025  Within the framework of...,PRESS RELEASEArcueil  March 24  2025Declaration of transactions on own sharesconducted from March 17 to March 21  2025Within the framework of the authorizations granted by the General Assembly on February 4  2025  to operate on its shares and in accordance with the regulations related to share buybacks  Aramis Group hereby declares the following purchases of own shares (FR0014003U94) made from March 17 to March 21  2025 (excluding the liquidity contract):Name of the issuer Issuer identifier code Transaction date Financial instrument identifier code Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of shares Market Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42 2025-03-17 FR0014003U94 5 300. 7.5059 XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42 2025-03-18 FR0014003U94 3 001 7.5489 XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42 2025-03-19 FR0014003U94 4 000. 7.4500 XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42 2025-03-20 FR0014003U94 2 500. 7.5700 XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42 2025-03-21 FR0014003U94 3 000. 7.5483 XPAR TOTAL 17 801 7.5168Detailed information regarding these transactions is available on the Aramis Group website at the following address: https://aramis.group/investors/regulated-information/***About Aramis Group – www.aramis.groupAramis Group is the European leader for B2C online used car sales and operates in six countries. A fast-growing group  an e-commerce expert and a vehicle refurbishing pioneer  Aramis Group takes action each day for more sustainable mobility with an offering that is part of the circular economy. Founded in 2001  it has been revolutionizing its market for over 20 years  focused on ensuring the satisfaction of its customers and capitalizing on digital technology and employee engagement to create value for all its stakeholders. With annual revenues of more than €2 billion  Aramis Group sells more than 110 000 vehicles B2C and welcomes close to 70 million visitors across all its digital platforms each year. The Group employs more than 2 400 people and has eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers throughout Europe. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94).Investor contact Press contactinvestor@aramis.group BrunswickHugues BoëtonTristan Roquet Montegonaramisgroup@brunswickgroup.com+33 (0)6 79 99 27 15Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['ARAMIS GROUP', 'Declaration', 'transactions', 'shares', 'March', 'issuer Issuer identifier code Transaction date', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'B2C online used car sales', 'Financial instrument identifier code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon aramisgroup', 'eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers', 'Investor contact Press contact', '5059 XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42', '7.4500 XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42', '700 XPAR Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42', 'Market Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42', 'Total daily volume', 'vehicle refurbishing pioneer', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Aramis Group website', '483 XPAR TOTAL', '110,000 vehicles B2C', 'aramis.group', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'growing group', 'The Group', 'group Brunswick', 'General Assembly', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'liquidity contract', 'Detailed information', 'following address', 'European leader', 'six countries', 'e-commerce expert', 'sustainable mobility', 'circular economy', 'digital technology', 'employee engagement', 'annual revenues', '70 million visitors', 'digital platforms', 'Arcueil', 'March', 'Declaration', 'transactions', 'shares', 'framework', 'authorizations', 'February', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Name', 'number', 'investors', 'regulated-information', 'offering', '20 years', 'satisfaction', 'customers', 'value', 'stakeholders', '2,400 people', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'brunswickgroup', 'Attachment']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49597,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3048257/0/en/Banijay-Group-weekly-share-transactions.html,Banijay Group: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 24 March 2025  Share Transactions Disclosure  Banijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made...,Press ReleaseParis – 24 March 2025Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 17 March to 21 March 2025 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 23 May 2024.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2025-03-17 BUY 48 8.550000 410.40 XAMS 2025-03-17 SELL 319 8.600000 2 743.40 XAMS 2025-03-18 BUY 25 8.550000 213.75 XAMS 2025-03-18 SELL 30 8.600000 258.00 XAMS 2025-03-19 BUY 87 8.550000 743.85 XAMS 2025-03-19 SELL 68 8.600000 584.80 XAMS 2025-03-20 BUY 344 8.592006 2 955.65 XAMS 2025-03-20 SELL 158 8.637975 1 364.80 XAMS 2025-03-21 BUY 186 8.600000 1 599.60 XAMS 2025-03-21 SELL 61 8.650000 527.65 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaFY 2024 results: 6 March 2025Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ:NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).1 Previously known as FL Entertainment N.V. until 24 May 2024Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'Banijay Group', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'global entertainment leader', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'following transactions', 'live experiences', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'FY 2024 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Banijay Gaming', 'BNJ.AS', 'Paris', '24 March', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '17 March', '21 March', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '23 May', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '6 March', 'Phone', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '24 May', 'Attachment']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49598,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3047570/0/en/Ontex-Group-NV-announces-offering-of-400-million-senior-notes.html,Ontex Group NV announces offering of €400 million senior notes,Not for release  publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into  or to any person located or resident in or at any address in  the United States of America or to any person located or resident in any other jurisdiction in which it would be un…,"Not for release  publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into  or to any person located or resident in or at any address in  the United States of America or to any person located or resident in any other jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful to do so.Aalst  Belgium  March 24  2025 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext Brussels: ONTEX) (""Ontex"")  a leading international developer and producer of personal care products for retailers and healthcare providers  announces the launch of an offering of €400 million in aggregate principal amount of euro-denominated fixed-rate senior notes due 2030 (the ""Notes"")  in a private placement to investors outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended. Ontex intends to use the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes to (i) partially repurchase its outstanding senior notes due 2026 (the ""Existing Notes"")  and (ii) pay related accrued interest  fees and expenses.Important informationThis document does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the Existing Notes or any other securities  and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase in the United States or in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful. This document does not constitute a notice of redemption or satisfaction and discharge. Any such notice will be given in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the Existing Notes.The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the ""Securities Act"") and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will be no public offering of securities in the United States in connection with this transaction.This press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of EU Regulation 2017/1129 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"").The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investors in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following persons: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently  no key information document required by EU Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to a retail investor in the EEA has been prepared and  therefore  offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investors in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following persons: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 as amended (the ""FSMA"") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and  therefore  offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.This press release and the offering memorandum related to the Notes are for distribution only to  and are directed solely at  (x) persons who (i) are outside the United Kingdom  (ii) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"")  or (iii) are high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2) of the Order and (y) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). This press release and the offering memorandum related to the Notes are directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied upon by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this press release and the offering memorandum related to the Notes relate is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.The securities referred to herein are also not intended to be offered  sold  distributed or otherwise made available  and should not be offered  sold  distributed or otherwise made available  to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a ""consumer"" (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) dated February 28  2013  as amended (a ""Belgian Consumer"") and this press release  the offering memorandum related to the Notes or any other documents or materials relating to the offer have not been and shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Belgium to Belgian Consumers.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms as ""believe""  ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""may""  ""assume""  ""plan""  ""intend""  ""will""  ""should""  ""estimate""  ""risk"" and or  in each case  their negatives  or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and include statements regarding Ontex's or any of its affiliates’ intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  among other things  Ontex's or any of its affiliates’ results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth  strategies and the industries in which they operate. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Readers are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that Ontex's or any of its affiliates’ actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. In addition  even if Ontex's or any of its affiliates’ results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.The forward-looking statements and information contained in this announcement are made as of the date hereof and Ontex undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements or information  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  unless so required by applicable securities laws.EnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Catherine Weyne +32 53 33 36 22 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of baby  feminine and adult care products  both for retailers and the healthcare sector. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through retailers and healthcare providers. Employing some 7 000 people  Ontex has a presence in 14 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussel and is a constituent of the Bel Mid® index. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.22,0.68,True,English,"['Ontex Group NV', '€400 million senior notes', 'offering', 'high net worth entities', 'denominated fixed-rate senior notes', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'leading international developer', 'personal care products', 'aggregate principal amount', 'European Economic Area', 'outstanding senior notes', 'key information document', 'Ontex Group NV', 'Financial Promotion) Order', 'UK PRIIPs Regulation', 'net proceeds', 'Regulation S', 'Important information', 'European Union', 'Financial Services', 'Withdrawal) Act', 'Markets Act', 'United States', 'Euronext Brussels', 'healthcare providers', 'private placement', 'accrued interest', 'other securities', 'applicable exemption', 'retail investor', 'retail client', 'professional client', 'qualified investor', 'United Kingdom', 'domestic law', 'professional experience', 'following persons', 'other persons', 'Existing Notes', 'The Notes', 'press release', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'other jurisdiction', 'registration requirements', 'public offering', 'MiFID II', 'offering memorandum', 'EU Regulation', 'EU) No', 'investors', 'No.', 'publication', 'distribution', 'address', 'America', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'producer', 'retailers', 'launch', 'related', 'fees', 'expenses', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'notice', 'redemption', 'satisfaction', 'discharge', 'accordance', 'terms', 'indenture', 'announcement', 'connection', 'transaction', 'meaning', 'EEA', 'purposes', 'point', 'Article', 'Directive', 'customer', 'part', 'virtue', 'EUWA', 'provisions', 'FSMA', 'rules', 'regulations', 'matters', 'investments']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49599,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3047533/0/en/Press-Release-Availability-of-the-Q1-2025-Aide-m%C3%A9moire.html,Press Release: Availability of the Q1 2025 Aide mémoire,Availability of the Q1 2025 Aide mémoire  Paris  France – March 24  2025. Sanofi announced today that its Q1 2025 Aide mémoire is available on the......,"Availability of the Q1 2025 Aide mémoireParis  France – March 24  2025. Sanofi announced today that its Q1 2025 Aide mémoire is available on the ""Investors"" page of the company's website:First quarter 2025 (sanofi.com)As for each quarter  Sanofi prepared this document to assist in the financial modelling of the Group's quarterly results. This document includes a reminder on various non-comparable items and exclusivity losses as well as the foreign currency impact and share count. Sanofi's first quarter 2025 results will be published on April 24  2025.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | + 33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | + 1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen | + 44 75 45 51 36 93| thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comKeita Browne | +1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | + 33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comYun Li | + 33 6 84 00 90 72 | yun.li3@sanofi.comForward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['Q1 2025 Aide mémoire', 'Press Release', 'Availability', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Q1 2025 Aide mémoire', 'Léo Le Bourhis', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'external growth opportunities', 'cost containment initiatives', 'various non-comparable items', 'SNY Media Relations', 'prevailing interest rates', 'future clinical data', 'other business partners', 'foreign currency impact', 'Thibaud Châtelet', 'future financial results', 'first quarter 2025 results', 'Thomas Kudsk Larsen', 'future litigation', 'global crises', 'global economy', 'quarterly results', 'Investor Relations', 'actual results', 'exchange rates', 'future performance', 'future approval', 'financial modelling', 'other things', 'other matters', 'financial condition', 'exclusivity losses', 'share count', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'underlying assumptions', 'similar expressions', 'forward-looking information', 'post marketing', 'regulatory authorities', 'biological application', 'product candidates', 'commercial success', 'therapeutic alternatives', 'related transactions', 'regulatory clearances', 'intellectual property', 'ultimate outcome', 'volatile economic', 'market conditions', 'subsequent changes', 'public filings', 'Risk Factors', 'Cautionary Statement', 'annual report', 'applicable law', 'various risks', 'Investors"" page', 'Evan Berland', 'Alizé Kaisserian', 'Yun Li', 'product development', 'commercial potential', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Nicolas Obrist', 'Victor Rouault', 'Timothy Gilbert', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Keita Browne', 'Nathalie Pham', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Availability', 'Paris', 'France', 'March', 'Sanofi', 'website', 'document', 'Group', 'reminder', 'April', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'medicine', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'leo', 'lebourhis', 'alize', 'chatelet', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'respect', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'words', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'believes', 'management', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'developments', 'research', 'analysis', 'decisions', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'drug', 'device', 'labelling', 'pending', 'trends', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'vendors', 'employees', 'AMF', 'year', 'obligation', 'Attachment']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49600,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3047566/0/en/Ontex-Group-NV-announces-the-launch-of-a-cash-tender-offer-for-up-to-400-000-000-aggregate-principal-amount-of-its-outstanding-580-000-000-3-500-senior-notes-due-2026.html,Ontex Group NV announces the launch of a cash tender offer for up to €400 000 000 aggregate principal amount of its outstanding €580 000 000 3.500% senior notes due 2026,Regulated information   Not for release  publication or distribution in or into  or to any person located or resident in or at any address in  the...,"Regulated informationNot for release  publication or distribution in or into  or to any person located or resident in or at any address in  the United States of America or to any person located or resident in any other jurisdiction where it is unlawful to distribute this press release  the Launch Announcement or the Tender Offer Memorandum (each as defined below) or to any persons to whom it is otherwise unlawful to send the Tender Offer Memorandum.This press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014  as amended.Aalst  Belgium  March 24  2025 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext Brussels: ONTEX) (""Ontex"" or the ""Offeror"") announces today an invitation to holders of its outstanding €580 000 000 3.500% senior notes due 2026 (ISIN: BE6329443962/Common Code: 236126102) (the ""Notes"") to tender up to €400 000 000 aggregate principal amount of such Notes for purchase by Ontex for cash (such invitation  the ""Offer""). Holders of the Notes can find more information in the launch announcement which is available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange through the following link https://www.luxse.com/security/BE6329443962/339516 (the ""Launch Announcement"").The Offer is being made on the terms and subject to satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions (including  but not limited to  the New Financing Condition and the General Conditions (each as defined in the Launch Announcement)) described in the tender offer memorandum dated March 24  2025 (the ""Tender Offer Memorandum"") prepared by the Offeror in connection with the Offer  and is subject to the offer restrictions set out below  as more fully described in the Tender Offer Memorandum. For detailed terms of the Offer  please refer to the Tender Offer Memorandum.Concurrently with the Offer  Ontex also intends to issue a series of new senior notes (the ""New Notes"")  subject to market conditions.Important informationCapitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this press release shall have the meanings given to them in the Launch Announcement referred to above. This press release must be read in conjunction with the Launch Announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum. This press release and the Tender Offer Memorandum contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. If any holder of Notes (each  a ""Noteholder"") is in any doubt as to the contents of this press release and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum or the action it should take  it is recommended to immediately seek its own financial advice  including tax advice relating to the consequences resulting from the Offer  from its broker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial or legal advisor. Any individual or company whose Notes are held on its behalf by a broker  dealer  bank  custodian  trust company or other nominee or intermediary must contact such entity if it wishes to tender such Notes pursuant to the Offer. The Dealer Manager is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the arrangements described in this press release and the Tender Offer Memorandum and will not be responsible to any Noteholder for providing the protections which would be afforded to customers of the Dealer Manager or for advising any other person in connection with the Offer. None of the Offeror  the Dealer Manager or the Tender Agent or any director  officer  employee  agent or affiliate of any such person has made or will make any assessment of the merits and risks of the Offer or of the impact of the Offer on the interests of the Noteholders either as a class or as individuals  and none of them makes any recommendation as to whether Noteholders should tender Notes pursuant to the Offer. None of the Offeror  the Dealer Manager or the Tender Agent (or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates) is providing Noteholders with any legal  business  tax or other advice in this press release and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum. Noteholders should consult with their own advisers as needed to assist them in making an investment decision and to advise them whether they are legally permitted to tender Notes for cash.Offer and Distribution RestrictionsThis press release  the Launch Announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum do not constitute an invitation to participate in the Offer in any jurisdiction in which  or to any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such invitation or for there to be such participation under applicable securities laws. The distribution of this press release  the Launch Announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this press release  the Launch Announcement or the Tender Offer Memorandum comes are required by each of the Offeror  the Dealer Manager and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.None of this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum or the electronic transmission thereof constitutes an offer to buy or a solicitation of an offer to sell Notes (and tenders of Notes for purchase pursuant to the Offer will not be accepted from Noteholders) in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Manager or any of its affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Offer shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Manager or such affiliate  as the case may be  on behalf of the Offeror in such jurisdiction.European Economic Area (EEA): In any European Economic Area (EEA) Member State (the “Relevant State”)  the Offer is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Relevant State within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”).Each person in a Relevant State who receives any communication in respect of the Offer contemplated in the Tender Offer Memorandum will be deemed to have represented  warranted and agreed to with the Dealer Manager and the Offeror that it is a qualified investor within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.United States: The Offer is not being made and will not be made  directly or indirectly  in or into  or by use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facilities of a national securities exchange of  the United States. This includes  but is not limited to  facsimile transmission  electronic mail  telex  telephone  the internet and other forms of electronic communication. Accordingly  copies of the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly  mailed or otherwise transmitted  distributed or forwarded (including  without limitation  by custodians  nominees or trustees) in or into the United States or to a U.S. Person and the Notes cannot be tendered in the Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility or from or within or by persons located or resident in the United States. Any purported tender of Notes in the Offer resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid and any purported tender of Notes made by a person located in the United States  or by any agent  fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States will be invalid and will not be accepted.The Tender Offer Memorandum is not an offer of securities for sale in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under  or an exemption from the registration requirements of  the Securities Act.Each holder of Notes participating in the Offer will represent that it is not a person located in the United States and is not participating in the Offer from the United States  or it is acting on a non- discretionary basis for a principal located outside the United States that is not giving an order to participate in the Offer from the United States. For the purposes of this and the above paragraph  ""United States"" means the United States of America  its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico  the U.S. Virgin Islands  Guam  American Samoa  Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands)  any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia.United Kingdom: The communication of this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer is not being made and such documents and/or materials have not been approved by an authorised person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly  this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents and/or materials relating to the Offer are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to  and may only be acted upon by  those persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Financial Promotion Order"")) or persons who are within Article 43 of the Financial Promotion Order or any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order. Any person in the United Kingdom who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this press release  the Launch Announcement or the Tender Offer Memorandum.Italy: None of the Offer  this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedures of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (""CONSOB"").The Offer is being carried out in the Republic of Italy as an exempted offer pursuant to article 101-bis  paragraph 3-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the ""Financial Services Act"") and article 35-bis  paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999.Noteholders  or beneficial owners of the Notes  can tender some or all of their Notes pursuant to the Offer through authorised persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act  CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended from time to time  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993  as amended) and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or with requirements imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority.Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the Notes or the Offer.France: The Offer is not being made  directly or indirectly  to the public in the Republic of France (""France"") other than to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier. This press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other document or material relating to the Offer have only been and shall only be distributed in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and only qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) are eligible to participate in the Offer. None of this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other document or material relating to the Offer have been and will be submitted for clearance to  nor approved by  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Belgium: The Offer is not being made  and will not be made or advertised  directly or indirectly  to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law dated 28 February 2013  as amended (a ""Belgian Consumer"") and this press release  the Launch Announcement  Tender Offer Memorandum or any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have not been and shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Belgium to Belgian Consumers.Luxembourg: The Offer is only addressed to and is only directed at existing Noteholders qualifying as qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.Neither the Tender Offer Memorandum nor any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have been or shall be distributed in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg other than to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and only qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation are eligible to participate in the Offer. The Tender Offer Memorandum and any other document or material relating to the Offer have not been and will not be submitted for clearance to  nor approved by  the Luxembourg Financial Services Authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier) for purposes of public offering in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg..EnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Catherine Weyne +32 53 33 36 22 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of baby  feminine and adult care products  both for retailers and the healthcare sector. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through retailers and healthcare providers. Employing some 7 000 people  Ontex has a presence in 14 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussel and is a constituent of the Bel Mid® index. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.18,0.5,True,English,"['Ontex Group NV', 'cash tender offer', '0,000,000 aggregate principal amount', 'outstanding €580,000,000 3.500% senior notes', 'launch', '400,000,000 aggregate principal amount', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'applicable securities laws', 'New Financing Condition', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'legal, business, tax', 'Tender Offer Memorandum', 'other independent financial', 'Ontex Group NV', 'The Dealer Manager', 'new senior notes', 'Tender Agent', 'financial advice', 'tax advice', 'legal advisor', 'other nominee', 'other advice', 'market conditions', 'New Notes', 'United States', 'Launch Announcement', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Common Code', 'following link', 'respective directors', 'press release', '0,000 3.500% senior notes', 'other jurisdiction', 'Regulated information', 'inside information', 'General Conditions', 'offer restrictions', 'detailed terms', 'Important information', 'Capitalised terms', 'bank manager', 'trust company', 'investment decision', 'other person', 'Distribution Restrictions', 'publication', 'address', 'America', 'persons', 'disclosure', 'meaning', 'article', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'March', 'Offeror', 'invitation', 'holders', 'outstanding €58', 'ISIN', 'purchase', 'cash', 'website', 'luxse', 'BE6329443962', 'satisfaction', 'waiver', 'connection', 'series', 'conjunction', 'Noteholder', 'doubt', 'contents', 'consequences', 'broker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'individual', 'behalf', 'custodian', 'intermediary', 'entity', 'arrangements', 'protections', 'customers', 'None', 'officer', 'employee', 'affiliate', 'assessment', 'merits', 'risks', 'impact', 'interests', 'class', 'recommendation', 'agents', 'advisers', 'participation', 'jurisdictions', 'possession']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49601,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3047578/0/en/21Shares-expands-European-footprint-with-new-listings-on-Nasdaq-Stockholm.html,21Shares expands European footprint with new listings on Nasdaq Stockholm,Zurich  March 24  2025 – 21Shares AG (“21Shares”)  one of the world’s largest issuers of crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs)  today announced the listing of three of its leading ETPs on Nasdaq Stockholm  further expanding the firm’s European footprint. The…,Zurich  March 24  2025 – 21Shares AG (“21Shares”)  one of the world’s largest issuers of crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs)  today announced the listing of three of its leading ETPs on Nasdaq Stockholm  further expanding the firm’s European footprint. The newly listed products include the 21Shares Bitcoin Core ETP (CBTC)  the 21Shares Solana Staking ETP (ASOL)  and the 21Shares XRP ETP (AXRP).With over $7.5 billion in assets under management and listings on 11 major exchanges  including Nasdaq  Euronext Amsterdam  and SIX Swiss Exchange  21Shares continues to bridge the gap between traditional finance and digital asset markets.The Nordic market has seen significant growth in crypto investment demand  and as a market leader in Europe  21Shares is strengthening its presence by offering CBTC – one of Europe’s most cost-effective Bitcoin ETPs – alongside the largest Solana staking ETP in the region  and XRP. These listings underscore 21Shares’ commitment to providing European investors with transparent and regulated access to cryptocurrencies.21Shares Bitcoin Core ETP (CBTC) offers 100% physically-backed exposure to Bitcoin (BTC)  the largest cryptocurrency by market cap  and features one of the lowest management fees available at just 0.21%.offers 100% physically-backed exposure to Bitcoin (BTC)  the largest cryptocurrency by market cap  and features one of the lowest management fees available at just 0.21%. 21Shares Solana Staking ETP (ASOL) provides physically-backed exposure to Solana  capturing staking yields for enhanced returns while tapping into blockchain innovations across gaming  finance  and identity protection.provides physically-backed exposure to Solana  capturing staking yields for enhanced returns while tapping into blockchain innovations across gaming  finance  and identity protection. 21Shares XRP ETP (AXRP) is fully backed by XRP  offering investors transparent and regulated exposure to XRP’s critical role in cross-border payments.“As institutional adoption of cryptoasset ETPs accelerates and regulatory clarity strengthens across Europe  we remain committed to expanding our product offerings to meet growing investor demand ” said Mandy Chiu  Head of Financial Product Development at 21Shares. “This year represents a breakthrough moment for crypto in Europe  with increasing confidence driven by the MiCA regulatory framework and a significant rise in institutional participation. Our presence on Nasdaq Stockholm reflects our ambition to simplify crypto investing for European investors.”“The demand for ETPs is growing  and we are happy to see 21Shares expanding their offering ” added Helena Wedin  Head of ETF and ETP  European Markets at Nasdaq. “As the market for crypto ETPs continues to expand  we are pleased to provide investors with more locally listed  cost-efficient  and innovative products.”Notes to editorsAbout 21Shares21Shares is one of the world’s first and largest issuers of crypto exchange traded products. We were founded to make cryptocurrency more accessible to investors  and to bridge the gap between traditional finance and decentralized finance. In 2018  21Shares listed the world’s first physically-backed crypto ETP  and we have a six-year track-record of creating crypto exchange-traded funds that are listed on some of the biggest  most-liquid securities exchanges globally. In addition to our six-year track record  21Shares offers investors best-in-class research and unparalleled client service.21Shares is a member of 21.co  a global leader in decentralized finance. For more information  please visit www.21Shares.com.Media ContactMatteo Vallimatteo.valli@21shares.comDISCLAIMERThis document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of 21Shares AG in any jurisdiction. Neither this document nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any offer or commitment whatsoever or for any other purpose in any jurisdiction. Nothing in this document should be considered investment advice.This document and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into (directly or indirectly) the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan or any other jurisdiction in which the distribution or release would be unlawful.This document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in or into the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. The securities of 21Shares AG to which these materials relate have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will not be a public offering of securities in the United States. Neither the US Securities and Exchange Commission nor any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States has approved or disapproved of an investment in the securities or passed on the accuracy or adequacy of the contents of this presentation. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.Within the United Kingdom  this document is only being distributed to and is only directed at: (i) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”); or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”); or (iii) persons who fall within Article 43(2) of the Order  including existing members and creditors of the Company or (iv) any other persons to whom this document can be lawfully distributed in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply. The securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.Exclusively for potential investors in any EEA Member State that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) is made available on the Issuer’s website under www.21Shares.com.The approval of the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) should not be understood as an endorsement by the SFSA of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. Eligible potential investors should read the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) and the relevant Final Terms before making an investment decision in order to understand the potential risks associated with the decision to invest in the securities. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand.This document constitutes advertisement within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and not a prospectus. The 2024 Base Prospectus of 21Shares AG has been deposited pursuant to article 54(2) FinSA with BX Swiss AG in its function as Swiss prospectus review body within the meaning of article 52 FinSA. The 2024 Base Prospectus and the key information document for any products may be obtained at 21Shares AG's website (https://21shares.com/ir/prospectus or https://21shares.com/ir/kids).###Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.12,0.42,True,English,"['European footprint', 'new listings', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', '21Shares', 'biggest, most-liquid securities exchanges', 'crypto exchange traded products', '21Shares Bitcoin Core ETP', '21Shares Solana Staking ETP', 'United States Securities Act', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'unparalleled client service', 'MiCA regulatory framework', 'crypto exchange-traded funds', 'digital asset markets', 'Financial Product Development', 'six-year track record', 'largest Solana staking', 'lowest management fees', 'growing investor demand', 'crypto exchange-traded products', 'backed crypto ETP', 'The Nordic market', 'Matteo Valli matteo', 'securities regulatory authority', 'crypto investment demand', 'cost-effective Bitcoin ETPs', '21Shares XRP ETP', '11 major exchanges', 'Exchange Commission', 'regulatory clarity', 'crypto investing', 'backed exposure', 'product offerings', 'European Markets', 'innovative products', 'six-year track-record', 'investment advice', 'crypto ETPs', 'largest issuers', 'US Securities', 'European footprint', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'significant growth', 'market leader', 'regulated access', 'market cap', 'enhanced returns', 'blockchain innovations', 'identity protection', 'regulated exposure', 'critical role', 'cross-border payments', 'institutional adoption', 'Mandy Chiu', 'breakthrough moment', 'increasing confidence', 'significant rise', 'institutional participation', 'Helena Wedin', 'class research', 'global leader', 'Media Contact', 'other purpose', 'applicable exemption', '21Shares AG', 'largest cryptocurrency', 'leading ETPs', 'cryptoasset ETPs', 'traditional finance', 'decentralized finance', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'other jurisdiction', 'registration requirements', 'public offering', '21Shares’ commitment', 'European investors', 'Zurich', 'world', 'listing', 'firm', 'CBTC', 'ASOL', 'AXRP', 'assets', 'gap', 'presence', 'region', 'transparent', 'cryptocurrencies', 'yields', 'gaming', 'Head', 'ambition', 'ETF', 'Notes', 'editors', 'first', 'addition', 'member', '21.co', 'information', 'DISCLAIMER', 'document', 'solicitation', 'basis', 'connection', 'distribution', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'release', 'sale', 'materials', 'transaction']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49602,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3047536/0/en/DBV-Technologies-Secures-Agreement-with-FDA-on-Safety-Exposure-Data-Required-for-BLA-for-Viaskin-Peanut-Patch-in-4-7-year-olds-Accelerating-the-Timeline-for-a-BLA-Filing-Submission.html,DBV Technologies Secures Agreement with FDA on Safety Exposure Data Required for BLA for Viaskin® Peanut Patch in 4–7-year-olds  Accelerating the Timeline for a BLA Filing Submission to 1H 2026  & Reports 2024 Unaudited Financial Results...,Châtillon  France  March 24  2025  DBV Technologies Secures Agreement with FDA on Safety Exposure Data Required for Biologics License Application...,"Châtillon  France  March 24  2025DBV Technologies Secures Agreement with FDA on Safety Exposure Data Required for Biologics License Application (BLA) for Viaskin® Peanut Patch in 4 – 7-year-olds  Accelerating the Timeline for a BLA Filing Submission to 1H 2026  and Reports 2024 Unaudited Financial Results1COMFORT Children supplemental safety study in children 4 – 7-years-old no longer requiredFDA confirms safety exposure data generated from VITESSE Phase 3 clinical study and VITESSE Open-Label Extension (OLE) are sufficient to support a Biologics License Application (BLA) for Viaskin peanut patch in children 4 – 7-years-oldVITESSE topline results on-track for the fourth quarter of 2025BLA submission for Viaskin peanut patch in children 4 – 7-years-old is now expected in the first half of 2026; DBV anticipates this path may accelerate potential launch  if approved by the FDA  by approximately one yearDBV also reports unaudited financial results1 for the full year 2024  including cash and cash equivalentsDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT  the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced that in a Written Responses Only to the Company’s Type D IND meeting request  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) agreed with the Company’s proposal that the safety exposure data from the VITESSE Phase 3 study for Viaskin peanut patch in 4 – 7-year-olds will be sufficient to support a Biologics License Application (BLA) filing in this age group. As a result  the COMFORT Children supplemental safety study will no longer be required  which accelerates the timeline for a BLA submission of Viaskin® peanut patch in 4 – 7-year-olds with a peanut allergy. The Company also reported unaudited financial results1 for the full year 2024  including cash and cash equivalents.FDA UpdateBased on the Written Responses Only received  DBV will no longer conduct the COMFORT Children 6-month supplemental safety study. The Company will utilize the safety data from the VITESSE participants randomized to active treatment as well as placebo-crossover participants in the VITESSE Open Label Extension (OLE)  expediting the BLA submission for the Viaskin peanut patch from the previously anticipated timeline. Accordingly  the Company plans to submit a BLA in the first half of 2026 and anticipates potentially accelerating the product launch by approximately one year  subject to FDA approval.“DBV’s alignment with FDA represents a tremendous achievement for food allergy families  clinicians  researchers  and countless external partners that have been working for many years to advance the Viaskin peanut patch in children living with peanut allergy ” said Daniel Tassé  Chief Executive Officer  DBV Technologies. “I thank the FDA and the Review Team for their collaboration and constructive approach during the Type D meeting process  which enabled us to gain clarity expeditiously. DBV is commencing preparations for a BLA submission in the first half of 2026 to be supported by the Phase 3 VITESSE study  which is on-track for readout of topline results in the fourth quarter of 2025. We believe that the Viaskin peanut patch has the potential to change the lives of millions of children living with peanut allergy. This mission drives DBV every day. We will continue to work hard to bring this innovative treatment option to market.”FDA has agreed with DBV’s proposal to support potential licensure of the Viaskin peanut patch in children 4 – 7-years-old with the efficacy  safety and patch wear time data generated from VITESSE  which enrolled 654 participants  making it the largest Phase 3 clinical trial for peanut allergy ever conducted in this age group. This will include safety data from study participants on active treatment for 12-months and the additional crossover study participants on active treatment in the VITESSE OLE. At the time of BLA submission  the safety database will be comprised of more than 500 study participants on Viaskin peanut patch active treatment.“I am extremely pleased to see that FDA agrees that the VITESSE safety exposure data being generated is sufficiently robust to support a BLA in this age group ” said Dr. David Fleischer  FAAAAI  FACAAI  Global Principal Investigator  VITESSE  Professor of Pediatrics at Children’s Hospital Colorado. “This is the largest  most rigorous study ever conducted in peanut allergic children between 4 and 7 years of age. The insights that we will gain from this work are invaluable to the disease space as a whole. Clinicians want to see additional FDA approved treatment options in food allergy so that we may conduct thoughtful conversations with our patients about which option is best for them and their lifestyle. I look forward to the day when the Viaskin peanut patch may be part of those conversations.”As previously communicated  DBV also plans to pursue an Accelerated Approval pathway for the Viaskin peanut patch in toddlers 1 – 3-years-old with a peanut allergy. The COMFORT Toddlers 6-month supplemental safety study is on-track to initiate in the second quarter of 2025 and will recruit approximately 480 study participants. The BLA submission for the 1 – 3-year-old indication is expected in the second half of 2026  subject to the successful completion of the COMFORT Toddlers study.“On behalf of our 6 500 members in the United States and globally  we are pleased to support potential new innovations in food allergy  including the Viaskin peanut patch  that could add to the toolbox allergist-immunologists consider when treating patients ” said Dr. James Tracy  DO  FACAAI  President  American College of Allergy  Asthma  and Immunology (ACAAI). “The ACAAI advocates for the best treatment outcomes for our patients under the care of their clinician. We are encouraged by the robust dataset being generated by the VITESSE Phase 3 study  in which many of our members are currently serving as investigators. We continue to support DBV’s development of the Viaskin peanut program in this 4 – 7-year-old age group. Our community encourages as many treatment options as possible to reach those who are eagerly awaiting.”Unaudited Financial Results1 for Full Year 2024These unaudited financial results1 have been examined by the Board of Directors of the Company on March 23  2025  and the audited final financial statements are expected to be approved by the Board of Directors on March 28  2025.The audit procedures by the statutory auditors of the Company on the 2024 consolidated full year financial statements are in progress.Financial results are presented under both U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“US GAAP”) and the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union. Financial statement comments refer to U.S. GAAP financial statements. Differences between US GAAP and IFRS as adopted by the European Union consolidated financial statements result mainly from the discrepancies arising from the application of lease accounting standards.In order to finance its activities  the Company needs to raise additional funds and is actively reviewing potential financing and strategic options with its financial advisors.Cash and Cash EquivalentsCash and cash equivalents amounted to $32.5 million as of December 31  2024  compared to $141.4 million as of December 31  2023  a net cash consumption of $108.9 million  mainly driven by external clinical trial-related expenses  in particular those related to subject enrollment in the Company’s ongoing VITESSE Phase 3 clinical trial  with topline results expected by the fourth quarter of 2025 as previously communicated  as well as regulatory and manufacturing activities to support ongoing clinical trials.The Company has incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of the date of this press release  the Company’s available cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to support its operating plan for the next 12 months. Based on its current operations  plans and assumptions  the Company expects that its cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund its operations only into April 2025.As such  there is substantial doubt regarding its ability to continue as a going concern.The Company intends to seek additional capital as it continues research and development efforts and prepares for the filing of the BLA and launch of Viaskin® Peanut patch  if approved.The Company cannot guarantee that it will successfully obtain the necessary financing to meet its needs or to obtain funds at attractive terms and conditions. If the Company is not successful in its financing objectives  the Company could have to scale back its operations  notably by delaying or reducing the scope of its research and development efforts or obtain financing through arrangements with collaborators or others that may require the Company to relinquish rights to its product candidates that the Company might otherwise seek to develop or commercialize independently or discontinue all or part of its operations.In millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP IFRS Year endedDecember 31  Year endedDecember 31  2024 2023 2024 2023 Net cash & cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 141.4 209.2 141.4 209.2 Net cash flow used in operating activities (104.5) (79.7) (102.7) (77.6) Net cash flow provided by / (used in) investing activities (0.8) (0.8) (0.6) (0.8) Net cash flow provided by / (used in) financing activities 0.6 6.8 (0.7) 4.8 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash & cash equivalents (4.3) 5.9 (5.3) 5.9 Net cash & cash equivalents at the end of the period 32.5 141.1 32.1 141.4Operating IncomeOperating income amounted to $4.2 million for the year ended December 31  2024  compared with $15.7 million for the same period in 2023. This decrease by $11.5 million is composed of (1) $7.0 million following the mutual termination of the Development  Collaboration  and License Agreement with with Societé des Produits Nestlé S.A (formerly NESTEC S.A.) (“NESTEC”)  and (2) a lower Research Tax Credit (“CIR”). This decrease is due to a corrective CIR filed in 2023 by the Company for $2.9 million for fiscal years 2020  2021 and 2022 and a greater proportion of study activities carried out in North America in 2024 as compared to 2023  which are not eligible to the CIR.In millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP IFRS Year endedDecember 31  Year endedDecember 31  2024 2023 2024 2023 Research tax credits 4.1 8.8 4.1 8.8 Other operating income 0.0 7.0 0.0 7.0 Operating income 4.2 15.7 4.2 15.7Operating ExpensesOperating expenses amounted to $120.7 million for the year ended December 31  2024  compared with $92.2 million for the year ended December 31  2023  an increase of $28.5 million. This increase is primarily driven by research & development costs of $29.1 million resulting from (1) subject enrollment in the Company’s ongoing VITESSE Phase 3 clinical trial  (2) preparatory activities for the Company’s COMFORT supplemental safety studies in anticipation of initiation after FDA alignment  and (3) regulatory and manufacturing activities to support ongoing clinical trials.General and administrative expenses decreased by $0.8 million during the year ended December 31  2024  compared to the year ended December 31  2023  primarily due to the positive impact of office moves in France and the U.S.In millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP IFRS Year endedDecember 31  Year endedDecember 31  2024 2023 2024 2023 Research & Development (89.3) (60.2) (89.2) (60.1) Sales & Marketing (2.7) (2.4) (2.7) (2.4) General & Administrative (28.7) (29.5) (28.8) (29.5) Operating expenses (120.7) (92.2) (120.6) (92.0)Net Loss Per ShareThe Company recorded a net loss of $113.9 million for the year ended December 31  2024  compared to a net loss of $72.7 million for the year ended December 31  2023.On a per share basis  net loss (based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding over the period) was $(1.17) for the year ended December 31  2024.(unaudited)U.S. GAAP IFRS Year endedDecember 31  Year endedDecember 31  2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income / (loss) (in millions of USD) (113.9) (72.7) (114.1) (72.7) Basic / diluted net income / (loss) per share (USD/share) (1.17) (0.76) (1.18) (0.76)CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (unaudited)In millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP IFRS Year endedDecember 31  Year endedDecember 31  2024 2023 2024 2023 Assets 65.7 183.0 65.5 183.0 of which cash & cash equivalents 32.5 141.4 32.5 141.4 Liabilities 38.3 42.8 38.2 42.7 Shareholders’ equity 27.4 140.2 27.4 140.3CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited)In millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP IFRS Year endedDecember 31  Year endedDecember 31  2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating income 4.2 15.7 4.2 15.7 Research & Development (89.3) (60.2) (89.2) (60.1) Sales & Marketing (2.7) (2.4) (2.7) (2.4) General & Administrative (28.7) (29.5) (28.8) (29.5) Operating expenses (120.7) (92.2) (120.6) (92.0) Financial income/(expenses) 2.7 3.7 2.4 3.6 Income tax (0.1) (0.0) (0.1) (0.0) Net loss (113.9) (72.7) (114.1) (72.7) Basic/diluted net loss per share attributable to shareholders (1.17) (0.76) (1.18) (0.76)CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited)In millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP IFRS Year endedDecember 31  Year endedDecember 31  2024 2023 2024 2023 Net cash flows provided / (used) in operating activities (104.5) (79.7) (102.7) (77.6) Net cash flows provided / (used) in investing activities (0.8) (0.8) (0.6) (0.8) Net cash flows provided / (used) in financing activities 0.6 6.8 (0.7) 4.8 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash & cash equivalents (U.S. GAAP presentation) (4.3) 5.9 (5.3) 5.9 Net increase / (decrease) in cash & cash equivalents (108.9) (67.8) (109.3) (67.8) Net cash & cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 141.4 209.2 141.4 209.2 Net cash & cash equivalents at the end of the period 32.5 141.4 32.1 141.4DisclaimerThe unaudited financial results as of and for the year ended December 31  2024 included inthis press release have been examined by the Board of Directors of the Company on March 23  2025 and remain subject to any adjustments  and other developments arising between now and the time such financial results are finalized. The Company’s independent auditors have not yet audited nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance on these unaudited financial results  in particular DBV has not yet obtained assurance from its auditors that the financial statements will be certified without qualification. The audit procedures by the statutory auditors of the Company are in progress.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need. DBV is currently focused on investigating the use of its proprietary VIASKIN® patch technology to address food allergies  which are caused by a hypersensitive immune reaction and characterized by a range of symptoms varying in severity from mild to life-threatening anaphylaxis. Millions of people live with food allergies  including young children. Through epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT™)  the VIASKIN® patch is designed to introduce microgram amounts of a biologically active compound to the immune system through intact skin. EPIT is a new class of non-invasive treatment that seeks to modify an individual’s underlying allergy by re-educating the immune system to become desensitized to allergen by leveraging the skin’s immune tolerizing properties. DBV is committed to transforming the care of food allergic people. The Company’s food allergy programs include ongoing clinical trials of VIASKIN Peanut in peanut allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years of age) and children (4 through 7 years of age).DBV Technologies is headquartered in Châtillon  France  with North American operations in Warren  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing five ordinary shares) are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market (Ticker: DBVT; CUSIP: 23306J309).For more information  please visit www.dbv-technologies.com and engage with us on X (formerly Twitter) and LinkedIn.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding the Company’s financial condition  forecast of its cash runway  financing plans  the therapeutic potential of VIASKIN® Peanut patch and EPIT™  designs of DBV’s anticipated clinical trials  DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  plans and expectations regarding initiation of the confirmatory study  plans and expectations with respect to the submission of BLAs to FDA  anticipated support for the BLA submission  and the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  the Company’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include DBV’s ability to obtain necessary financing  uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  and the Company’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. The review of potential financial and strategic options may not result in any particular action or transaction being pursued  entered into or consummated  and there is no assurance as to the timing  sequence or outcome of any action or transaction or series of actions or transactions. If the Company is unable to continue as a going concern  it may have to liquidate its assets and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried on its financial statements  and it is likely that investors will lose all or part of their investment. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  the Company’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by the Company. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this press release.Viaskin is a registered trademark and EPIT is a trademark of DBV Technologies.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologieskatie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologiesangela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.com1 The financial information published in this press release shall be considered as ""données financières estimées"" or ""estimated financial data""  according to AMF Position-Recommendation DOC-2016-05.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.24,0.39,True,English,"['Safety Exposure Data', 'Viaskin® Peanut Patch', '2024 Unaudited Financial Results', 'BLA Filing Submission', 'DBV Technologies', 'Agreement', 'FDA', '4–7-year-olds', 'Timeline', '1H', 'The COMFORT Toddlers 6-month supplemental safety study', 'COMFORT Children 6-month supplemental safety study', 'Type D IND meeting request', 'COMFORT Children supplemental safety study', 'additional FDA approved treatment options', 'Type D meeting process', 'largest, most rigorous study', 'Viaskin peanut patch active treatment', 'additional crossover study participants', 'VITESSE Open Label Extension', 'VITESSE Phase 3 clinical study', 'patch wear time data', 'VITESSE safety exposure data', 'VITESSE Phase 3 study', 'Phase 3 VITESSE study', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Viaskin® Peanut Patch', 'VITESSE Open-Label Extension', 'Biologics License Application', '2024 Unaudited Financial Results1', 'countless external partners', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dr. David Fleischer', 'Global Principal Investigator', 'U.S. Food', 'Accelerated Approval pathway', 'peanut allergic children', 'innovative treatment option', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'food allergy families', 'VITESSE topline results', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'safety data', 'BLA Filing Submission', '500 study participants', 'The Company', 'peanut allergy', 'VITESSE participants', 'BLA) filing', 'placebo-crossover participants', 'VITESSE OLE', 'FDA approval', 'Châtillon', 'fourth quarter', 'first half', 'one year', 'full year', 'Written Responses', 'Drug Administration', 'product launch', 'tremendous achievement', 'Daniel Tassé', 'Review Team', 'constructive approach', 'disease space', 'BLA submission', 'age group', 'potential launch', 'potential licensure', 'FDA Update', 'cash equivalents', 'thoughtful conversations', 'many years', 'DBV Technologies', '654 participants', '7 years', 'France', 'March', 'Agreement', '4 – 7-year-olds', 'Timeline', '1H', '4 – 7-years', 'track', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'proposal', 'alignment', 'clinicians', 'researchers', 'collaboration', 'clarity', 'preparations', 'readout', 'lives', 'millions', 'efficacy', '12-months', 'FAAAAI', 'FACAAI', 'Professor', 'Pediatrics', 'Hospital', 'Colorado', 'insights', 'work', 'patients', 'lifestyle', 'day']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49603,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/24/3047556/0/en/Abivax-Announces-Full-Year-2024-Financial-Results.html,Abivax Announces Full Year 2024 Financial Results,Abivax Announces Full Year 2024 Financial Results   •        Cash balance of EUR 144.2M as of December 31  2024; cash runway into Q4 2025  Full...,Abivax Announces Full Year 2024 Financial Results• Cash balance of EUR 144.2M as of December 31  2024; cash runway into Q4 2025Full enrollment in Phase 3 ABTECT trial evaluating obefazimod for moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (“UC”) expected in Q2 2025 with top-line results from the 8-week induction trials expected in Q3 2025PARIS  France – March 24  2025 – 8:30 AM CET – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX / Nasdaq: ABVX) (“Abivax” or the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing innovative therapies for chronic inflammatory diseases  announced today its full-year financial results  as of December 31  2024. The 2024 financial statements  approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on March 20  2025  have been audited by the Company’s statutory auditors  and the financial reports will be filed with the French and U.S. securities regulatory authorities  respectively  on March 24  2025.Marc de Garidel  CEO of Abivax  commented: “2025 is set to be a transformational year for Abivax  marking a pivotal moment in our journey. We are very pleased with our achievements in 2024  demonstrating both strong financial discipline and significant clinical progress. Our cash position secures a projected financial runway into Q4 2025  supporting the full enrollment of ABTECT in Q2 2025 and the anticipated top-line results from the 8-week induction trials in Q3 2025  a major inflection point for Abivax.”Financial HighlightsCash Position : The Company had a cash balance of EUR 144.2M as of December 31  2024  providing a projected cash runway into Q4 2025 .Operational Expenditures : R&D expenses increased year-over-year  reflecting continued investments in the Phase 3 ABTECT clinical program and manufacturing scale-up.Financial Outlook : The Company remains focused on disciplined financial management while advancing its clinical development pipeline and preparing for potential commercialization.: The Company had a cash balance of as of December 31  2024  providing a projected cash runway into .Upcoming MilestonesCompletion of Phase 3 ABTECT induction trials enrollment – Q2 2025– Q2 2025 Top-line results from induction trials – Q3 2025– Q3 2025 Completion of 44-week maintenance trial – Q2 2026– Q2 2026 Top-line results from maintenance study – Q2 20262024 financial highlights (IFRS figures)Income Statement FY 2024 FY 2023 Change in millions of euros Total operating income 12.5 4.6 7.9 Total operating expenses of which Research and Development costs (146.5) (103.2) (43.3) of which Sales and Marketing costs (6.0) (6.4) 0.4 of which General and Administrative costs (32.9) (22.4) (10.5) Operating loss (172.9) (127.4) (45.5) Financial loss (3.3) (20.4) 17.1 Net loss for the period (176.2) (147.8) (28.4)Balance Sheet FY2024 FY2023 Change in millions of euros Net financial position 53.4 203.2 (149.7) of which other financial assets and other receivables and assets* 23.2 28.3 (5.1) of which fixed-term deposits (maturing in > 1 year) 0.0 0.0 0.0 of which fixed-term deposits (maturing in < 1 year) 0.0 9.0 (9.0) of which available cash and cash equivalents 144.2 251.9 (107.7) (of which financial liabilities)** (114.0) (77.0) (37) Total Assets 205.2 327.1 (121.9) Total Shareholders’ Equity 40.6 196.0 (155.4) * Excluding items of the liquidity contract (liquidity and own shares) and prepaid expenses** Financial liabilities include borrowings  convertible loan notes  derivative instruments  royalty certificates and other financial liabilitiesOperating income increased by EUR 7.9M to EUR 12.5M in 2024 compared to EUR 4.6M from 2023. The increase was primarily driven by the following:EUR 2.2M of additional Research Tax Credits  out of which EUR 1.0M related to the 2021 tax year and the remaining amount related to the 2024 tax year. The increase in the 2024 tax credits was due to the net reimbursements of conditional advances made to Bpifrance in relation to the RNP-VIR and CARENA projects  following the termination of both projects. Subsidies increased by a non-cash amount of EUR 4.1M  which was recognized following the termination of the RNP-VIR and CARENA conditional advances granted by Bpifrance. In connection with the termination  Bpifrance agreed to waive 60% of the remaining conditional advances and accrued interests.Research and development (R&D) expenses increased by EUR 43.3M to EUR -146.5M in 2024 compared to EUR -103.2M in 2023. This increase was predominantly driven by increase in expenses related to:Our UC clinical program  driven by the progression of Phase 3 clinical trials for obefazimod in UC; A EUR 4.6M increase in expenses related to our Crohn’s disease (CD) clinical program  driven by planning costs incurred for and progression of the Phase 2b CD trial; and A EUR 8.2M  or 76%  increase related to the overall expansion of the research and development headcount to support our organizational growth and the issuance of new equity awards to officers and employees in research and development.Sales and marketing (S&M) expenses remained relatively consistent between 2024 and 2023.General and administrative (G&A) expenses increased by EUR 10.5M to -32.9M compared to EUR -22.4M for 2023. This increase was primarily driven by the full year impact of the build out of our G&A organization (increased headcount and equity-based compensation costs) which started in late 2023 to support the expansion of the Company  as well as increased legal and professional fees and other costs associated with operating as a dual-listed public company.Total number of employees as of December 31  2024 was 69 compared to 61 as of December 31  2023.For the year ended December 31  2024  the Company’s EUR -3.3M net financial loss was driven primarily by the following items:Interest expenses of EUR -11.6M relating to borrowings and loans; Non-cash expense of EUR -0.8M in relation to the fair value of the Company’s royalty certificates; Non-cash expense of EUR -1.4M in relation to an increase in the fair value of the Heights convertible notes; Non-cash expense of EUR -1.5M in relation to an increase in the fair value of the Kreos / Claret share warrants (“BSA”); and Transaction costs amounting to EUR 1.6M in connection with the drawdowns of Tranches B and C of the Kreos/Claret financing; Partially offset by interest income of EUR 8.2M in relation to the invested proceeds from the Company’s U.S. initial public offering and listing on Nasdaq and concurrent global private offering  and foreign exchange gains of EUR 2.8M (EUR 1.7M non-cash impact of the revaluation of U.S. dollar-denominated cash and cash equivalents as of December 31  2024).Cash position as of December 31  2024  was EUR 144.2  compared to EUR 261.0 (including other financial assets of EUR 9.0M) as of December 31  2023. The decrease was driven by:EUR 154.1M being used in operating activities to advance the Phase 3 clinical trials of obefazimod in UC and the initiation of the Phase 2b trial for CD  and the full year impact of increased legal and professional fees and other infrastructure costs associated with operating as a dual-listed public company and changes in working capital; and Debt and interest repayments of EUR 20.9M; Partially offset by drawdowns on Tranches B and C of the Kreos/Claret Financing of EUR 50.0M.Based on the currently available funds and the expected reimbursement of the research tax credits (CIR) from 2024 in the second half of 2025 amounting to EUR 5.7M  Abivax expects to be able to finance its operating cash flow requirements into Q4 2025.About AbivaxAbivax is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body’s natural regulatory mechanisms to stabilize the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Based in France and the United States  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis.Contact:Patrick MalloySVP  Investor RelationsAbivax SApatrick.malloy@abivax.com+1 847 987 4878FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates  including those relating to the Company’s business and financial objectives. Words such as “design ” “expect ” “forward ” “future ” “potential ” “plan ” “project ” “will” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements concerning or implying the therapeutic potential of Abivax's drug candidates  Abivax’s expectations regarding the availability of data and timing of reporting results from its clinical trials  including its Phase 3 ABTECT-1 and ABTECT-2 induction trials and Phase 3 ABTECT maintenance trial  enrollment of patients in clinical trials  Abivax’s cash runway  and other statements that are not historical fact. Although Abivax’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its universal registration document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31  2024 to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the caption “Risk Factors.” These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug candidate  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the Company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are made only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) that is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for securities of the Company in any jurisdiction. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgment. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.31,0.46,True,English,"['Full Year 2024 Financial Results', 'Abivax', 'U.S. securities regulatory authorities', 'Balance Sheet FY2024 FY2023 Change', 'Phase 3 ABTECT induction trials enrollment', 'Phase 2b CD trial', 'Phase 3 ABTECT clinical program', 'additional Research Tax Credits', 'Phase 3 ABTECT trial', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'CD) clinical program', 'Full Year 2024 Financial Results', '8-week induction trials', 'significant clinical progress', 'active ulcerative colitis', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'Marc de Garidel', 'major inflection point', 'convertible loan notes', 'new equity awards', '44-week maintenance trial', 'Total Shareholders’ Equity', 'strong financial discipline', 'disciplined financial management', 'R&D expenses', 'R&D) expenses', 'UC clinical program', 'full-year financial results', 'clinical development pipeline', 'CARENA conditional advances', 'remaining conditional advances', 'Total operating income', 'other financial liabilities', 'Total operating expenses', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Net financial position', 'other financial assets', 'Full enrollment', 'EUR 4.6M increase', '2024 tax credits', 'Cash balance', 'Total Assets', 'other receivables', 'top-line results', '2024 financial statements', 'financial reports', 'financial runway', 'Financial Highlights', 'Financial Outlook', 'maintenance study', 'Operating loss', 'Financial loss', 'remaining amount', '2021 tax year', '2024 tax year', 'cash position', 'Income Statement', 'Net loss', 'net reimbursements', 'prepaid expenses', 'cash runway', '8:30 AM CET', 'innovative therapies', 'statutory auditors', 'pivotal moment', 'Operational Expenditures', 'continued investments', 'manufacturing scale-up', 'potential commercialization', 'Upcoming Milestones', 'IFRS figures', 'Marketing costs', 'Administrative costs', 'fixed-term deposits', 'available cash', 'cash equivalents', 'derivative instruments', 'royalty certificates', 'CARENA projects', 'cash amount', 'planning costs', 'overall expansion', 'organizational growth', 'transformational year', 'Development costs', 'development headcount', 'Euronext Paris', 'liquidity contract', 'Abivax SA', '1 year', 'December', 'Q4', 'obefazimod', 'moderately', 'severely', 'Q2', 'Q3', 'France', 'March', 'ABVX', 'Nasdaq', 'Board', 'Directors', 'French', 'CEO', 'journey', 'achievements', 'Completion', 'millions', 'euros', 'Sales', 'General', 'period', 'items', 'shares', 'borrowings', 'relation', 'RNP-VIR', 'termination', 'Subsidies', 'connection', 'accrued', 'interests', 'progression', 'Crohn', '2M', 'issuance', 'officers', 'employees']",2025-03-24,2025-03-25,globenewswire.com
49604,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/03/25/global-stocks-edge-higher-on-hopes-of-more-measured-trump-approach-to-tariffs/,Global stocks edge higher on hopes of more measured Trump approach to tariffs,AIB rose almost 1% in Dublin before it emerged Goldman Sachs has started to sell about a 3% stake on behalf of an investor,Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange during morning trading on Tuesday. Global stocks were slightly higher on Tuesday  after a sharp rally in the prior session on hopes US President Donald Trump would take a more measured approach on tariffs than feared. Photograph: Michael M Santiago/Getty ImagesGlobal stocks were slightly higher on Tuesday  after a sharp rally in the prior session on hopes US President Donald Trump would take a more measured approach on tariffs than feared.DublinEuronext Dublin finished the day up 0.1 per cent on what was a quiet day for investors on the market.AIB rose almost 1 per cent to €6.63. It emerged after the market closed that Goldman Sachs had started to sell about a 3 per cent stake in the bank on behalf  according to market sources  of an institutional investor.It follows a 24 per cent surge in the value of the stock so far this year – even after accounting for a pullback from its recent peak. Six international investment firms own at least 3 per cent of AIB  according to Bloomberg data. Meanwhile  Bank of Ireland climbed 2 per cent.READ MOREAmong the housebuilders  Cairn Homes finished the day down 0.7 per cent  while its peer Glenveagh Properties was up 0.9 per cent at close of business.The only other stock on the index to trade more than a million shares was budget airline Ryanair  which finished up 0.8 per cent.LondonThe FTSE 100 finished 0.3 per cent higher amid a boost from Shell’s fresh strategy update.The oil major lifted after it set out five-year plans to ramp up cost savings and cut spending as it pledged to “deliver more value with less emissions”. Shell shares closed 1.5 per cent higher after the update was welcomed by shareholders.It helped to push London’s top index into the green despite weakness in the retail sector.Kingfisher shares slid 14.1 per cent after the B & ner revealed its yearly profit dropped by more than a third and flagged weaker demand for big purchases.Fever-Tree shares lifted 4.4 per cent on the back of a 9 per cent rise in US sales after American beer maker Molson Coors bought a stake in the company  giving it exclusive rights to market its drinks in the US.AO World was up 1.9 per cent after the online retail firm said it expects annual profits to jump by nearly a third despite a shaky consumer backdrop.EuropeOn the continent  sentiment was broadly positive as a lack of fresh news regarding tariffs helped to calm the markets and drive more buying activity.The Cac 40 in Paris ended 1.1 per cent higher for the day  while the Dax index was up 1.1 per cent at close of business. Elsewhere  the Stoxx Europe 600 rose 0.7 per cent  while the MSCI World Index was up 0.3 per cent.Meanwhile  euro zone bond yields rose as traders piled into risky assets on signs of flexibility in the next round of US tariffs and stronger-than-expected US data  while improved business morale in Germany also helped.New YorkWall Street’s major indexes edged higher in choppy trading as investors assessed consumer sentiment data and anticipated a more flexible trade policy stance from the Trump administration next week.US President Donald Trump on Monday hinted at a potential reprieve  suggesting that not all proposed tariffs would be enforced by April 2nd  with certain countries possibly receiving exemptions.The benchmark S&P 500 and the tech-heavy Nasdaq soared to their highest levels in over two weeks  bolstered by robust performances from megacap stocks like Nvidia and Tesla.However  the lingering uncertainty over mr Trump’s unpredictable tariff strategy continued to cast a shadow over market sentiment  positioning the S&P 500 for its first quarterly loss in six periods.Tesla shares slipped 0.4 per cent after a substantial 12 per cent rally from the previous day. Despite a general rise in electric vehicle registrations across Europe  data for February revealed a year-on-year contraction in Tesla’s market share.Among others  McCormick & Company dropped 1 per cent after the food processing company missed estimates on quarterly profit. (Additional reporting: Agencies),neutral,0.28,0.68,0.03,mixed,0.22,0.2,0.59,True,English,"['Global stocks', 'Trump approach', 'hopes', 'tariffs', 'euro zone bond yields', 'flexible trade policy stance', 'Six international investment firms', 'US President Donald Trump', 'substantial 12 per cent rally', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Michael M Santiago', '24 per cent surge', 'budget airline Ryanair', 'American beer maker', 'shaky consumer backdrop', 'unpredictable tariff strategy', 'electric vehicle registrations', '9 per cent rise', 'online retail firm', 'first quarterly loss', '3 per cent stake', 'benchmark S&P 500', 'a million shares', 'food processing company', 'fresh strategy update', 'MSCI World Index', 'consumer sentiment data', 'Trump administration', 'mr Trump', 'six periods', 'US sales', 'US data', 'sharp rally', 'retail sector', 'a third', 'AO World', 'fresh news', 'general rise', 'quarterly profit', 'other stock', 'Kingfisher shares', 'Fever-Tree shares', 'morning trading', 'Global stocks', 'prior session', 'measured approach', 'Getty Images', 'Goldman Sachs', 'institutional investor', 'recent peak', 'Bloomberg data', 'Cairn Homes', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'The FTSE', 'oil major', 'five-year plans', 'cost savings', 'less emissions', 'top index', 'yearly profit', 'weaker demand', 'big purchases', 'Molson Coors', 'exclusive rights', 'annual profits', 'buying activity', 'The Cac', 'Dax index', 'risky assets', 'next round', 'Wall Street', 'major indexes', 'choppy trading', 'potential reprieve', 'April 2nd', 'tech-heavy Nasdaq', 'highest levels', 'two weeks', 'robust performances', 'megacap stocks', 'lingering uncertainty', 'year contraction', 'Additional reporting', 'US tariffs', 'Shell shares', 'market sources', 'market sentiment', 'market share', 'Tesla shares', 'Euronext Dublin', 'quiet day', 'previous day', 'Stoxx Europe', 'business morale', 'Traders', 'floor', 'Tuesday', 'hopes', 'Photograph', 'investors', 'AIB', 'bank', 'behalf', 'value', 'pullback', 'Ireland', 'READ', 'housebuilders', 'peer', 'close', 'London', 'boost', 'spending', 'shareholders', 'green', 'weakness', 'drinks', 'continent', 'lack', 'markets', 'Paris', 'signs', 'flexibility', 'expected', 'Germany', 'Monday', 'countries', 'exemptions', 'Nvidia', 'shadow', 'February', 'others', 'McCormick', 'estimates', 'Agencies', '0.']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,irishtimes.com
49605,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/news/irish-investors-to-benefit-from-plans-to-consolidate-euronext-etf-trading-says-vanguard/,Irish investors to benefit from plans to consolidate Euronext ETF trading  says Vanguard,Dublin  with only a handful of ETF listings  is not likely to be seen as the preferred trading venue,MarketsIrish investors to benefit from plans to consolidate Euronext ETF trading  says VanguardDublin  with only a handful of ETF listings  is not likely to be seen as the preferred trading venue,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,neutral,0.13,0.74,0.13,True,English,"['Euronext ETF trading', 'Irish investors', 'plans', 'Vanguard', 'preferred trading venue', 'Euronext ETF trading', 'ETF listings', 'Irish investors', 'Markets', 'plans', 'Vanguard', 'Dublin', 'handful']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,businesspost.ie
49606,EuroNext,Bing API,https://invezz.com/news/2025/03/25/blackrock-debuts-european-bitcoin-etp-as-crypto-inflows-top-50b/,BlackRock debuts European Bitcoin ETP as crypto inflows top $50B,BlackRock launches its first European bitcoin ETP on Xetra and Euronext as global spot bitcoin ETF inflows exceed $50 billion.,BlackRock launches its first European bitcoin ETP on Xetra and Euronext as global spot bitcoin ETF inflows exceed $50 billion.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['European Bitcoin ETP', 'crypto inflows', 'BlackRock', 'global spot bitcoin ETF inflows', 'first European bitcoin ETP', 'BlackRock', 'Xetra', 'Euronext']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,invezz.com
49607,EuroNext,Bing API,https://bitcoinmagazine.com/news/blackrock-launches-bitcoin-etp-in-europe,BlackRock Launches Bitcoin ETP In Europe,Asset management giant BlackRock has launched its first bitcoin product in Europe: a physically backed bitcoin exchange-traded product (ETP).,Asset management giant BlackRock has launched its first bitcoin product in Europe: a physically backed bitcoin exchange-traded product (ETP).The iShares Bitcoin ETP started trading Tuesday on Germany’s Xetra exchange and Euronext exchanges in Paris and Amsterdam. The ETP will trade under the ticker IB1T on Xetra and Euronext Paris and as BTCN on Euronext Amsterdam.JUST IN: $11.5 trillion Blackrock is launching a #Bitcoin ETP in Europe 🇪🇺 pic.twitter.com/dZ8z3N3tGv — Bitcoin Magazine (@BitcoinMagazine) March 25  2025The new product comes after BlackRock debuted a bitcoin ETF in the U.S. last year. The U.S. ETF  iShares Bitcoin Trust (IBIT)  has attracted over $50 billion in assets and has become the largest spot bitcoin ETF globally. BlackRock CEO Larry Fink has voiced scepticism of bitcoin but appears to have warmed up to bitcoin amid client demand.By launching a European bitcoin ETP  BlackRock is giving institutional investors in the region exposure to bitcoin’s price performance in a familiar and regulated wrapper. Crypto ETPs have existed in Europe for years but lag U.S. bitcoin ETFs in assets.BlackRock’s bitcoin ETP carries a management fee of 0.25%  reduced to 0.15% through a temporary fee waiver until year-end 2025. The ETP uses Coinbase for custody.As the largest asset manager globally with over $10 trillion under management  BlackRock brings significant scale and distribution power. The move signals growing mainstream embrace of bitcoin as an emerging institutional asset class.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Bitcoin ETP', 'BlackRock', 'Europe', 'emerging institutional asset class', 'BlackRock CEO Larry Fink', 'largest spot bitcoin ETF', 'U.S. bitcoin ETFs', 'The U.S. ETF', 'The iShares Bitcoin ETP', 'largest asset manager', 'growing mainstream embrace', 'iShares Bitcoin Trust', 'temporary fee waiver', 'Asset management giant', 'first bitcoin product', 'bitcoin exchange-traded product', 'European bitcoin ETP', 'The ETP', 'institutional investors', 'new product', 'management fee', 'Bitcoin Magazine', 'Euronext exchanges', 'client demand', 'price performance', 'regulated wrapper', 'Crypto ETPs', 'significant scale', 'distribution power', 'Xetra exchange', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Germany', 'ticker', 'IB1T', 'BTCN', 'dZ8z3N3tGv', 'BitcoinMagazine', 'IBIT', 'assets', 'scepticism', 'region', 'exposure', 'familiar', 'years', 'year-end', 'Coinbase', 'custody', 'move', '1.5']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,bitcoinmagazine.com
49608,EuroNext,Bing API,https://beincrypto.com/blackrock-expands-bitcoin-etps-europe/,BlackRock Brings Bitcoin ETP to Europe with 0.15% Fee Waiver,BlackRock launches its first Bitcoin ETP in Europe  following US success  with a fee waiver to attract investors.,BlackRock  the world’s largest asset manager  is launching its first Bitcoin ETP (exchange-traded product) in Europe  expanding its presence in the crypto investment space.This move follows the success of its US-listed spot Bitcoin ETF  the iShares Bitcoin Trust (IBIT)  which has accumulated $50.6 billion in assets under management (AUM).BlackRock to List Bitcoin ETP in EuropeSponsored SponsoredThe new iShares Bitcoin ETP will be available for trading on Xetra and Euronext Paris under the ticker IB1T and on Euronext Amsterdam as BTCN.The expansion into Europe marks BlackRock’s first crypto-backed ETP offering outside North America. This suggests growing institutional interest in digital assets.To encourage early adoption  BlackRock is offering a temporary fee waiver  reducing the expense ratio of the ETP to 0.15% until the end of the year. This makes the product one of the most cost-effective Bitcoin ETPs in the European market. It could attract retail and institutional investors looking for exposure to digital assets at a competitive price.Europe has pioneered crypto ETPs  with over 160 digital asset-tracking products available. However  its overall market size remains relatively small compared to the US.Sponsored SponsoredBloomberg ETF analyst Eric Balchunas pointed out that US spot Bitcoin ETFs dominate the global market. Specifically  the US holds approximately 91% of total assets despite being introduced only a year ago.“Europe barely on leaderboard of spot bitcoin ETFs by size. US spot ETFs only year old and have 91% share of world ” Balchunas said in a February post.Balchunas also noted that Europe has struggled to compete with the US regarding liquidity and cost efficiency. He speculated that BlackRock’s entry into the European market could provide a significant boost. Specifically  the asset manager could replicate the cost-effectiveness and trading volume seen in the US.“If BlackRock brings even some of the US Terrordome over there  it should see success  although Europeans are generally less into ‘hot sauce’ than US and certain Asian investors ” he added.Notwithstanding  BlackRock’s Bitcoin ETP in Europe is a game-changer for institutional adoption. As access broadens  it could increase BTC demand. Nevertheless  some express skepticism as Bitcoin’s average on-chain transaction value has dropped significantly since 2017.“BTC’s demand is massively dominated by centralized derivatives like future contracts and ETFs/ETPs  with BlackRock being a key player. Onchain transaction volume is at significantly low levels  while the speculative  derivative-based volume keeps growing. This is not good for BTC  and it’s so sad that most BTC supporters can’t see that ” wrote Vini Barbosa.Sponsored SponsoredThis indicates low organic demand  while centralized derivatives like ETFs and futures dominate trading volume.BTC Price Performance. Source: BeInCryptoDespite the news  however  the impact on Bitcoin’s price remains muted. BTC was down by 0.55% in the last 24 hours. As of this writing  Bitcoin was trading for $86 601.Notably  the role of Europe’s sweeping Markets in Crypto Assets (MiCA) regulations cannot be ignored. This regulation delivered a clear and structured framework under which firms can launch new products.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.42,0.08,0.5,True,English,"['Bitcoin ETP', '0.15% Fee Waiver', 'BlackRock', 'Europe', 'Bloomberg ETF analyst Eric Balchunas', 'US-listed spot Bitcoin ETF', 'new iShares Bitcoin ETP', 'US spot Bitcoin ETFs', 'iShares Bitcoin Trust', 'temporary fee waiver', 'chain transaction value', 'crypto-backed ETP offering', 'Onchain transaction volume', 'speculative, derivative-based volume', 'crypto investment space', 'growing institutional interest', 'first Bitcoin ETP', 'cost-effective Bitcoin ETPs', 'largest asset manager', '160 digital asset-tracking products', 'most BTC supporters', 'low organic demand', 'overall market size', 'BTC Price Performance', 'new products', 'crypto ETPs', 'low levels', 'institutional investors', 'institutional adoption', 'European market', 'global market', 'trading volume', 'digital assets', 'Crypto Assets', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'North America', 'early adoption', 'expense ratio', 'competitive price', 'February post', 'cost efficiency', 'significant boost', 'hot sauce', 'Asian investors', 'express skepticism', 'centralized derivatives', 'future contracts', 'key player', 'Vini Barbosa', 'last 24 hours', 'sweeping Markets', 'MiCA) regulations', 'structured framework', 'BTC demand', 'total assets', 'exchange-traded product', 'US Terrordome', 'BlackRock', 'world', 'presence', 'move', 'success', 'IBIT', 'management', 'AUM', 'Xetra', 'ticker', 'IB1T', 'BTCN', 'expansion', 'end', 'year', 'retail', 'exposure', 'leaderboard', '91% share', 'liquidity', 'entry', 'cost-effectiveness', 'Europeans', 'game-changer', 'access', 'ETFs/ETPs', 'futures', 'Source', 'BeInCrypto', 'news', 'impact', 'writing', 'role', 'clear', 'firms']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,beincrypto.com
49609,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-03/64918109-prismaflex-international-prismaflex-international-inform-the-company-is-eligible-for-pea-pme-650.htm,PRISMAFLEX INTERNATIONAL: Prismaflex International inform the company is eligible for PEA-PME,PRISMAFLEX INTERNATIONAL  listed on the Euronext GrowthTH Paris (Code ISIN FR0004044600)  confirms its eligibility for the small and mid-caps PEA-PME equity savings vehicle  in accordance with the,"PRISMAFLEX INTERNATIONAL  listed on the Euronext GrowthTH Paris (Code ISIN FR0004044600)  confirms its eligibility for the small and mid-caps PEA-PME equity savings vehicle  in accordance with the article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.Consequently  PRISMAFLEX INTERNATIONAL shares can be integrated in PEA-PME savings vehicle.(*) in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 221-32-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code  a company whose securities are admitted to trading on the Euronext markets and whose market capitalization is less than two billion euros or was so at the close of at least one of the four calendar years preceding the year taken into account to assess the eligibility of the securities of the issuing company is eligible for the PEA-PME.PRISMAFLEX INTERNATIONALOUTDOOR ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS MANUFACTURER AND WIDE FORMAT DIGITAL PRINTINGISIN: FR0004044600-ALPRI - Reuters: ALPRI.PA - Bloomberg: ALPRI.FPEURONEXT GROWTHTMwww.prismaflex.comContacts :Florence Thérond - CFO - Phone: +33 (0)4 74 70 68 00 - finance@prismaflex.comGuillaume Le Floch - Analysts/investors/press contacts - +33 (0)1 53 67 36 70 - glefloch@actus.frMarie-Claude Triquet - Press relations - Phone: +33 (0)6 84 83 21 82 - mctriquet@actus.fr------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:yGhyY8pmYWzIxm+daZhuZ5JpbJdhxJbFm2nHmZecapbInWphl21ob8aYZnJhmm1m- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-90580-pri-250325-eligibilite-pea-pme-gb.pdf",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.67,0.33,0.0,True,English,"['PRISMAFLEX INTERNATIONAL', 'company', 'PEA-PME', 'mid-caps PEA-PME equity savings vehicle', 'OUTDOOR ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS MANUFACTURER', 'WIDE FORMAT DIGITAL PRINTING', 'PEA-PME savings vehicle', 'two billion euros', 'four calendar years', 'Florence Thérond', 'Guillaume Le Floch', 'next press releases', 'Euronext GrowthTH Paris', 'Copyright Actusnews Wire', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'PRISMAFLEX INTERNATIONAL shares', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'PDF format', 'Press relations', 'Euronext markets', 'EURONEXT GROWTHTM', 'market capitalization', 'Marie-Claude Triquet', 'original release', 'Financial Code', 'French Monetary', 'Article L.', 'Analysts/investors/press contacts', 'issuing company', 'eligibility', 'small', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'securities', 'close', 'account', 'ALPRI', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'CFO', 'Phone', 'glefloch', 'mctriquet', 'publication', 'yGhyY8pmYWzIxm', 'daZhuZ5JpbJdhxJbFm2nHmZecapbInWphl21ob8aYZnJhmm1m', 'email', 'Full', 'documents_communiques', 'eligibilite', '4', '6']",2025-03-06,2025-03-25,finanznachrichten.de
49610,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/blackrock-list-bitcoin-etp-europe-090531211.html,BlackRock to List Bitcoin ETP in Europe in First Crypto Foray Outside U.S.,BlackRock's IBIT is by far the largest of the 12 spot bitcoin ETFs listed in the U.S.  with net assets of over $50 billion.,BlackRock (BLK)  the global asset manager behind the largest U.S. spot bitcoin (BTC) exchange-traded fund (ETF)  listed a bitcoin exchange-traded product (ETP) in Europe on Tuesday  its first crypto ETP outside North America.The iShares Bitcoin ETP started trading on Xetra and Euronext in Paris under the ticker IB1T and on Euronext Amsterdam as BTCN  according listing details on iShares' website.The company's iShares Bitcoin Trust ETF (IBIT) is by far the largest of the 12 spot bitcoin ETFs listed in the U.S.  with net assets worth over $50 billion and cumulative net inflows of just under $40 billion  according to data tracked by SoSoValue. An equivalent product listed in Canada in January.Although the listing of bitcoin ETFs in the U.S. at the start of 2024 was considered a watershed moment for the crypto industry  similar products have existed in Europe for several years as ETPs.Digital asset managers CoinShares and 21Shares have led the way  accounting for nine of the top 20 ETPs by assets between them  according to data tracked by ETFbook. CoinShares Physical Bitcoin ETP is the largest  with $1.3 billion under management and a 0.25% fee.Coinbase (COIN)  which provides custody for IBIT  will do the same for the BlackRock's European product. The fee for the European ETP is temporarily reduced by 10 basis points to 0.15% until the end of 2025.BlackRock's ETP introduction was reported earlier by Bloomberg.UPDATE (March 25  11:34 UTC): Adds trading started in first paragraph  Canada ETF in third  European industry in fourth.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['First Crypto Foray', 'Bitcoin ETP', 'U.S.', 'BlackRock', 'Europe', 'largest U.S. spot bitcoin', 'iShares Bitcoin Trust ETF', '12 spot bitcoin ETFs', 'global asset manager', 'BTC) exchange-traded fund', 'Digital asset managers', 'bitcoin exchange-traded product', 'iShares Bitcoin ETP', 'Physical Bitcoin ETP', 'cumulative net inflows', 'first crypto ETP', ""iShares' website"", 'crypto industry', 'first paragraph', 'equivalent product', 'European product', 'European ETP', 'ETP introduction', 'North America', 'net assets', 'similar products', 'several years', '10 basis points', 'European industry', 'Canada ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'listing details', 'top 20 ETPs', 'BlackRock', 'BLK', 'Tuesday', 'The', 'Xetra', 'Paris', 'ticker', 'IB1T', 'BTCN', 'company', 'IBIT', 'data', 'SoSoValue', 'January', 'start', 'CoinShares', '21Shares', 'way', 'ETFbook', 'management', '0.25% fee', 'Coinbase', 'custody', 'end', 'Bloomberg', 'UPDATE', 'March', 'trading', 'third', '2025']",2025-03-25,2025-03-25,finance.yahoo.com
