UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
29643,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.cryptoglobe.com/latest/2023/09/swift-and-chainlink-conduct-experiments-to-facilitate-global-tokenized-asset-transfers/,SWIFT and Chainlink Conduct Experiments to Facilitate Global Tokenized Asset Transfers,SWIFT  the global financial messaging network  has released the results of a series of experiments that demonstrate its ability to facilitate the transfer of tokenized assets across multiple blockchains. Conducted in partnership with Chainlink  a leading Web3…,SWIFT  the global financial messaging network  has released the results of a series of experiments that demonstrate its ability to facilitate the transfer of tokenized assets across multiple blockchains. Conducted in partnership with Chainlink  a leading Web3 services platform  the experiments also involved a consortium of major financial institutions  including ANZ  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  Citi  Clearstream  Euroclear  Lloyds Banking Group  SIX Digital Exchange (SDX)  and The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation.According to SWIFT’s press release  the experiments aimed to address the challenge of interoperability among various blockchains  each with its unique functionalities and liquidity profiles. SWIFT’s existing secure infrastructure was shown to act as a single point of access to multiple blockchain networks  thereby reducing operational and financial burdens for institutions. Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP) played a pivotal role in ensuring seamless communication between different blockchains.The tests went beyond proving the capabilities of SWIFT’s infrastructure. They also advanced the understanding of the technical and business requirements for interacting with both business and public blockchains. The experiments explored various aspects  such as data privacy  governance  operational risk  and legal liability. Transfers of simulated tokenized assets were conducted between wallets on the same public blockchain  between wallets on different public blockchains  and between public and private blockchain networks.Alexandre Kech  Head Digital Securities at SDX  emphasized the importance of these experiments for understanding how financial institutions can leverage blockchain for institutional business. He mentioned the potential for building a regulated  global  digital asset-agnostic infrastructure that operates around the clock.Sergey Nazarov  Co-Founder at Chainlink  stated that the experiments made it evident that both leading banks and market infrastructures are optimistic about the broader adoption of digital assets. He noted that the collaboration between SWIFT  Chainlink  and over ten major financial institutions proved that cross-chain interoperability is crucial for the next phase of digital asset adoption.SWIFT plans to continue its work with the financial community to identify the most promising use cases for tokenized assets. The focus in the near term is expected to be on the secondary trading of non-listed assets and private markets.The tokenization of all the world’s assets is inevitable and Chainlink is the protocol that will make this a reality 🔥 pic.twitter.com/pIXQPRP4RB — ChainLinkGod.eth (@ChainLinkGod) August 31  2023Featured Image Credit: Midjourney,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['Global Tokenized Asset Transfers', 'Chainlink Conduct Experiments', 'SWIFT', 'regulated, global, digital asset-agnostic infrastructure', 'global financial messaging network', 'leading Web3 services platform', 'ten major financial institutions', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'SIX Digital Exchange', 'The Depository Trust', 'existing secure infrastructure', 'promising use cases', 'digital asset adoption', 'multiple blockchain networks', 'private blockchain networks', 'same public blockchain', 'simulated tokenized assets', 'different public blockchains', 'Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol', 'Digital Securities', 'leading banks', 'digital assets', 'financial burdens', 'financial community', 'multiple blockchains', 'different blockchains', 'broader adoption', 'private markets', 'various blockchains', 'BNP Paribas', 'BNY Mellon', 'Clearing Corporation', 'press release', 'unique functionalities', 'liquidity profiles', 'single point', 'pivotal role', 'seamless communication', 'various aspects', 'data privacy', 'legal liability', 'Alexandre Kech', 'Sergey Nazarov', 'market infrastructures', 'next phase', 'near term', 'secondary trading', 'listed assets', 'Image Credit', 'business requirements', 'institutional business', 'operational risk', 'ChainLinkGod.eth', 'SWIFT', 'results', 'series', 'experiments', 'transfer', 'partnership', 'consortium', 'ANZ', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'SDX', 'challenge', 'access', 'CCIP', 'tests', 'capabilities', 'understanding', 'technical', 'governance', 'wallets', 'Head', 'importance', 'potential', 'clock', 'Founder', 'collaboration', 'focus', 'tokenization', 'world', 'Midjourney']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,cryptoglobe.com
29644,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.cryptoglobe.com/latest/2023/09/swift-and-chainlink-conduct-experiments-to-facilitate-global-tokenized-asset-transfers/,SWIFT and Chainlink Conduct Experiments to Facilitate Global Tokenized Asset Transfers,SWIFT  the global financial messaging network  has released the results of a series of experiments that demonstrate its ability to facilitate the transfer of tokenized assets across multiple blockchains. Conducted in partnership with Chainlink  a leading Web3…,SWIFT  the global financial messaging network  has released the results of a series of experiments that demonstrate its ability to facilitate the transfer of tokenized assets across multiple blockchains. Conducted in partnership with Chainlink  a leading Web3 services platform  the experiments also involved a consortium of major financial institutions  including ANZ  BNP Paribas  BNY Mellon  Citi  Clearstream  Euroclear  Lloyds Banking Group  SIX Digital Exchange (SDX)  and The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation.According to SWIFT’s press release  the experiments aimed to address the challenge of interoperability among various blockchains  each with its unique functionalities and liquidity profiles. SWIFT’s existing secure infrastructure was shown to act as a single point of access to multiple blockchain networks  thereby reducing operational and financial burdens for institutions. Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP) played a pivotal role in ensuring seamless communication between different blockchains.The tests went beyond proving the capabilities of SWIFT’s infrastructure. They also advanced the understanding of the technical and business requirements for interacting with both business and public blockchains. The experiments explored various aspects  such as data privacy  governance  operational risk  and legal liability. Transfers of simulated tokenized assets were conducted between wallets on the same public blockchain  between wallets on different public blockchains  and between public and private blockchain networks.Alexandre Kech  Head Digital Securities at SDX  emphasized the importance of these experiments for understanding how financial institutions can leverage blockchain for institutional business. He mentioned the potential for building a regulated  global  digital asset-agnostic infrastructure that operates around the clock.Sergey Nazarov  Co-Founder at Chainlink  stated that the experiments made it evident that both leading banks and market infrastructures are optimistic about the broader adoption of digital assets. He noted that the collaboration between SWIFT  Chainlink  and over ten major financial institutions proved that cross-chain interoperability is crucial for the next phase of digital asset adoption.SWIFT plans to continue its work with the financial community to identify the most promising use cases for tokenized assets. The focus in the near term is expected to be on the secondary trading of non-listed assets and private markets.The tokenization of all the world’s assets is inevitable and Chainlink is the protocol that will make this a reality 🔥 pic.twitter.com/pIXQPRP4RB — ChainLinkGod.eth (@ChainLinkGod) August 31  2023Featured Image Credit: Midjourney,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['Global Tokenized Asset Transfers', 'Chainlink Conduct Experiments', 'SWIFT', 'regulated, global, digital asset-agnostic infrastructure', 'global financial messaging network', 'leading Web3 services platform', 'ten major financial institutions', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'SIX Digital Exchange', 'The Depository Trust', 'existing secure infrastructure', 'promising use cases', 'digital asset adoption', 'multiple blockchain networks', 'private blockchain networks', 'same public blockchain', 'simulated tokenized assets', 'different public blockchains', 'Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol', 'Digital Securities', 'leading banks', 'digital assets', 'financial burdens', 'financial community', 'multiple blockchains', 'different blockchains', 'broader adoption', 'private markets', 'various blockchains', 'BNP Paribas', 'BNY Mellon', 'Clearing Corporation', 'press release', 'unique functionalities', 'liquidity profiles', 'single point', 'pivotal role', 'seamless communication', 'various aspects', 'data privacy', 'legal liability', 'Alexandre Kech', 'Sergey Nazarov', 'market infrastructures', 'next phase', 'near term', 'secondary trading', 'listed assets', 'Image Credit', 'business requirements', 'institutional business', 'operational risk', 'ChainLinkGod.eth', 'SWIFT', 'results', 'series', 'experiments', 'transfer', 'partnership', 'consortium', 'ANZ', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'SDX', 'challenge', 'access', 'CCIP', 'tests', 'capabilities', 'understanding', 'technical', 'governance', 'wallets', 'Head', 'importance', 'potential', 'clock', 'Founder', 'collaboration', 'focus', 'tokenization', 'world', 'Midjourney']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,cryptoglobe.com
29645,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/august-jobs-report-shows-pace-164146168.html,August Jobs Report Shows Pace of Hiring Continues to Ease: What the Experts Are Saying,A third straight month of slower jobs growth and an uptick in the unemployment rate keeps the Fed on track to leave interest rates unchanged. The August jobs...,"A third straight month of slower jobs growth and an uptick in the unemployment rate keeps the Fed on track to leave interest rates unchanged.The August jobs report exceeded economists' expectations but a third straight month of more modest hiring and an uptick in the unemployment rate should keep the Federal Reserve on track to leave interest rates unchanged at the next Fed meeting   experts say.Nonfarm payrolls expanded by 187 000 last month  the Bureau of Labor Statistics said Friday  topping economists' forecast for the creation of 170 000 jobs. Adding to the evidence of an economy that's cooling  payroll figures for June and July were revised lower by a combined 110 000 jobs. August represented the third consecutive month in which payrolls grew by less than 200 000. Note that over the past year the economy has added an average of 271 000 jobs per month.The unemployment rate  which is derived from a separate survey  rose to 3.8%. Economists expected the unemployment rate to hold steady at July's figure of 3.5%.The August nonfarm payrolls report is typically difficult to decipher as many would-be respondents to government surveys are on vacation. The Hollywood actors and writers strike and the bankruptcy of trucker Yellow also added wrinkles to the data.Nevertheless  the August jobs report suggests that the Fed's efforts to combat inflation by cooling a squeaky-tight labor market via an aggressive campaign of interest rate hikes is having an effect. Even upward wage pressure – a nagging issue for the Fed – moderated in August  rising 0.2% last month. For context  average hourly earnings rose a much hotter 0.4% in both July and June  respectively.Experts tend to agree that the August jobs report is good news for the Fed. The central bank's rate-setting group  the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC)  is forecast to leave interest rates unchanged when it meets later this month.The FOMC raised the short-term federal funds rate by a quarter of a percentage point to a target range of 5.25% to 5.50% when it last met in July. The hike followed a pause in interest rate hikes at the Fed's prior meeting. Interest rate traders currently assign a 93% probability to the Fed leaving interest rates unchanged at the next policy meeting.Story continuesWith the August jobs report now a matter of record  we turned to economists  strategists and other experts for their thoughts on what the data means for markets  macroeconomics and monetary policy going forward. Please see a selection of their commentary  sometimes edited for brevity or clarity  below.Jobs report: the experts weigh innow hiring sign jobs report""Nonfarm payrolls rose 187 000 in August and were revised 110 000 lower over the prior months. However  Hollywood worker strikes and the Yellow trucking bankruptcy weighed on the August pace by roughly 50 000  suggesting a strong underlying pace of job gains. The household survey was strong. While the unemployment rate increased to 3.8%  this reflected a 222 000 increase in household employment offset by a 736 000 increase in the labor force – the latter reflecting increases among youths  women aged 55+  and immigrants. This continued rebalancing of the labor market is consistent with our view that the July hike in the Fed funds rate was the last of the cycle. We continue to expect unchanged policy at both the September and November FOMC meetings."" – Jan Hatzius  chief economist at Goldman Sachs""Easy does it. The job market is not exerting any pressure on the Fed to tighten further. And that is what 'we' want."" – Jennifer Lee  senior economist at BMO Capital Markets""Today's payroll report shows that the labor market is normalizing. Yes  the unemployment rate rose to 3.8%  but it was because more people came into the labor force to look for jobs – 736 000 more people came into the labor force to actively look for jobs. Overall  this report tells you that the economy is growing and normalizing. Employment growth is more than enough to keep up with population growth  worker hours are rising  and wage growth is easing. And the big picture is that there's no recession right  nor are we close to one right now barring unforeseen shocks."" – Sonu Varghese  global macro strategist at Carson Group""The July employment report will be music to the Fed's ears. Hiring trends were a bit better than expected  unemployment was a little softer than expected  and perhaps most importantly  wage gains did not accelerate at an alarming rate. The Fed  therefore  will not raise interest rates in September and will proceed with caution through the remainder of the year  carefully assessing further increases in unemployment  but unlikely to lower rates in the near-term as economic growth remains above trend and wages are still advancing faster than pre-pandemic rates. We continue to see a pause  not a pivot  and advise being Neutral to Risk  emphasizing quality  and staying fully diversified."" – George Mateyo  chief investment officer at Key Private Bank""The August jobs report offered the latest piece of evidence that the Fed's 'soft landing' prospects remain alive. Nonfarm payrolls rose a respectable 187 000  while the labor market loosened in all the right ways. The unemployment rate rose to 3.8% – the highest since the Fed began tightening policy in March of 2022 due to a swell of workers entering the labor force. The labor force participation rate rose to a fresh cycle high of 62.8% and overwhelmed another increase (+222 000) in the household measure of employment. Average hourly earnings growth also eased slightly  with wages up 0.2% in August and 4.3% over the past year. With the labor market more clearly moving back into balance  further Fed rate hikes seem unlikely in our view. However  with the labor market still tight and wage growth elevated  we expect rate cuts to remain a ways off."" – Sarah House  senior economist at Wells Fargo Economics""The U.S. labor market remains stable. The increase in the participation rate is a welcome sign. The month-over-month decline in average hourly earnings is an indication that the Fed's battle to bring inflation back to its target range is working. This mixed report will likely give the Fed enough comfort to pause rate increases at its meeting later this month. The Fed will continue to steadfastly watch labor and inflation reports to see if they need to increase rates later this year and we continue to advise our clients on ways to mitigate their risk."" – Eric Merlis  managing director  co-head of global markets at Citizens""The big takeaway from today's number is that people are back in the labor force and looking for jobs. Coronavirus distortions continue to fade. That's visible from the jump in unemployment and participation. Other items like hourly wages and negative revisions show softening and argue for a Fed to pause. Investors now have more reason to think August's surge in Treasury yields was an echo of 2022 and the last gasp of something old instead of the start of something new. Continued easing in yields could help feed the Goldilocks narrative and comparisons to the 1994-1995 soft landing."" – David Russell  vice president of market intelligence at TradeStation""People have a lot of choice and mobility within the market. Employees will stay in the driver's seat as long the delta between open jobs and available candidates remains this large. So far  businesses are showing a lot of patience and seem to have a higher tolerance to let shifts go unfilled. This is not a strategy that any CEO can employ forever though. Businesses are starting to compete to hire again  which will heat up even more as we get closer to the holiday shopping season."" – Chris Todd  CEO at UKG""Overall  the report fits in with a soft-landing scenario of an economy slowing – but not too fast as to create recessionary concerns – but slowing enough to ease inflation and  most importantly  support the thesis of a pause/no increase in rates in September to allow the Fed to further watch the trends in economic data."" – Stephen Kolano  managing director  investments at Integrated Partners""The report this morning was probably a good nonfarm payroll for the Fed. Unemployment is above expectations on participation above expectations  wage growth is below expectations  headline payrolls above expectations but last month revised down. Data shows the better balance between demand and supply the Fed is looking for...importantly keeping wage pressure contained. However  this will likely not change the view that one more hike in November is still likely in the cards. August is only one data point and the Fed looks at the whole data picture."" – John Luke Tyner  portfolio manager and fixed-income analyst at Aptus Capital Advisors""The market has been anticipating a soft  or no  landing for quite some time  so today's mixed  but mainly as-expected jobs report has probably already been factored into stock prices. The bond market has been more skeptical as the yield curve has remained stubbornly inverted. The low volatility we've observed in the U.S. equity market reflects the general economic optimism but may also have lulled investors into a false sense of security. With high valuations  narrow markets and declining investor sentiment we expect that there will be a catalyst that leads the next big market move down. Today's jobs report does not seem to be that catalyst  however."" – Melissa Brown  managing director of applied research at Qontigo   a Deutsche Boerse-owned global index provider""The increase in weekly earnings was strong for this time of the year  coupled with COVID savings running low  this is why half a million people rejoined the labor market this month."" – Andrew Crapuchettes  CEO at RedBalloon""Above consensus job creation and slightly higher unemployment shows that the labor market rebalance continues. Broadly  the job market continues to show signs of moderation as the broader economy moves towards a soft landing  reinforcing market expectations that the Fed will keep interest rates steady at the September meeting. With U.S. economic data remaining strong and the Fed providing greater clarity on the policy path forward  investors may find opportunities to generate alpha in both equities and fixed income."" – Candice Tse  global head of strategic advisory solutions at Goldman Sachs Asset Management""The reality is there's some softening  but it's not terribly substantial. Year over year  we've only seen one-tenth of a percentage point uptick in unemployment. The Fed's rate hikes may be working  but they're working very slowly."" – Sean Snaith  director of the University of Central Florida's Institute for Economic Forecasting""The August jobs report showed continued cooling in the labor market. The increase in the unemployment rate is notable but not a major concern. It primarily reflects a surge in labor force participation  with teenaged workers comprising an outsized share of that surge. Monthly wage growth fell to its lowest level in over a year  but average hours worked grew  suggesting that workers are not at risk of seeing rising layoffs any time soon. Overall  this was a dovish report that supports a pause on rate hikes from the Federal Reserve."" – Curt Long  chief economist at the National Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions""The jobs report was consistent with a resilient and normalizing labor market. Nonfarm payrolls gains were above forecast as July was revised lower  with unemployment and wage growth edging higher. While impacted by the Yellow bankruptcy and actors strike  the report falls in the Goldilocks (not too hot  not too cold) range  increasing expectations that the Fed remains on pause and supportive of the technology and cyclical sectors."" – Paul Karger  manager director and co-founder at TwinFocus""Today's employment report will add to recent data which indicates the Fed can pause on raising interest rates. While economic growth remains above trend  trends in inflation  and the job market in particular  are moving the right direction. The Fed is no longer 'chasing' inflation and should be in a position to allow the impacts of their actions to date to filter through the economy and markets."" – Steve Wyett  chief investment strategist at BOK Financial""Any month that sees a decline in full-time jobs  temp-agency payrolls and prime adult working-age employment – not to mention huge downward revisions – is a month that can be considered a turning point in the cycle. Another one-tick up in the unemployment rate to 3.9% and the gig will be up. The soft-landing narrative will assuredly morph into something a tad harder."" – David Rosenberg  founder and president of Rosenberg Research",neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.28,0.48,True,English,"['August Jobs Report', 'Pace', 'Hiring', 'Experts', 'Federal Open Market Committee', 'short-term federal funds rate', 'August nonfarm payrolls report', 'The August jobs report', 'global macro strategist', 'third straight month', 'third consecutive month', 'Hollywood worker strikes', 'strong underlying pace', 'chief investment officer', 'Key Private Bank', 'The Hollywood actors', 'sign jobs report', 'average hourly earnings', 'next policy meeting', 'November FOMC meetings', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'interest rate hikes', 'Interest rate traders', 'squeaky-tight labor market', 'Yellow trucking bankruptcy', 'slower jobs growth', 'Fed funds rate', 'upward wage pressure', 'next Fed meeting', 'July employment report', 'Federal Reserve', 'August pace', 'payroll report', 'prior meeting', 'job market', 'Employment growth', 'wage growth', 'trucker Yellow', 'central bank', 'chief economist', 'worker hours', 'alarming rate', 'The FOMC', 'monetary policy', 'household employment', 'unchanged policy', 'wage gains', 'unemployment rate', 'interest rates', 'population growth', 'economic growth', 'Labor Statistics', 'labor force', 'modest hiring', 'payroll figures', 'separate survey', 'government surveys', 'aggressive campaign', 'nagging issue', 'good news', 'rate-setting group', 'percentage point', 'target range', 'prior months', 'job gains', 'household survey', 'continued rebalancing', 'Jan Hatzius', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Jennifer Lee', 'senior economist', 'big picture', 'unforeseen shocks', 'Sonu Varghese', 'Carson Group', 'Hiring trends', 'George Mateyo', 'latest piece', 'pre-pandemic rates', 'The Fed', ""economists' expectations"", ""economists' forecast"", 'past year', 'other experts', 'July hike', '170,000 jobs', '110,000 jobs', '271,000 jobs', 'uptick', 'track', 'Bureau', 'creation', 'evidence', 'economy', 'June', 'less', 'many', 'respondents', 'vacation', 'writers', 'wrinkles', 'data', 'efforts', 'inflation', 'effect', 'context', 'quarter', 'pause', '93% probability', 'Story', 'matter', 'record', 'strategists', 'thoughts', 'macroeconomics', 'selection', 'commentary', 'brevity', 'clarity', '222,000 increase', '736,000 increase', 'increases', 'youths', 'women', 'immigrants', 'view', 'cycle', 'September', 'Today', 'people', 'recession', 'music', 'ears', 'caution', 'remainder', 'near-term', 'wages', 'pivot', 'Risk', 'quality']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,finance.yahoo.com
29646,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.movies.yahoo.com/schott-pharma-renk-announce-ipos-142313772.html,Schott Pharma  Renk to announce IPOs in September - Boersen-Zeitung,FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German companies Schott Pharma and are planning initial public offerings in September as the environment for listings becomes more favourable again  Boersen-Zeitung ... which is being prepared by Deutsche Bank  BNP Paribas and Bank ...,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German companies Schott Pharma and are planning initial public offerings in September as the environment for listings becomes more favourable again  Boersen-Zeitung reported  citing financial sources.German medicine container maker Schott Pharma  a division of Mainz-based glass group Schott  is expected to publish its so-called intention to float (ITF) on Sept. 5 or 6  the paper said.Sources had told Reuters in June that the group was looking at late summer for a possible listing  which is being prepared by Deutsche Bank  BNP Paribas and Bank of America and could fetch a valuation of more than 4 billion euros ($4.31 billion).""An IPO is a very interesting option for us. However  we do not want to say more at this point in time "" Schott said in an e-mailed statement.Meantime  the ITF for Renk  which makes gearboxes for tanks  could be published in the week of Sept. 15  Boersen-Zeitung reported. The company  which is owned by private equity group Triton  could be valued at around 2.5 billion euros in a listing  sources have previously said.Renk was not immediately available for comment outside business hours.The German market for IPOs has been muted so far in 2023. Notable exceptions included Hydrogen firm Thyssenkrupp Nucera  one of Europe's biggest listings this year  which went public in July.($1 = 0.9282 euros)(Reporting by Christoph Steitz  Editing by Louise Heavens)",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.37,0.27,True,English,"['Schott Pharma', 'Renk', 'IPOs', 'September', 'Boersen-Zeitung', 'German medicine container maker', 'initial public offerings', 'outside business hours', 'Mainz-based glass group', 'private equity group', 'German companies', 'German market', 'late summer', 'BNP Paribas', 'interesting option', 'Notable exceptions', 'Hydrogen firm', 'Thyssenkrupp Nucera', 'Christoph Steitz', 'Louise Heavens', '4 billion euros', '2.5 billion euros', 'Schott Pharma', 'possible listing', 'Deutsche Bank', 'biggest listings', 'financial sources', '0.9282 euros', 'FRANKFURT', 'Reuters', 'September', 'environment', 'Boersen-Zeitung', 'division', 'intention', 'ITF', 'Sept.', 'paper', 'June', 'America', 'IPO', 'point', 'time', 'statement', 'Renk', 'gearboxes', 'tanks', 'week', 'company', 'Triton', 'comment', 'Europe', 'July']",2023-09-02,2023-09-02,uk.movies.yahoo.com
29647,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-Attendance-Euronext-Sustainability-Week-2023-44755870/,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : Attendance Euronext Sustainability Week 2023 -Yesterday at 10:33 am,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. participating in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  anno…,"PRESS RELEASETamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"" - tip.mi)  independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. participating in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  announces that on September 4 - 6  2023 will attend to Euronext Sustainability Week 2023 (digital)  organised by Borsa Italiana S.p.A..The related presentation will be available on the company web site www.tipspa.itsection Investor Relations/Presentations.Milan  September 1  2023TIP - TAMBURIINVESTMENTPARTNERSS.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP WITH THAT INVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES) IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW AND WITH A LONG-TERM APPROACH. CURRENTLY TIP HAS DIRECT OR INDIRECT INTEREST IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON  APOTECA NATURA  ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DIGITAL MAGICS  DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  ITALIAN DESIGN BRANDS  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIO FACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  PRYSMIAN  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI  STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA AND VIANOVA.Contacts: Alessandra GrittiCEO - Investor RelatorTel. 02 8858801 mail: gritti@tamburi.itThis press release is also available on the company's web site www.tipspa.itand disclosed by 1Info SDIR and 1Info Storage system (www.1info.it).",neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Attendance Euronext Sustainability Week', 'Tamburi Investment Partners', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'TAMBURIINVESTMENTPARTNERSS.P.A.', 'several excellent entrepreneurial companies', 'Euronext Sustainability Week', 'diversified industrial group', 'Alessandra Gritti CEO', '1Info Storage system', 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS', 'company web site', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', '1Info SDIR', 'UNLISTED COMPANIES', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'related presentation', 'CLUB DEALS', '5 BILLION EURO', 'TODAY VALUES', 'LONG-TERM APPROACH', 'INDIRECT INTEREST', 'APOTECA NATURA', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'DIGITAL MAGICS', 'HUGO BOSS', 'DESIGN BRANDS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'LIO FACTORY', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'Investor Relator', 'tip.mi', 'independent', 'September', 'itsection', 'Presentations', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'PRYSMIAN', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'STARTIP', 'GARDEN', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'Contacts', 'Tel.']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
29648,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2736245/0/en/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Regulated Information  Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – September 1  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical...,Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – September 1  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on September 1  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of August 28  2023  it held 0 shares of the then outstanding 2 278 608 378 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of the acquisition and sale of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.31,0.48,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 2,278,608,378 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '0 shares', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'September', 'LLC', 'August', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'acquisition', 'sale', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '7.00', '32']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29649,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2735773/0/en/BioSenic-S-A-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares.html,BioSenic S.A. : Information on the total number of voting rights and shares,Information on the total number of voting rights and shares  Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  September 1  2023  7.00 am CEST – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels...,Information on the total number of voting rights and sharesMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  September 1  2023  7.00 am CEST – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the innovative company addressing unmet medical needs in in the areas of innate immunity  inflammation and organ/function repair  today announces an increase in the total number of voting rights and shares as a result of the issuance of new shares following the conversion of convertible bonds. The following information is published in accordance with article 15 of the Belgian law of 2 May 2007 on the publication of major shareholdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on regulated market.Total amount of share capital on August 1  2023 EUR 34 300 669 Total number of shares with voting rights on August 1  2023 131 514 808 Total number of new shares issued between August 2  2023 and August 31  2023 5 833 333Total amount of share capital on August 31  2023 EUR 34 500 669 Total number of shares with voting rights on August 31  2023 137 348 141 Total number of voting rights (denominator) on August 31  2023 137 348 141 Total number of attributed warrants 1 197 554 Total number of convertible bonds outstanding 834 Total number of remaining convertible bonds commitments 18 Total number of shares with voting rights that can be issued following the exercise of the attributed warrants  remaining convertible bonds commitments and the conversion of the convertible bonds 81 978 624 (1)(1)1 197 554 shares could be issued in case all 1 197 554 attributed warrants were exercised.285 714 shares could be issued in case all 800 convertible bonds outstanding  issued in the private placement on 6 May 2020  were converted into shares based on the predetermined conversion price of EUR 7.00.80 495 356 shares could be issued in case all 18 convertible bonds commitments remaining and all 34 convertible bonds outstanding of the ABO convertible bonds program signed on 30 May 2022 were exercised and converted into shares based on the conversion price of EUR 0.0323 (95% of the Volume-Weighted-Averaged-Price of BioSenics’ shares on August 30  2023).About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i) the arsenic trioxide (ATO) platform (with key target indications including Graft-versus-Host Disease (GvHD)  systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and systemic sclerosis (SSc)) and (ii)  the development of innovative products to meet unmet needs in orthopedics.Following a reverse merger in October 2022  BioSenic combined a strategic positionings and strengths to use  separately and combined  an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/oral ATO (OATO) with its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The ATO platform  which has been successfully developed  has immunomodulatory properties with fundamental effects on the activated cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T and other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways  with return to homeostasis. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. cGvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT). cGvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune cells that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. BioSenic has been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  which has orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA. The Company is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with its new  IP-protected  OATO formulation. Another selected target is moderate-to-severe forms of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastrointestinal tract) in an early Phase IIa study. Systemic sclerosis is also part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. This serious chronic disease badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and has no actual current effective treatment. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive  giving good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol.2) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform developed by BioSenic  with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs)  which can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. ALLOB represents a unique and proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury. ALLOB has recently been evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late-delayed union. However  in June 2023  BioSenic decided to suspend its interventional trial on fracture healing using ALLOB  following negative results obtained for the primary endpoint in this exploratory Phase IIb clinical trial  interpreted as a failure of a too early cell injection  just after fracture. BioSenic is now focusing on determining the best time to optimise the efficacy of ALLOB (choice between early or late treatment).Note: Biosenic has reevaluated a previous important and years-long clinical development program. In March 2023  after the clinical identification of distinct OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA  demonstrating positive action on the most severely affected patient subpopulation. This new post-hoc analysis drastically changes the therapeutic profile of the combined components and allows for better patient targeting in future clinical developments. This leads to a next-generation of JTA  off-the-shelf enhanced viscosupplement to treat knee osteoarthritis (OA)  made of a unique combination of mammalian plasma proteins  derivatives of hyaluronic acid (a natural component of synovial fluid in the knee) and a third active component. JTA or some derivatives are intended to provide effective lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic (OA) pain and inflammation.The company  will nevertheless focus its present R&D and clinical activities on a selective  accelerated development of its autoimmune (ATO/OATO) platform.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comInternational Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.REGULATED INFORMATIONMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  September 1  2023  7.00 am CEST – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the innovative company addressing unmet medical needs in in the areas of innate immunity  inflammation and organ/function repair  today announces an increase in the total number of voting rights and shares as a result of the issuance of new shares following the conversion of convertible bonds. The following information is published in accordance with article 15 of the Belgian law of 2 May 2007 on the publication of major shareholdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on regulated market.Total amount of share capital on August 1  2023 EUR 34 300 669 Total number of shares with voting rights on August 1  2023 131 514 808 Total number of new shares issued between August 2  2023 and August 31  2023 5 833 333Total amount of share capital on August 31  2023 EUR 34 500 669 Total number of shares with voting rights on August 31  2023 137 348 141 Total number of voting rights (denominator) on August 31  2023 137 348 141 Total number of attributed warrants 1 197 554 Total number of convertible bonds outstanding 834 Total number of remaining convertible bonds commitments 18 Total number of shares with voting rights that can be issued following the exercise of the attributed warrants  remaining convertible bonds commitments and the conversion of the convertible bonds 81 978 624 (1)(1)1 197 554 shares could be issued in case all 1 197 554 attributed warrants were exercised.285 714 shares could be issued in case all 800 convertible bonds outstanding  issued in the private placement on 6 May 2020  were converted into shares based on the predetermined conversion price of EUR 7.00.80 495 356 shares could be issued in case all 18 convertible bonds commitments remaining and all 34 convertible bonds outstanding of the ABO convertible bonds program signed on 30 May 2022 were exercised and converted into shares based on the conversion price of EUR 0.0323 (95% of the Volume-Weighted-Averaged-Price of BioSenics’ shares on August 30  2023).About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i) the arsenic trioxide (ATO) platform (with key target indications including Graft-versus-Host Disease (GvHD)  systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and systemic sclerosis (SSc)) and (ii)  the development of innovative products to meet unmet needs in orthopedics.Following a reverse merger in October 2022  BioSenic combined a strategic positionings and strengths to use  separately and combined  an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/oral ATO (OATO) with its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com .About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:The ATO platform  which has been successfully developed  has immunomodulatory properties with fundamental effects on the activated cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T and other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways  with return to homeostasis. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. cGvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT). cGvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune cells that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. BioSenic has been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  which has orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA. The Company is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with its new  IP-protected  OATO formulation. Another selected target is moderate-to-severe forms of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastrointestinal tract) in an early Phase IIa study. Systemic sclerosis is also part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. This serious chronic disease badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and has no actual current effective treatment. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive  giving good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol. The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform developed by BioSenic  with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs)  which can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. ALLOB represents a unique and proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury. ALLOB has recently been evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late-delayed union. However  in June 2023  BioSenic decided to suspend its interventional trial on fracture healing using ALLOB  following negative results obtained for the primary endpoint in this exploratory Phase IIb clinical trial  interpreted as a failure of a too early cell injection  just after fracture. BioSenic is now focusing on determining the best time to optimise the efficacy of ALLOB (choice between early or late treatment).Note: Biosenic has reevaluated a previous important and years-long clinical development program. In March 2023  after the clinical identification of distinct OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA  demonstrating positive action on the most severely affected patient subpopulation. This new post-hoc analysis drastically changes the therapeutic profile of the combined components and allows for better patient targeting in future clinical developments. This leads to a next-generation of JTA  off-the-shelf enhanced viscosupplement to treat knee osteoarthritis (OA)  made of a unique combination of mammalian plasma proteins  derivatives of hyaluronic acid (a natural component of synovial fluid in the knee) and a third active component. JTA or some derivatives are intended to provide effective lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic (OA) pain and inflammation.The company  will nevertheless focus its present R&D and clinical activities on a selective  accelerated development of its autoimmune (ATO/OATO) platform.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comInternational Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.18,0.42,True,English,"['BioSenic S.A.', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'international Phase III confirmatory study', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'early Phase IIa study', 'orphan drug designation status', 'Phase II clinical protocol', 'remaining convertible bonds commitments', 'ABO convertible bonds program', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'new, IP-protected, OATO formulation', 'Phase II trial', 'cell death program', 'gene therapy platform', 'cell oxidative stress', 'autoimmune cell pathways', '18 convertible bonds commitments', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'two main platforms', 'One direct application', 'same oral formulation', 'current effective treatment', 'pertinent animal models', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'systemic lupus erythematosus', 'tissue repair protection', 'severe multiorgan damage', 'several affected organs', 'leading biotech company', 'serious chronic disease', 'significant clinical efficacy', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'unmet medical needs', 'key target indications', 'innate/adaptative immune system', 'potent immunomodulatory properties', 'The ATO platform', 'allogeneic cell', 'BioSenic technology platforms', '800 convertible bonds', '34 convertible bonds', 'innovative company', 'ATO) platform', 'unmet needs', 'intravenous formulation', 'The Company', 'clinical assets', 'clinical pipeline', 'innovative products', 'immune cells', 'organ/function repair', 'systemic sclerosis', 'new arsenal', 'several cytokines', 'significant complications', 'severe forms', 'Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'activated cells', 'other cells', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Euronext Brussels', 'innate immunity', 'Belgian law', 'major shareholdings', 'regulated market', 'Total amount', 'share capital', 'private placement', 'arsenic trioxide', 'reverse merger', 'strategic positionings', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'ATO/oral ATO', 'strong IP', 'fundamental effects', 'first effect', 'activated B', 'second effect', 'long-term survival', 'good safety', 'gastrointestinal tract', 'Preclinical studies', 'good grounds', 'following information', 'Further information', 'new shares', 'conversion price', '1,197,554 attributed warrants', '1,197,554 shares', '285,714 shares', '80 495 356 shares', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'CEST', 'Paris', 'areas', 'inflammation', 'increase', 'result', 'issuance', 'accordance', 'article', '2 May', 'publication', 'issuers', 'August', 'denominator', 'exercise', 'case', '6 May', '30 May', 'Volume-Weighted-Averaged-Price', 'development', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'orthopedics', 'October', 'strengths', 'point', 'apoptosis', 'return', 'homeostasis', 'use', 'onco-immunology', 'stage', 'common', 'HSCT', 'FDA', 'skin', 'mucosae', 'part', 'lungs', 'vascularization', 'actual', 'MSCs']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29650,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOSTRAVEL-COM-S-P-A-45130316/news/SosTravel-com-S-P-A-Exercise-of-Sostravel-Warrants-ndash-August-2023-44754462/,SosTravel com S P A : Exercise of Sostravel Warrants – August 2023 -Yesterday at 08:30 am,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   Exercise of Sostravel Warrants   Gallarate  September 1  2023 - Sostravel.com S.p.A. (Euronext Growth Milan  ticker: SOS    and OTCQB New York  ticker: SOSAF)  a digital operator offering booking services  dig…,"Press ReleaseExercise of Sostravel WarrantsGallarate  September 1  2023 - Sostravel.com S.p.A. (Euronext Growth Milan  ticker: SOS and OTCQB New York  ticker: SOSAF)  a digital operator offering booking services  digital itineraries including flight and airport information  car rentals  experiences  and proprietary services such as Lost Luggage Concierge through the sostravel and flio apps as well as through the platforms www.sostravel.com and www.amareitalia.com (""Sostravel"" or ""the Company"")  hereby announces that during the month of August 2023  a total of 3 778 Sostravel.com 2021-2024 Warrants (ISIN IT0005446718) (hereinafter ""Sostravel Warrants"") were exercised. Consequently  3 778 ordinary Sostravel.com shares (ISIN IT0005338675)  known as ""Accumulative Shares "" were subscribed at a price of Euro 1.20 per each Accumulative Share  for a total value of Euro 4 533.60.The Accumulative Shares  which are listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  have no nominal value  carry full dividend rights  and have the same characteristics as the existing ordinary shares of Sostravel.com as of the date of issuance. Therefore  a remaining total of 21 802 870 Sostravel Warrants will continue to be exercisable until December 16  2024  inclusive  as per the terms specified in the Sostravel.com 2021-2024 Warrant Regulations (""Warrant Regulations"").Considering the above  the new share capital of Sostravel.com S.p.A. will be Euro 1 309 254.80  comprised of 13 092 548 ordinary shares with no nominal value. The certification of the change in share capital will be filed with the appropriate registry on Monday  September 4  2023.For more information  please refer to the Warrant Regulations available in the Investor section of the website www.sostravel.com.",neutral,0.08,0.88,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['S P A', 'Sostravel Warrants', 'Exercise', 'August', '08', '30', 'Sostravel.com S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', '3,778 ordinary Sostravel.com shares', 'OTCQB New York', 'Lost Luggage Concierge', 'full dividend rights', 'existing ordinary shares', 'The Accumulative Shares', 'new share capital', '2021-2024 Warrant Regulations', 'Sostravel Warrants Gallarate', '13,092,548 ordinary shares', '21,802,870 Sostravel Warrants', 'Press Release', 'digital operator', 'booking services', 'digital itineraries', 'car rentals', 'proprietary services', 'flio apps', 'nominal value', 'same characteristics', 'appropriate registry', 'Investor section', 'total value', 'remaining total', 'airport information', '3,778 Sostravel', 'Exercise', 'ticker', 'SOSAF', 'flight', 'experiences', 'platforms', 'Company', 'month', 'August', 'ISIN', 'price', 'date', 'issuance', 'December', 'terms', 'certification', 'change', 'Monday', 'September', 'website']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
29651,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2735772/0/en/Ipsen-announces-change-in-R-D-leadership-Howard-Mayer-to-retire-succeeded-by-Christelle-Huguet.html,Ipsen announces change in R&D leadership: Howard Mayer to retire  succeeded by Christelle Huguet,PARIS  FRANCE  1 September 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company  announced today the appointment of Christelle Huguet as Executive Vice President  Head of Research and Development. She will succeed Howa…,PARIS  FRANCE  1 September 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company  announced today the appointment of Christelle Huguet as Executive Vice President  Head of Research and Development. She will succeed Howard Mayer  EVP and Head of R&D  who will leave Ipsen on September 22  following his decision to retire.Christelle Huguet will serve on the Executive Leadership Team (ELT)  reporting directly to Ipsen’s Chief Executive Officer  David Loew and immediately succeeding Howard upon his departure. Since joining Ipsen in May 2020 as Senior Vice President and Head of Research  External Innovation and Early Development (REED)  she has built a lean and dynamic global REED organization supporting Ipsen’s three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience  from target to clinic.“I am very pleased that Christelle will join Ipsen’s Executive Leadership team as we continue to successfully deliver on our strategic roadmap. Christelle’s deep experience  spanning discovery and development  will be essential to advance our pipeline and drive positive developments from external innovation. This experience  coupled with her passion and leadership style of developing people  will ensure a smooth transition as she assumes her new role ” said David Loew  CEO  Ipsen.“I also want to thank Howard for his significant contributions to Ipsen. Over the last four years he built a strong R&D leadership team  which led a deep review of the pipeline  prioritized disease areas  and identified strategic programs and opportunities. Howard was also instrumental in Ipsen’s success from a Business Development and M&A perspective over the last several years  and he played a pivotal role in the acquisitions and integrations of Epizyme and Albireo into Ipsen. He has remained personally committed to bringing much-needed innovation to patients throughout his distinguished career.”Christelle brings depth and expertise  with over 25 years of biotech and industry experience spanning drug discovery and development from the early phases of drug discovery to the identification and early clinical development of small molecules and biologics up to Phase IIb. Prior to joining Ipsen in  Christelle was Chief Scientific Officer for X-Chem Inc & ZebiAI Therapeutics  where she built an internal portfolio of oncology programs and implemented the use of advanced machine learning to DNA-encoded library data analysis. Prior to X-Chem  she was the head of internal research at Alexion  where she focused on rare diseases. Earlier in her career  she spent 18 years at Pfizer in a number of senior leadership roles in research and pre-clinical development  including CSO for GU disease  Global Head of PK  PD and Metabolism  and CSO for inflammation and immunology.“I know firsthand that our R&D organization is committed to Ipsen’s ambitious innovation agenda ” said Christelle Huguet. “I’m honored to lead this talented team to continue to bring much-needed new medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience  where we can make a meaningful impact for patients and society.”Christelle studied in France  Germany and Switzerland  receiving a French University Diploma in Technology (DUT) in applied biology and biochemistry  and a European Engineering degree in biotechnology sciences. She received a Ph.D. in molecular and cellular biology from the Institute Pasteur in France. Christelle will continue to be based in Cambridge  Massachusetts  one of Ipsen’s four global hubs  and will assume her new role from 22 September 2023.ENDSAbout IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 300 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comFor further information:ContactsInvestorsCraig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193 Nicolas BoglerSenior Manager  Investor Relations+33 6 52 19 98 92MediaAmy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy& Communications+41 79 576 07 23Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .Attachment,neutral,0.24,0.75,0.02,mixed,0.66,0.2,0.14,True,English,"['R&D leadership', 'Howard Mayer', 'Christelle Huguet', 'Ipsen', 'change', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'strong R&D leadership team', 'DNA-encoded library data analysis', 'Craig Marks Vice President', 'global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company', 'global, mid-sized biopharmaceutical company', 'Executive Vice President', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'R&D organization', 'Senior Vice President', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'M&A perspective', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'advanced machine learning', 'French University Diploma', 'European Engineering degree', 'differentiated technological platforms', 'senior leadership roles', 'four global hubs', 'three therapeutic areas', 'Corporate Brand Strategy', 'global REED organization', 'last four years', 'last several years', 'ambitious innovation agenda', 'Global Media Relations', 'early clinical development', 'talented team', 'leadership style', 'Ph.D.', 'disease areas', 'life-science hubs', 'Senior Manager', 'early phases', 'external-innovation strategy', 'Investor Relations', 'management strategy', 'Global Head', 'Early Development', 'David Loew', 'External Innovation', 'Rare Disease', 'strategic roadmap', 'positive developments', 'smooth transition', 'new role', 'significant contributions', 'deep review', 'strategic programs', 'pivotal role', 'small molecules', 'Phase IIb', 'ZebiAI Therapeutics', 'internal portfolio', 'GU disease', 'meaningful impact', 'applied biology', 'biotechnology sciences', 'cellular biology', 'Institute Pasteur', 'total sales', 'leading biotechnological', 'U.K.', 'U.S.', 'Nicolas Bogler', 'Amy Wolf', 'Ioana Piscociu', 'looking statements', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'actual results', 'Business Development', 'pre-clinical development', 'development efforts', 'deep experience', 'industry experience', 'drug discovery', 'new medicines', 'transformative medicines', 'distinguished career', 'X-Chem Inc', 'unknown risks', 'Christelle Huguet', 'Howard Mayer', 'oncology programs', 'internal research', '25 years', '18 years', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '1 September', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'appointment', 'EVP', 'decision', 'ELT', 'departure', 'lean', 'dynamic', 'Neuroscience', 'target', 'pipeline', 'passion', 'people', 'CEO', 'opportunities', 'success', 'acquisitions', 'integrations', 'Epizyme', 'Albireo', 'patients', 'depth', 'expertise', 'identification', 'biologics', 'use', 'Alexion', 'Pfizer', 'number', 'CSO', 'PK', 'PD', 'Metabolism', 'inflammation', 'immunology', 'society', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'DUT', 'biochemistry', 'molecular', 'Cambridge', '22 September', 'ENDS', 'FY', '100 countries', 'innovative', 'heart', 'Oxford', 'Shanghai', 'China', '5,300 colleagues', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Investors', 'Communications', 'forward', 'objectives', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29652,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FAGRON-N-V-62917/news/Progress-share-buy-back-program-Fagron-44756642/,Progress share buy-back program Fagron,(marketscreener.com) Regulated informationNazareth /Rotterdam   1 September 2023 – 6PM CET Progress share buy-back program Fagron In the period from 28 August 2023 through 1 September 2023  Fagron purchased 13 500 of its owns shares at an average price of €16…,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  1 September 2023 – 6PM CETProgress share buy-back program FagronIn the period from 28 August 2023 through 1 September 2023  Fagron purchased 13 500 of its owns shares at an average price of €16.17 per share corresponding to a total amount of €218 323.35.These purchases are part of the share buy-back program of up to 138 372 Fagron shares to fulfill Fagron’s obligations under its long term incentive scheme  which was announced on 3 August 2023.The total number of own shares purchased to date is 78 000.More information  including a detailed overview of the purchase transactions under this program  is available on our share buy-back webpage.Further informationKaren BergGlobal Investor Relations ManagerTel. +31 6 53 44 91 99karen.berg@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics and patients in more than 30 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Attachment,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Progress share buy-back program', 'Fagron', 'long term incentive scheme', 'Global Investor Relations Manager', 'Progress share buy-back program', 'share buy-back webpage', 'leading global company', 'Belgian company', 'Dutch company', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'More information', 'detailed overview', 'purchase transactions', 'Further information', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'English translation', 'Dutch original', 'press release', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', 'Karen Berg', '138,372 Fagron shares', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '1 September', '6PM', 'period', '28 August', 'purchases', 'part', 'obligations', '3 August', 'date', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '30 countries', 'world', 'event', 'differences', 'latter', 'Attachment', '31']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
29653,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2735800/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program,Update on the Share Buyback Program  Period from 24 August 2023 to 30 August 2023  Share Buyback ProgramOn 28 July 2023  Bekaert announced the......,Update on the Share Buyback ProgramPeriod from 24 August 2023 to 30 August 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 28 July 2023   Bekaert announced the start of the seventh tranche of its buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 30 million (the Seventh Tranche). All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 24 August 2023 to 30 August 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 60 202 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the seventh tranche of the Program during the period from 24 August 2023 to 30 August 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 24 August 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 534 42.93 43.12 42.70 323 435 MTF CBOE 3 183 42.93 43.22 42.74 136 646 MTF Turquoise 849 42.91 43.08 42.74 36 431 MTF Aquis 919 42.94 43.38 42.70 39 462 25 August 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 759 43.54 43.82 43.08 337 827 MTF CBOE 3 146 43.55 43.82 43.10 137 008 MTF Turquoise 768 43.55 43.82 43.10 33 446 MTF Aquis 1 025 43.57 43.82 43.32 44 659 28 August 2023 Euronext Brussels 4 699 43.86 44.16 43.74 206 098 MTF CBOE 1 883 43.88 44.08 43.64 82 626 MTF Turquoise 437 43.89 44.08 43.78 19 180 MTF Aquis 485 43.92 44.12 43.76 21 301 29 August 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 447 43.86 44.04 43.70 326 625 MTF CBOE 3 191 43.84 44.04 43.76 139 893 MTF Turquoise 706 43.83 43.98 43.76 30 944 MTF Aquis 900 43.84 43.98 43.74 39 456 30 August 2023 Euronext Brussels 9 196 43.80 43.62 44.16 402 785 MTF CBOE 3 926 43.81 43.54 44.16 171 998 MTF Turquoise 937 43.81 43.64 44.14 41 050 MTF Aquis 1 212 43.80 43.54 44.16 53 086 Total 60 202 43.59 44.16 42.70 2 623 956On 30 August 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 785 745 own shares  or 4.99% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.88,0.07,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'Share Buyback Program Period', 'investor relations pages', 'total maximum consideration', 'Date Market Number', 'Shares Average Price', 'share capital', 'total number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'seventh tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'outstanding shares', '60 202 shares', 'Update', '24 August', '30 August', '28 July', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', 'Amount', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '785 745', '4.']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29654,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRAWELL-CO-S-P-A-61871328/news/TraWell-Co-Exercise-of-Trawell-Co-2021-2024-Warrants-44754683/,TraWell Co: Exercise of Trawell Co 2021-2024 Warrants. -Yesterday at 08:46 am,"(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   Exercise of ""Trawell Co 2021-2024   Warrants""   Gallarate  September 1  2023 - TraWell Co S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana  Ticker: TWL  OTCQX New   York  Ticker: TRWAF)  a global leader in protection services  lugga…","Press ReleaseExercise of ""Trawell Co 2021-2024Warrants""Gallarate  September 1  2023 - TraWell Co S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana  Ticker: TWL  OTCQX NewYork  Ticker: TRWAF)  a global leader in protection services  luggage storage  and ancillary products and services for travelers (""Trawell"" or ""the Company"")  announces that during the month of August 2023  a total of 35 281 ""Trawell Co 2021-2024 Warrants"" (ISIN IT0005446726) (hereinafter referred to as ""Trawell Warrants"") were exercised. As a result  35 281 ordinary Trawell shares (ISIN IT0005378325)  known as ""Accumulative Shares "" were subscribed at a price of Euro 8.00 for each Accumulative Share  for a total value of Euro 282 248.00.The Accumulative Shares  which are listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  have no nominal value  and carry full dividend rights. They possess the same characteristics as the existing ordinary shares of Trawell Co S.p.A. as of the date of issuance. Accordingly  there remain 3 684 569 Trawell Warrants in circulation that can continue to be exercised until December 16  2024  inclusive  as per the terms specified in the ""Trawell Co 2021-2024 Warrant Regulations"" (""Warrant Regulations"").Considering the above  the new share capital of Trawell Co S.p.A. will amount to Euro 16 245 922.26  comprised of 2 515 181 ordinary shares with no nominal value. The certification of the change in share capital will be filed with the appropriate registry on Monday  September 4  2023.For more information  please refer to the Warrant Regulations available in the Investor section of the website www.trawellco.com* * *About TraWell CoTraWell Co is the global leader in protection services  luggage storage  and ancillary products and services  including the Lost Luggage Concierge service provided by Sostravel.com. Listed on Euronext Growth Milan (ticker: BIT:TWL) and OTCQX New York (ticker: TRWAF)  the Company operates 133 stores in 38 airports across 13 countries  employing over 200 staff and serving 4 million customers worldwide. TraWell Co offers a unique exposure to a portfolio of commercial activities and services for travelers. With 25 years of experience  TraWell benefits from the growth in the air travel sector and increased spending on wellness and security services.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['TraWell Co', 'Exercise', '24 Warrants', '08', '46', 'TraWell Co S.p.A.', 'Trawell Co 2021-2024 Warrant Regulations', 'Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', '35,281 ""Trawell Co 2021-2024 Warrants', 'full dividend rights', 'air travel sector', 'existing ordinary shares', '35,281 ordinary Trawell shares', 'The Accumulative Shares', 'new share capital', 'OTCQX New York', '2,515,181 ordinary shares', 'Trawell Warrants', 'luggage storage', 'Press Release', 'Borsa Italiana', 'global leader', 'ancillary products', 'nominal value', 'same characteristics', 'appropriate registry', 'Investor section', 'Sostravel.com', '4 million customers', 'unique exposure', 'commercial activities', 'protection services', 'total value', 'security services', 'Exercise', 'Gallarate', 'Ticker', 'TWL', 'TRWAF', 'travelers', 'Company', 'month', 'August', 'result', 'ISIN', 'price', 'date', 'issuance', 'circulation', 'December', 'terms', 'certification', 'change', 'Monday', 'September', 'information', 'website', 'BIT', '133 stores', '38 airports', '13 countries', '200 staff', 'portfolio', '25 years', 'experience', 'spending', 'wellness']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
29655,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2736020/0/en/Tarkett-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-in-Tarkett-s-share-capital-as-of-August-31-2023.html,Tarkett- Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of August  31  2023,PARIS  FRANCE  September  1st  2023 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of August  31  2023 ......,PARIS  FRANCE  September  1st  2023 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of August  31  2023(Article L233-8-II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers)Date Total number of shares in the share capital Total number of voting rights As of August  31  202365 550 281Number of theoretical voting rights:123 358 473 Number of exercisable voting rights:122 969 163** After deduction of the treasury shares without voting rights.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build ‘The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Information', 'shares', 'Tarkett', 'August', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'French Commercial Code', 'marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'Euronext regulated market', '25 R&D centers', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'worldwide leader', 'sustainable flooring', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'The Way', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'total number', 'The Group', 'treasury shares', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'September', 'Information', 'August', 'Article', 'Date', 'deduction', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'tarkett-group', 'Attachment']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29656,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLYMPIQUE-LYONNAIS-GROUPE-42519/news/Olympique-Lyonnais-Groupe-Midfielder-Paul-Akouokou-Signs-with-OL-until-2027-44757409/,Olympique Lyonnais Groupe : Midfielder Paul Akouokou Signs with OL until 2027 -Yesterday at 03:20 pm,(marketscreener.com)  Lyon  September 1  2023.Olympique Lyonnais has announced the arrival of Ivorian international midfielder Paul Akouokou from Real Betis  signing a four-season contract lasting until June 30  2027. The transfer fee stands at €3 million …,"Lyon  September 1  2023.Olympique Lyonnais has announced the arrival of Ivorian international midfielder Paul Akouokou from Real Betis  signing a four-season contract lasting until June 30  2027. The transfer fee stands at €3 million  with an additional 20% interest on any potential transfer profit.Born in Abidjan  Paul Akouokou joined Real Betis in 2018 and initially played for the reserve team before progressing to the senior squad  making his debut in La Liga in September 2020. At 25 years old  the Ivorian international (4 caps) has participated in 44 matches across all competitions with the Andalusian club  including the last two Europa League campaigns and winning the Copa del Rey in 2022.An athletic midfielder  strong in duels  and highly proficient in aerial situations  Paul Akouokou meets several criteria identified by Laurent Blanc and his coaching staff for the defensive midfield position.OL GROUPETel: +33 (0)4 81 07 55 00Fax: +33 (0)4 81 07 45 65Email: investisseurs@ol.frwww.ol.fr Euronext Paris - Segment CIndices: CAC Small – CAC Mid & Small – CAC All-Tradable – CAC All-Share – CAC Consumer DiscretionaryISIN code: FR0010428771Reuters: OLG.PABloomberg: OLG FPICB: 40501030 Recreational servicesThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m25skZVsl5eYmZxuY5dumZZsnJlhl2fKmWTJm2doasyYmmplmZhimcXIZnFimm1n- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81581-olg-01092023-transfert-de-akouokou-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Olympique Lyonnais Groupe', 'Midfielder Paul Akouokou', '03:20', 'last two Europa League campaigns', 'Ivorian international (4 caps', 'Copa del Rey', 'defensive midfield position', 'Segment C Indices', 'original press release', 'Ivorian international midfielder', 'potential transfer profit', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'transfer fee', 'athletic midfielder', 'other releases', 'Olympique Lyonnais', 'Real Betis', 'four-season contract', 'additional 20% interest', 'reserve team', 'senior squad', 'La Liga', 'aerial situations', 'several criteria', 'Laurent Blanc', 'coaching staff', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OLG.PA', 'OLG FP', 'Recreational services', 'Paul Akouokou', 'Regulated information', 'OL GROUPE', 'CAC Consumer', 'September', 'arrival', 'June', 'Abidjan', 'debut', '44 matches', 'competitions', 'club', 'duels', 'Tel', 'Fax', 'Email', 'investisseurs', 'fr', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'ICB', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'transfert', 'company', '4 81']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
29657,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEEZER-139917626/news/Deezer-becomes-the-official-music-streaming-partner-as-Mercado-Libre-launches-new-subscription-pro-44754136/,Deezer : becomes the official music streaming partner as Mercado Libre launches new subscription program Meli+ -Yesterday at 07:56 am,(marketscreener.com)   Deezer becomes the official music streaming partner as Mercado Libre launches new subscription program Meli+   In amping up its partnership with LATAM's leading e-retailer and one of TIME100 Most   Influential companies in 2023 …,"Deezer becomes the official music streaming partner as Mercado Libre launches new subscription program Meli+ In amping up its partnership with LATAM's leading e-retailer and one of TIME100 Most Influential companies in 2023  Deezer's premium subscription is now available to millions of people in Brazil and Mexico as one of the main benefits of Meli+ Paris  August 31st  2023 - Deezer (Paris Euronext: DEEZR)  the global music streaming platform  is expanding its partnership with Mercado Libre (NASDAQ: MELI)  the leading Latin American e-commerce platform  present in 18 countries with 100+ million unique active users. In joining Mercado Libre for the launch of Meli+  Deezer continues its strategic partnership-led expansion across the world. E-commerceis one of many industries where Deezer is bringing outstanding music experiences to its partners' customers and keeps growing its subscriber base as a result. Meli+ is an all-inclusive retail and entertainment subscription service  which is now introduced in Mercado Libre's main markets Brazil and Mexico. It includes a full year of premium music streaming from Deezer  with more than 120 million tracks  as well as signature features like Flow  SongCatcher and music quizzes. In addition to Deezer  the Meli+ program includes free shipping to a wide range of eligible products  as well as access to several VOD services. ""Launching Meli+ is a landmark achievement for Mercado Libre and Deezer is playing an essential role in one of the world's most complete entertainment and retail subscriptions "" said Sean Summers  Chief Marketing Officer at Mercado Libre. ""Our subscribers will now be ableto enjoy their favorite artists and discover new music experiences on a world-class streaming platform. I have no doubt that our subscribers will love what Deezer has to offer."" ""Our connection to Latin America is solid  especially with our strong market position in Brazil  and we can't wait for more people to enjoy their favorite music on Deezer through Meli+ "" said Stephane Rougeot  Deputy CEO  Deezer. ""Music engages people in powerful ways and can greatly enhance customer connection to a brand  which makes Deezer and Meli+ a perfect match. We are very proud to be a part of this momentous launch. It's another great step for us in executing on our partnership strategy by delivering fantastic music experiences to new fans. With relatively low market penetration for premium music streaming in LATAM  the launch of Meli+ with Deezer holds new growth opportunities  not only for us and Mercado Libre  but for the entire music industry."" Mercado Libre is on a mission to democratize e-commerce in Latin America and has a joint ambition with Deezer to do the same for music streaming through Meli+. Around 13% of the population in Brazil and Mexico were subscribing to a premium music streaming service in 2022 (Source: MIDIA)  which is substantially lower than in Europe (28%) and the US (43%). With Deezer as a key benefit of Meli+  millions of people in Brazil and Mexico will have the opportunity to gain premium access to one of the world's best music streaming experiences.",neutral,0.22,0.76,0.02,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['official music streaming partner', 'new subscription program', 'Mercado Libre', 'Deezer', 'Meli+', '07', '56', '100+ million unique active users', 'leading Latin American e-commerce platform', 'TIME100 Most Influential companies', 'official music streaming partner', 'global music streaming platform', 'best music streaming experiences', 'premium music streaming service', 'world-class streaming platform', 'outstanding music experiences', 'fantastic music experiences', 'strategic partnership-led expansion', 'several VOD services', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'strong market position', 'low market penetration', 'new music experiences', 'entire music industry', 'new growth opportunities', 'entertainment subscription service', 'new subscription program', 'leading e-retailer', '120 million tracks', 'premium subscription', 'music quizzes', 'favorite music', 'new fans', 'complete entertainment', 'premium access', 'Mercado Libre', 'main benefits', 'Paris Euronext', 'many industries', ""partners' customers"", 'subscriber base', 'inclusive retail', 'main markets', 'full year', 'signature features', 'free shipping', 'wide range', 'eligible products', 'landmark achievement', 'essential role', 'retail subscriptions', 'Sean Summers', 'favorite artists', 'Stephane Rougeot', 'Deputy CEO', 'powerful ways', 'perfect match', 'great step', 'joint ambition', 'key benefit', 'Meli+ program', 'customer connection', 'momentous launch', 'partnership strategy', 'Meli+ Paris', 'Launching Meli+', 'Deezer', 'LATAM', 'millions', 'people', 'Brazil', 'Mexico', 'DEEZR', 'NASDAQ', '18 countries', 'result', 'Flow', 'SongCatcher', 'addition', 'subscribers', 'doubt', 'brand', 'mission', 'population', 'MIDIA', 'Europe', 'opportunity']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
29658,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2735777/0/en/Spanish-food-technology-company-Nortem-applies-to-list-on-the-Paris-stock-exchange.html,Spanish food technology company Nortem applies to list on the Paris stock exchange,EL PUERTO DE SANTA MARIA  Spain  Sept. 01  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish food technology company  Nortem BioGroup  has applied for listing on the Paris Stock Exchange with a view to becoming a listed company in the next few weeks  thus reinforcing its posi…,"EL PUERTO DE SANTA MARIA  Spain  Sept. 01  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish food technology company  Nortem BioGroup  has applied for listing on the Paris Stock Exchange with a view to becoming a listed company in the next few weeks  thus reinforcing its position as a leader in the sustainable food sector.With sales spanning seven European nations  Nortem sells its product catalogue online to more than half a million consumers. It had a turnover of more than seven million euros last year  mainly through Amazon (AMZN).Specialising in the development of functional supplements and products that promote human well-being  Nortem operates as a holding company and currently controls five different brands of organic products and materials: Nortembio  NaturalPharma Laboratories  Luxury & Grace  Ecodescalk and LG Health iSystems.Seventy percent of its products are certified organic and meet the highest quality and food safety standards  as well as CAAE and Euroleaf certifications  among others.Its IPO process began 18 months ago and the company expects  following the eventual approval by the Euronext Admissions Committee  to start trading this month.José Luis Vázquez  founder and president of Nortem BioGroup  explained that ""For Nortem  this is a crucial moment. The future listing in Paris endorses our passion for innovation and sustainability in food technology  for improving people's lives by developing projects that are healthy and for driving our vision for the future.""Today  the company has a team of 35 specialists  20 percent of whom are focused on R&D.More than 30 percent of the company's revenue is spent on research and development  which is carried out from the company's 5 000 square metre facilities in Puerto de Santa María  which will be expanded in the coming months.Vázquez said: ""This is a transformational moment for Nortembio and the decision to go public underlines our commitment to innovation and sustainability in the field of bio-food technology. We are proud to be a leader in organic and natural products  and this new stage of our growth will allow us to advance our mission of promoting wellbeing and environmental responsibility.""Nortem operates as a biotech investment company  with an aggressive brand and product development strategy that it hopes to reinforce. It champions the cause of promoting sustainable food choices  innovative supplements and potent probiotics  all in line with the brand's commitment to environmental protection and human health.""Listing on the Paris Stock Exchange is not just a business milestone; it is a testament to our vision and the values we hold dear. We hope that this strategic decision will allow the company to expand its production capacity and soon reach anywhere in the world "" explained Vazquez.Euronext is the pan-European stock exchange  created to foster collaboration between European capital markets. It includes the stock exchanges of Paris  Oslo  Dublin  Milan  Brussels  Amsterdam  Lisbon  and the London futures market.The company is being advised on the transaction by Solventis.Contacts:Pedrosa IRir@pedrosa.uk",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['Spanish food technology company Nortem', 'Paris stock exchange', 'list', 'Puerto de Santa María', 'half a million consumers', 'José Luis Vázquez', 'Spanish food technology company', 'EL PUERTO DE', 'seven million euros', 'sustainable food sector', 'seven European nations', 'five different brands', 'food safety standards', '5,000 square metre facilities', 'sustainable food choices', 'European capital markets', 'London futures market', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'LG Health iSystems', 'Euronext Admissions Committee', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'biotech investment company', 'product development strategy', 'SANTA MARIA', 'stock exchanges', 'bio-food technology', 'product catalogue', 'human health', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'functional supplements', 'human well-being', 'NaturalPharma Laboratories', 'highest quality', 'Euroleaf certifications', 'IPO process', 'eventual approval', 'crucial moment', 'R&D', 'coming months', 'transformational moment', 'new stage', 'environmental responsibility', 'innovative supplements', 'potent probiotics', 'environmental protection', 'business milestone', 'production capacity', 'Pedrosa IR', 'holding company', 'natural products', 'aggressive brand', 'strategic decision', 'Nortem BioGroup', 'Seventy percent', 'organic products', 'future listing', '20 percent', '30 percent', 'Spain', 'view', 'weeks', 'position', 'leader', 'sales', 'turnover', 'Amazon', 'AMZN', 'materials', 'Nortembio', 'Luxury', 'Grace', 'Ecodescalk', 'CAAE', 'others', 'founder', 'president', 'passion', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'people', 'lives', 'projects', 'vision', 'team', '35 specialists', 'More', 'revenue', 'research', 'commitment', 'field', 'growth', 'wellbeing', 'cause', 'line', 'testament', 'values', 'world', 'Vazquez', 'collaboration', 'Oslo', 'Dublin', 'Milan', 'Brussels', 'Amsterdam', 'Lisbon', 'transaction', 'Solventis', 'Contacts']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29659,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC-44756939/,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – September 1  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV   a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular reti…,Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – September 1  2023 – 7.00PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on September 1  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of August 28  2023  it held 0 shares of the then outstanding 2 278 608 378 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of the acquisition and sale of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.34,0.45,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', '7.00PM CET Oxurion NV', 'next generation standard', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 2,278,608,378 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '0 shares', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'September', 'LLC', 'August', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'acquisition', 'sale', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '32']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
29660,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLYMPIQUE-LYONNAIS-GROUPE-42519/news/Olympique-Lyonnais-Groupe-TRANSFER-OF-BRADLEY-BARCOLA-TO-PARIS-SAINT-GERMAIN-44753274/,Olympique Lyonnais Groupe : TRANSFER OF BRADLEY BARCOLA TO PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN -Yesterday at 06:30 am,(marketscreener.com)  Lyon  August 31  2023.Olympique Lyonnais has announced the transfer of Bradley Barcola to Paris Saint-Germain for a fee of €45 million  with the potential for an additional €5 million in bonuses.The U21 international forward had expr…,"Lyon  August 31  2023.Olympique Lyonnais has announced the transfer of Bradley Barcola to Paris Saint-Germain for a fee of €45 million  with the potential for an additional €5 million in bonuses.The U21 international forward had expressed his desire  through his representatives  to join PSG for several weeks.A product of our youth academy  Bradley Barcola has proudly worn the OL jersey at every level  from U8s up until September 14  2021  when he signed his first professional contract  that he would later extend until 2026.The young international striker has made 47 professional appearances  including 23 in the latter part of the previous season  during which he was particularly prolific  scoring 7 goals and providing 10 assists. These noteworthy performances earned him his first call-up on March 25  2023  to the French U21 national team  with which he brilliantly showcased his skills during the European Championship held in June (2 goals - 2 assists).Olympique Lyonnais wishes to congratulate Bradley Barcola for his entire journey with OL.OL GROUPETel: +33 (0)4 81 07 55 00Fax: +33 (0)4 81 07 45 65Email: investisseurs@ol.frwww.ol.frEuronext Paris - Segment CIndices: CAC Small – CAC Mid & Small – CAC All-Tradable – CAC All-Share – CAC Consumer DiscretionaryISIN code: FR0010428771Reuters: OLG.PABloomberg: OLG FPICB: 40501030 Recreational servicesThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mp1rYMlvk2/HlptplJdqbmGYl29immeWbZKayZJvaMuZnJ9immZhbZiZZnFimmtv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81569-olg-310823-transfert-bradley-barcola-gb.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.6,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['Olympique Lyonnais Groupe', 'BRADLEY BARCOLA', 'PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN', 'TRANSFER', '06:30', 'French U21 national team', 'The U21 international', 'young international striker', 'Segment C Indices', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'first professional contract', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', '47 professional appearances', 'first call', 'other releases', 'Olympique Lyonnais', 'Paris Saint-Germain', 'several weeks', 'youth academy', 'latter part', 'previous season', 'noteworthy performances', 'European Championship', 'entire journey', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OLG.PA', 'OLG FP', 'Recreational services', 'OL jersey', 'OL GROUPE', 'Bradley Barcola', 'Regulated information', 'CAC Consumer', 'ol.fr', 'transfer', 'fee', 'potential', 'bonuses', 'desire', 'representatives', 'PSG', 'product', 'level', 'U8s', 'September', '7 goals', '10 assists', 'March', 'skills', 'June', '2 assists', 'Tel', 'Fax', 'Email', 'investisseurs', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'ICB', 'publication', '2/HlptplJdqbmGYl29immeWbZKayZJvaMuZnJ9immZhbZiZZnFimmtv', 'Full', 'PDF', 'company', '4 81']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
29661,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2736200/0/en/Fnac-Darty-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-at-31-August-2023.html,Fnac Darty: Information on the total number of voting rights and shares at 31 August 2023,Ivry  1 September 2023  Regulated information  INFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES  Statement in compliance with article L....,Ivry  1 September 2023Regulated informationINFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESStatement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial code and article 223- 16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des marchés financiers)Stock Market Euronext ParisISIN Code FR0011476928DateTotal number of shares composing the share capital of the company Total number of gross voting rightsTotal number of net voting rights (*) 31/08/2023 27 778 578 27 778 578 27 628 719(*) Net = After deduction of the shares deprived of voting rightIn accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  any physical or legal person  acting alone or in concert  who comes to hold  or ceases to hold  directly or indirectly  a percentage of the company's capital or voting rights equal to or greater than 3% or any multiple of 1% above 3%  is required to inform the company by registered letter with return receipt requested within the time limit provided for in Article R. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  as of today  at the latest before the close of trading on the fourth trading day following the day on which the shareholding threshold is crossed).Under the terms of the twentieth resolution of the General Meeting of 29 May 2015  it was decided not to grant any double voting rights as instituted by law 2014-384 of 29 March 2014.CONTACTANALYSTS /INVESTORS investisseurs@fnacdarty.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['Fnac Darty', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', '31 August', 'Stock Market Euronext Paris', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French commercial code', 'marchés financiers', 'gross voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net voting rights', 'fourth trading day', 'ISIN Code', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'General Regulation', 'legal person', 'return receipt', 'time limit', 'shareholding threshold', 'twentieth resolution', 'General Meeting', 'Regulated information', 'article L.', 'share capital', 'Article R.', '29 March', 'Ivry', '1 September', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Statement', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'Date', 'company', 'deduction', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'physical', 'concert', 'percentage', 'letter', 'today', 'close', 'terms', '29 May', 'law', 'CONTACT', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'Attachment']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29662,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2736244/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-Atlas.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from Atlas,Regulated Information - Denominator  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 10 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 250 000 capital......,Regulated Information - DenominatorAtlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 10 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 250 000 capital increase. This is part of Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC’s EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – September 1  2023 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 166 370 896 new ordinary shares on August 31  2023  for a total amount of EUR 250 000  as the result of the conversion of 10 convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 2 444 979 274 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 2 278 608 378 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 82 456 161.32Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 2 444 979 274 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 2 444 979 274 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 590 500 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 590 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);972 250 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 972 250 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);532 500 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 532 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);604 405 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 604 405 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);162 convertible bonds issued on March 14  2023  April 20  2023  May 22  2023  June 15  2023  and August 10  2023  entitling its holder  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC  to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds pursuant to the Subscription Agreement entered into between the Company and Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC on March 1  2023; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021 (as amended from time to time).ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.com1 Press release Oxurion  02/03/2023Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.38,0.41,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'Atlas', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'EUR 250,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential new standard', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Such forward-looking statements', '166,370,896 new ordinary shares', '2,444,979,274 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Share capital', 'regulated market', 'new information', '10 convertible bonds', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', '162 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'voting rights', '590,500 subscription rights', 'Regulated Information', 'total number', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Subscription Agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'LLC', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'September', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'August', 'result', 'conversion', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'March', 'June', 'terms', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'time', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', '07.00']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29663,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2736247/0/en/Weekly-Report-August-25-31-2023-on-the-Second-Tranche-of-Stellantis-Share-Buyback-Program.html,Weekly Report (August 25-31  2023) on the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,Weekly Report (August 25-31  2023) on the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program  AMSTERDAM  September 1  2023 - Stellantis N.V....,Weekly Report (August 25-31  2023) on the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  September 1  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its Second Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on June 7  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between June 7  2023 and September 7  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between August 25 up to and including August 31  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 25/08/2023 210 648 €16.6905 €3 515 813 MILE 25/08/2023 53 089 €16.6991 €886 536 CEUX 25/08/2023 6 263 €16.7208 €104 722 TQEX 28/08/2023 76 308 €16.8759 €1 287 769 MILE 28/08/2023 9 723 €16.8882 €164 204 CEUX 28/08/2023 3 969 €16.8396 €66 836 TQEX 29/08/2023 119 034 €17.0473 €2 029 206 MILE 29/08/2023 9 199 €17.0677 €157 006 CEUX 29/08/2023 10 767 €17.0600 €183 685 TQEX 30/08/2023 244 574 €17.1930 €4 204 959 MILE 30/08/2023 57 031 €17.2021 €981 052 CEUX 30/08/2023 28 395 €17.2110 €488 705 TQEX 31/08/2023 228 089 €17.1722 €3 916 785 MILE 31/08/2023 118 874 €17.1697 €2 041 035 CEUX 31/08/2023 43 037 €17.1718 €739 025 TQEX Total 1 219 000 €17.0364 €20 767 337Since June 7  2023 up to and including August 31  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 28 527 421 common shares for a total consideration of €463 893 052.As of August 31  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 61.777.233 common shares equal to 1.95% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.2,0.43,0.37,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'Second Tranche', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'special voting shares', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'innovative, attractive products', 'global financial markets', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Weekly Report', 'Second Tranche', 'common shares', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'total consideration', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'TQEX Total', 'AMSTERDAM', 'June', 'period', 'September', 'August', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'MILE', 'CEUX', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'info', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'plan', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'regulations', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'investigations']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29664,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Weekly-Report-August-25-31-2023-on-the-Second-Tranche-of-Stellantis-Share-Buyback-Program-44756973/,Weekly Report (August 25-31  2023) on the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program -Yesterday at 01:02 pm,(marketscreener.com) Weekly Report on the Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  September 1  2023 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that pursuant to its Second Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on June 7  2023  covering up…,Weekly Report(August 25-31  2023) onthe Second Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  September 1  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its Second Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on June 7  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between June 7  2023 and September 7  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between August 25 up to and including August 31  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 25/08/2023 210 648 €16.6905 €3 515 813 MILE 25/08/2023 53 089 €16.6991 €886 536 CEUX 25/08/2023 6 263 €16.7208 €104 722 TQEX 28/08/2023 76 308 €16.8759 €1 287 769 MILE 28/08/2023 9 723 €16.8882 €164 204 CEUX 28/08/2023 3 969 €16.8396 €66 836 TQEX 29/08/2023 119 034 €17.0473 €2 029 206 MILE 29/08/2023 9 199 €17.0677 €157 006 CEUX 29/08/2023 10 767 €17.0600 €183 685 TQEX 30/08/2023 244 574 €17.1930 €4 204 959 MILE 30/08/2023 57 031 €17.2021 €981 052 CEUX 30/08/2023 28 395 €17.2110 €488 705 TQEX 31/08/2023 228 089 €17.1722 €3 916 785 MILE 31/08/2023 118 874 €17.1697 €2 041 035 CEUX 31/08/2023 43 037 €17.1718 €739 025 TQEX Total 1 219 000 €17.0364 €20 767 337Since June 7  2023 up to and including August 31  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 28 527 421 common shares for a total consideration of €463 893 052.As of August 31  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 61.777.233 common shares equal to 1.95% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP)is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Itsstoried and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.2,0.43,0.37,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'Second Tranche', '01:02', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'special voting shares', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'innovative, attractive products', 'global financial markets', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Weekly Report', 'Second Tranche', 'common shares', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'total consideration', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'TQEX Total', 'AMSTERDAM', 'June', 'period', 'September', 'August', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'MILE', 'CEUX', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'info', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'plan', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'regulations', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'investigations']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
29665,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2736212/0/en/BGHL-GBP-Estimated-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): Estimated NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares       The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/08/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8081 £ 23.8141 Estimated MTD return 1.76 % 1.90 % Estimated YTD return -3.46 % -2.51 % Estimated ITD return 168.08 % 138.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29666,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2736214/0/en/BGHL-EUR-Estimated-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): Estimated NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares       The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/08/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8081 £ 23.8141 Estimated MTD return 1.76 % 1.90 % Estimated YTD return -3.46 % -2.51 % Estimated ITD return 168.08 % 138.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29667,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-announces-change-in-R-D-leadership-Howard-Mayer-to-retire-succeeded-by-Christelle-Huguet-44748936/,Ipsen announces change in R&D leadership: Howard Mayer to retire  succeeded by Christelle Huguet -Yesterday at 01:01 am,(marketscreener.com)  PARIS  FRANCE  1 September 2023 – Ipsen   a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company  announced today the appointment of Christelle Huguet as Executive Vice President  Head of Research and Development. She will succeed Howard Ma…,PARIS  FRANCE  1 September 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company  announced today the appointment of Christelle Huguet as Executive Vice President  Head of Research and Development. She will succeed Howard Mayer  EVP and Head of R&D  who will leave Ipsen on September 22  following his decision to retire.Christelle Huguet will serve on the Executive Leadership Team (ELT)  reporting directly to Ipsen’s Chief Executive Officer  David Loew and immediately succeeding Howard upon his departure. Since joining Ipsen in May 2020 as Senior Vice President and Head of Research  External Innovation and Early Development (REED)  she has built a lean and dynamic global REED organization supporting Ipsen’s three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience  from target to clinic.“I am very pleased that Christelle will join Ipsen’s Executive Leadership team as we continue to successfully deliver on our strategic roadmap. Christelle’s deep experience  spanning discovery and development  will be essential to advance our pipeline and drive positive developments from external innovation. This experience  coupled with her passion and leadership style of developing people  will ensure a smooth transition as she assumes her new role ” said David Loew  CEO  Ipsen.“I also want to thank Howard for his significant contributions to Ipsen. Over the last four years he built a strong R&D leadership team  which led a deep review of the pipeline  prioritized disease areas  and identified strategic programs and opportunities. Howard was also instrumental in Ipsen’s success from a Business Development and M&A perspective over the last several years  and he played a pivotal role in the acquisitions and integrations of Epizyme and Albireo into Ipsen. He has remained personally committed to bringing much-needed innovation to patients throughout his distinguished career.”Christelle brings depth and expertise  with over 25 years of biotech and industry experience spanning drug discovery and development from the early phases of drug discovery to the identification and early clinical development of small molecules and biologics up to Phase IIb. Prior to joining Ipsen in  Christelle was Chief Scientific Officer for X-Chem Inc & ZebiAI Therapeutics  where she built an internal portfolio of oncology programs and implemented the use of advanced machine learning to DNA-encoded library data analysis. Prior to X-Chem  she was the head of internal research at Alexion  where she focused on rare diseases. Earlier in her career  she spent 18 years at Pfizer in a number of senior leadership roles in research and pre-clinical development  including CSO for GU disease  Global Head of PK  PD and Metabolism  and CSO for inflammation and immunology.“I know firsthand that our R&D organization is committed to Ipsen’s ambitious innovation agenda ” said Christelle Huguet. “I’m honored to lead this talented team to continue to bring much-needed new medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience  where we can make a meaningful impact for patients and society.”Christelle studied in France  Germany and Switzerland  receiving a French University Diploma in Technology (DUT) in applied biology and biochemistry  and a European Engineering degree in biotechnology sciences. She received a Ph.D. in molecular and cellular biology from the Institute Pasteur in France. Christelle will continue to be based in Cambridge  Massachusetts  one of Ipsen’s four global hubs  and will assume her new role from 22 September 2023.ENDSAbout IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 300 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comFor further information:ContactsInvestorsCraig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193 Nicolas BoglerSenior Manager  Investor Relations+33 6 52 19 98 92MediaAmy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy& Communications+41 79 576 07 23Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .Attachment,neutral,0.29,0.68,0.02,mixed,0.66,0.2,0.14,True,English,"['R&D leadership', 'Howard Mayer', 'Christelle Huguet', 'Ipsen', 'change', '01', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'strong R&D leadership team', 'DNA-encoded library data analysis', 'Craig Marks Vice President', 'global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company', 'global, mid-sized biopharmaceutical company', 'Executive Vice President', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'R&D organization', 'Senior Vice President', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'M&A perspective', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'advanced machine learning', 'French University Diploma', 'European Engineering degree', 'differentiated technological platforms', 'senior leadership roles', 'four global hubs', 'three therapeutic areas', 'Corporate Brand Strategy', 'global REED organization', 'last four years', 'last several years', 'ambitious innovation agenda', 'Global Media Relations', 'early clinical development', 'talented team', 'leadership style', 'Ph.D.', 'disease areas', 'life-science hubs', 'Senior Manager', 'early phases', 'external-innovation strategy', 'Investor Relations', 'management strategy', 'Global Head', 'Early Development', 'David Loew', 'External Innovation', 'Rare Disease', 'strategic roadmap', 'positive developments', 'smooth transition', 'new role', 'significant contributions', 'deep review', 'strategic programs', 'pivotal role', 'small molecules', 'Phase IIb', 'ZebiAI Therapeutics', 'internal portfolio', 'GU disease', 'meaningful impact', 'applied biology', 'biotechnology sciences', 'cellular biology', 'Institute Pasteur', 'total sales', 'leading biotechnological', 'U.K.', 'U.S.', 'Nicolas Bogler', 'Amy Wolf', 'Ioana Piscociu', 'looking statements', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'actual results', 'Business Development', 'pre-clinical development', 'development efforts', 'deep experience', 'industry experience', 'drug discovery', 'new medicines', 'transformative medicines', 'distinguished career', 'X-Chem Inc', 'unknown risks', 'Christelle Huguet', 'Howard Mayer', 'oncology programs', 'internal research', '25 years', '18 years', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '1 September', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'appointment', 'EVP', 'decision', 'ELT', 'departure', 'lean', 'dynamic', 'Neuroscience', 'target', 'pipeline', 'passion', 'people', 'CEO', 'opportunities', 'success', 'acquisitions', 'integrations', 'Epizyme', 'Albireo', 'patients', 'depth', 'expertise', 'identification', 'biologics', 'use', 'Alexion', 'Pfizer', 'number', 'CSO', 'PK', 'PD', 'Metabolism', 'inflammation', 'immunology', 'society', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'DUT', 'biochemistry', 'molecular', 'Cambridge', '22 September', 'ENDS', 'FY', '100 countries', 'innovative', 'heart', 'Oxford', 'Shanghai', 'China', '5,300 colleagues', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Investors', 'Communications', 'forward', 'objectives', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
29668,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2735780/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8478 £ 23.8493 Estimated MTD return 1.91 % 2.05 % Estimated YTD return -3.32 % -2.36 % Estimated ITD return 168.48 % 138.49 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -12.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.04 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.6197 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.4052The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29669,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/01/2735779/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8478 £ 23.8493 Estimated MTD return 1.91 % 2.05 % Estimated YTD return -3.32 % -2.36 % Estimated ITD return 168.48 % 138.49 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -12.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.04 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.6197 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.4052The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,globenewswire.com
29670,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HECKLER-KOCH-AG-23171142/news/Heckler-Koch-Second-quarter-2023-44752138/,Heckler & Koch : Second quarter 2023 -Yesterday at 04:06 am,(marketscreener.com)   SECURITY REF. ISIN: DE000A11Q133   H&K AG   QUARTERLY REPORT   Results for the   six-month period to June 30  2023     About HK   We are a leading defence contractor in the small arms sector of the...https://www.ma…,"SECURITY REF. ISIN: DE000A11Q133 H&K AG QUARTERLY REPORT Results for the six-month period to June 30  2023About HK We are a leading defence contractor in the small arms sector of the European NATO defence industry. We design  produce and distribute small arms  including rifles  side arms  fully automatic weapons and grenade launchers  and a variety of other related products. We supply the armed forces of NATO and its allies and many law enforcement agencies. We have been in operation for more than 70 years and have a strong history of design innovation. We have a strong management team and a highly skilled work force. Our brand name  Heckler & Koch  is well respected and our products are widely considered to be of the highest quality. Our sales strategy remains focussed on so-called ""Green Countries""; the ""Green Country Strategy"" is a self-imposed filter to the member countries of NATO  the EU and the NATO-equivalent countries (Switzerland  New Zealand  Australia  Japan). In addition to these  for countries that are classed as partners by the German government  deliveries may be approved on a case-by-case basis. This ""Green Country Strategy"" is not only fully in line with the laws  regulations  requirements and restrictions that the German Government has issued for defence exports but goes significantly further. The focus on ""Green Countries"" since 2016 has stabilised the Group's forecasting and delivery capabilities. For more information  please visit our web site: www.heckler-koch.com Analysts  investors  media and others seeking financial and general information  please contact: Investor Relations E-mail:info.ir@heckler-koch-de.com Public Relations E-mail:presse@heckler-koch-de.com Note regarding forward-looking statements This report includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates "" ""expects "" ""intends "" ""may "" ""will"" or ""should"" or  in each case  their negative  or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans or intentions. These forward-looking statements include statements that are not statements of historical facts and relate to our current intentions  beliefs or expectations concerning  among other things  our results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which we operate. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this report  in statements made by HK representatives in their presentations or in a ""Question and Answer"" period following such presentations. In addition  even if our results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this report  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or publicly revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the above cautionary statements. 01.09.2023 1Results as at and for the six-month period ended June 30  2023 Chief Executive Officer Dr Jens Bodo Koch and Chief Financial Officer Dr Björn Krönert commented: Sales in the first half of 2023 were €150 million  a decrease of €6 million compared to the first half of 2022 with lower sales in the US being partially compensated by higher sales in Germany and the UK. We generated €31.7 million EBITDA in the half-year  a decrease of €7.6 million compared to H1 2022  including €2.7 million for the retirement of capitalised development costs relating to projects that were cancelled due to changed conditions. The Group continues to generate positive earnings after tax. Cash and cash equivalents decreased by €7 million during the half-year with  in particular  net cash outflows for higher inventory and capex levels (including €2.5 million for land purchased in Germany) being partly compensated for by the net proceeds from the capital increase described below. In May 2023 H&K AG was able to successfully implement a rights issue and associated debt-equity swap. As part of the capital increase  €95 million hybrid loans from two shareholders were contributed as contributions in kind and thus converted into legal equity of the Company. As a result of the capital increase  the Company's share capital was increased by €7.8 million to €35.5 million by issuing new no-par value bearer shares in the Company with the same dividend rights as all other outstanding ordinary shares of the Company  including full dividend rights for the financial year ended December 31  2022. In line with an external valuation of the Company  the new shares were priced at €13.40 per share (a 78% increase over the price determined for the 2017 rights issue); €1.00 per share was recognised in share capital and the balance in additional paid in capital. The capital increase was entered in the commercial register on May 17  2023 and the new shares were included in the existing price fixing on Euronext Access Paris on May 19  2023. Overall  the subscription rate for all new shares offered was 99.3%; this significantly exceeded our expectations. We would like to thank our shareholders for their participation in the capital increase and the confidence they have thus shown in the Company. The gross proceeds from the cash capital increase amounted to €10.1 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the capital increase for investments in production facilities and infrastructure at its site in Oberndorf am Neckar. Both the significant improvement in the legal equity base  as a result of the conversion of the hybrid loans  and the new cash received by the Company will enable the Company in the coming periods to continue on the successful course of recent years. As described in the 2022 annual accounts  the hybrid lenders' entitlement to interest only applies if the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of H&K AG resolves to distribute dividends to ordinary shareholders relating to the corresponding business year. The AGM in June 2023 resolved dividends relating to 2022 and consequently the hybrid lenders' entitlements to interest relating to 2022 were also recognised in June 2023. The dividends resolved were paid to shareholders in June 2023 (€1.4 million). During its session on December 14  2022  the Budget Committee of the German Parliament approved funds for the successor to the G36 assault rifle. The ""System Assault Rifle Bundeswehr""  a new assault rifle from Heckler & Koch GmbH based on the HK416 A8  will replace the G36 as the standard assault rifle for the German Army. The first test weapons will be made available in 2023; series production is planned for 2025. The selection decision was actually made in the Spring of 2021  however review proceedings against the decision initiated by an unsuccessful tenderer delayed the contract signature. The contract was signed in January 2023. As we commented previously  the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 has made it clear that the defence industry is crucial when it comes to maintaining and defending democracy  liberty and human rights. This has led to a paradigm shift in Germany. A few days after the beginning of the war  German Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced that a special fund would be set up; this fund together with the annual budget allocations are to be used for necessary investments and armament projects of the German Armed Forces. In addition  he announced that the defence budget would be permanently increased to ""more than two percent"" of the gross domestic product. Other nations have similar programmes to improve their defence capabilities  in some cases long-standing and also as a result of the current situation. Inflation has started to affect our suppliers and consequently their prices 01.09.2023 2to us; we are able to pass on some of these effects to our customers where we have price escalation clauses in our existing sales contracts and are taking this into account when pricing new contracts. Guidance: In Q3 2023  as usual given the holiday period  we currently expect to achieve slightly lower net sales and EBITDA than in Q2 2023. Net working capital is currently expected to be at a similar level to the end of Q2 2023; the resulting operating cash flow is currently expected to be negative. In July 2023  with the agreement of all parties  the initial termination date of the CFA was extended by one year  to August 17  2026. In August  in line with the contracted repayment schedule  we repaid €5 million of CFA loan Facility A. Following the exceptionally good results achieved in our financial year 2022  overall we currently expect our net sales and EBITDA for 2023 to be above those achieved in 2021. Note regarding presentation of financial information Some financial information in this report has been rounded and  as a result  the totals in this report may vary slightly from the exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. Certain financial information in this release has been derived from our unaudited  interim  consolidated statements of financial position at June 30  2023 and 2022 and the related unaudited  interim  consolidated statements of income  comprehensive income  equity and cash flows for the six-month periods ended June 30  2023 and 2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS  subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of notes. Attached are our Unaudited  Interim  Consolidated Statement of Financial PositionUnaudited  Interim  Consolidated Income StatementUnaudited  Interim  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive IncomeUnaudited  Interim  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  andUnaudited  Interim  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows with figures determined according to IFRS as at and for the six-month periods to June 30  2023 and 2022. 01.09.2023 3",neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,mixed,0.34,0.29,0.37,True,English,"['Second quarter', 'Heckler', 'Koch', '04:06', 'Dr Björn Krönert', 'H&K AG QUARTERLY REPORT Results', 'many law enforcement agencies', 'Dr Jens Bodo Koch', 'European NATO defence industry', 'leading defence contractor', 'skilled work force', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strong management team', '€95 million hybrid loans', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'small arms sector', 'Green Country Strategy', 'capitalised development costs', 'net cash outflows', 'other related products', 'oral forward-looking statements', 'defence exports', 'strong history', '€31.7 million EBITDA', 'net proceeds', 'side arms', 'other variations', 'other things', 'Green Countries', 'forward-looking terminology', 'SECURITY REF.', 'six-month period', 'automatic weapons', 'grenade launchers', 'armed forces', 'design innovation', 'brand name', 'highest quality', 'sales strategy', 'New Zealand', 'German government', 'delivery capabilities', 'web site', 'Investor Relations', 'Public Relations', 'comparable terminology', 'historical facts', 'financial condition', 'Answer"" period', 'subsequent periods', 'first half', 'changed conditions', 'positive earnings', 'cash equivalents', 'higher inventory', 'capex levels', 'capital increase', 'rights issue', 'debt-equity swap', 'two shareholders', 'legal equity', 'share capital', 'actual results', 'cautionary statements', 'member countries', 'NATO-equivalent countries', 'lower sales', 'higher sales', 'general information', 'future performance', 'new information', 'current intentions', 'HK representatives', 'The Group', 'case basis', 'future events', 'ISIN', 'June', 'rifles', 'variety', 'allies', 'operation', '70 years', 'Heckler', 'Switzerland', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'addition', 'partners', 'deliveries', 'line', 'laws', 'regulations', 'requirements', 'restrictions', 'focus', 'forecasting', 'Analysts', 'investors', 'media', 'others', 'Note', 'use', 'terms', 'negative', 'discussions', 'plans', 'beliefs', 'expectations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'nature', 'risk', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'presentations', 'Question', 'developments', 'obligation', 'written', 'persons', 'behalf', 'entirety', 'decrease', 'Germany', 'UK', 'half-year', 'H1', 'retirement', 'projects', 'tax', 'May', 'associated', 'contributions', 'kind', 'Company']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
29671,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROODMICROTEC-N-V-6435/news/RoodMicrotec-N-Position-Statement-44753873/,RoodMicrotec N : Position Statement -Yesterday at 07:34 am,(marketscreener.com)   POSITION STATEMENT   OF   ROODMICROTEC N.V.   31 August 2023   Regarding the recommended cash offer by Microtest S.p.A. for all issued and   outstanding shares in the capital of RoodMicrotec N.V.   This position...ht…,"POSITION STATEMENT OF ROODMICROTEC N.V. 31 August 2023 Regarding the recommended cash offer by Microtest S.p.A. for all issued and outstanding shares in the capital of RoodMicrotec N.V. This position statement is published in accordance with section 18 paragraph 2 and Annex G of the Dutch Decree on public offers Wft (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) The Extraordinary General Meeting of RoodMicrotec N.V. will be held at 14:00 hours CET on 19 October 2023 at the Amsterdam Stock Exchange (Euronext)  Beursplein 5 in (1012 JW) Amsterdam  the NetherlandsIMPORTANT INFORMATION This position statement (the Position Statement) does not constitute or form part of an offer to any person in any jurisdiction to sell any securities  or a solicitation of an offer to any person in any jurisdiction to purchase or subscribe for any securities. This Position Statement is published by RoodMicrotec N.V. (RoodMicrotec) for the sole purpose of providing information to its shareholders about the public offer (openbaar bod) made by Microtest S.p.A. (the Offeror or Microtest) to all holders of issued and outstanding ordinary shares  with a nominal value of EUR 0.11 (eleven eurocents) each  in the share capital of RoodMicrotec (ordinary shares issued and outstanding from time to time  the Shares and the holders of such Shares from time to time  the Shareholders) to purchase the Shares for cash on the terms of  and subject to the conditions and restrictions set out in  the offer memorandum dated 31 August 2023 (the Offer Memorandum) (the Offer)  as required by article 18  paragraph 2 and Annex G of the Dutch Decree on public offers Wft (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft)  as amended from time to time  the Decree). Information for US Shareholders The Offer is being made for the Shares of RoodMicrotec  a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands  and is subject to Dutch disclosure and procedural requirements  which differ from those of the United States. The financial information of RoodMicrotec included or referred to herein has been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board  as adopted by the European Commission and Part 9 of Book 2 DCC for use in the European Union and  accordingly  may not be comparable to financial information of US companies or companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The Offer is being made in reliance on the exemption from certain requirements of Regulation 14E of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the US Exchange Act)  provided by Rule 14d-1(c) thereunder  and otherwise in accordance with the applicable regulatory requirements in the Netherlands. Accordingly  the Offer will be subject to disclosure and other procedural requirements  including with respect to withdrawal rights  offer timetable  settlement procedures and timing of payments that are different from those applicable under US domestic tender offer procedures and law. Neither the US Securities and Exchange Commission nor any US state securities commission or other regulatory authority has approved or disapproved the Offer  passed upon the fairness or merits of the Offer or provided an opinion as to the accuracy or completeness of this Position Statement or any other documents regarding the Offer. Any representation to the contrary constitutes a criminal offence in the United States. The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a US holder of Shares may be a taxable transaction for US federal income tax purposes and may be a taxable transaction under applicable state and local laws  as well as foreign and other tax laws. Each US holder of Shares is urged to consult his or her independent professional adviser immediately regarding the tax consequences of acceptance of the Offer. 2It may be difficult for US holders of Shares to enforce their rights and any claim arising out of the US federal securities laws  since RoodMicrotec and the Offeror are located in a country other than the United States  and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of a country other than the United States and their respective assets are located primarily outside the United States. US holders of Shares may not be able to sue a non-US company or its officers or directors in a non-US court for violations of the US securities laws. Further  although US holders of Shares do not waive their rights under US federal laws by accepting the Offer  it may be difficult to compel a non-US company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a US court's judgment. As used herein  the United States or the US means the United States of America  its territories and possessions  any state of the United States of America  and the District of Columbia. Furthermore  the payment and settlement procedure with respect to the Offer will comply with the relevant Dutch rules  which differ from US payment and settlement procedures  particularly with regard to the date of payment of consideration. To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulation  including Rule 14e-5 of the US Exchange Act  and in accordance with standard Dutch practice  the Offeror or brokers (acting as agents for the Offeror) may before or during the period in which the Offer remains open for acceptance  directly or indirectly  purchase  or arrange to purchase Shares outside of the United States  from time to time  other than pursuant to the Offer. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of RoodMicrotec  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in the Netherlands  any information about the aforementioned purchases will be announced by way of a press release in accordance with Article 13 of the Decree and made available on the corporate website of the Offeror (https://www.microtest.net/). Restrictions The release  publication or distribution of this Position Statement and any documentation regarding the Offer or the making of the Offer in jurisdictions other than the Netherlands may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Position Statement comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with any such restriction may constitute a violation of the law of any such jurisdiction. Digital copies of this Position Statement are available on the corporate website of RoodMicrotec (https://www.roodmicrotec.com/en/and https://www.roodmicrotec.com/en/investor-relations-en/information-about-the-public-offer-by-microtest-for-roodmicrotec-shares). Forward-looking statements This Position Statement may include ""forward-looking statements"" such as statements relating to the impact of the Transaction (as defined below) on RoodMicrotec and the expected timing and completion of the Offer and the Transaction. Forward-looking statements involve known or unknown risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that all occur in the future. Generally  words such as may  should  aim  will  expect  intend  estimate  anticipate  believe  plan  seek  continue or similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 3speak only as of the date of this Position Statement. Although RoodMicrotec believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  no assurance can be given that such statements will be fulfilled or prove to be correct  and no representations are made as to the future accuracy and completeness of such statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical experience or from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  receipt of regulatory approvals without unexpected delays or conditions  the Offeror's ability to achieve the anticipated results from the acquisition of RoodMicrotec  the effects of competition (in particular the response to the Transaction in the marketplace)  economic conditions in the global markets in which RoodMicrotec operates  and other factors that can be found in RoodMicrotec's press releases and public filings. RoodMicrotec expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based  except as required by the Applicable Laws or by any competent regulatory authority. Governing law and jurisdiction This Position Statement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands. The District Court of Amsterdam (Rechtbank Amsterdam)  the Netherlands  and its appellate courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which might arise out of or in connection with this Position Statement. Accordingly  any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Position Statement must be brought exclusively in such courts. 4",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,negative,0.01,0.18,0.8,True,English,"['RoodMicrotec N', 'Position Statement', '07', 'US federal income tax purposes', 'US domestic tender offer procedures', 'Microtest S.p.A.', 'International Accounting Standards Board', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'public limited liability company', 'US federal securities laws', 'US Securities Exchange Act', 'US state securities commission', 'US federal laws', 'US Exchange Act', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'independent professional adviser', 'other regulatory authority', 'other tax laws', 'relevant Dutch rules', 'US securities laws', 'Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ROODMICROTEC N.V.', 'applicable regulatory requirements', 'other procedural requirements', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Exchange Commission', 'tax consequences', 'US company', 'accounting principles', 'settlement procedures', 'applicable state', 'other documents', 'European Commission', 'local laws', 'US holder', 'US court', 'public offers', 'financial statements', 'US companies', 'US payment', 'financial information', 'Annex G', 'sole purpose', 'openbaar bod', 'nominal value', 'eleven eurocents', 'naamloze vennootschap', 'United States', 'Book 2 DCC', 'European Union', 'Regulation 14E', 'criminal offence', 'taxable transaction', 'respective assets', 'US Shareholders', 'Dutch Decree', 'outstanding shares', 'position statement', 'Dutch disclosure', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'section 18 paragraph', 'biedingen Wft', 'share capital', 'offer memorandum', 'withdrawal rights', 'cash offer', 'accordance', '14:00 hours', '19 October', 'Euronext', 'Beursplein', 'Netherlands', 'part', 'person', 'jurisdiction', 'solicitation', 'Offeror', 'time', 'terms', 'conditions', 'restrictions', 'August', 'article', 'use', 'reliance', 'exemption', 'timing', 'payments', 'fairness', 'merits', 'opinion', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'representation', 'contrary', 'receipt', 'foreign', 'acceptance', 'claim', 'country', 'officers', 'directors', 'residents', 'violations', 'affiliates', 'judgment', 'America', 'territories', 'possessions', 'District', 'Columbia']",2023-09-01,2023-09-02,marketscreener.com
