UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
32131,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASPO-OYJ-1412432/news/Aspo-s-Board-of-Directors-decided-on-the-payment-of-the-second-dividend-installment-45207881/,Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installment,(marketscreener.com) Aspo PlcStock exchange release November 1  2023 at 11:30 a.m.Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installmentThe Board of Directors of Aspo Plc has decided on the payment of the second dividend installme…,Aspo PlcStock exchange releaseNovember 1  2023 at 11:30 a.m.Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installmentThe Board of Directors of Aspo Plc has decided on the payment of the second dividend installment of EUR 0.23 per share  based on the authorization of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting on April 4  2023. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date November 3  2023. The dividend payment date will be November 10  2023. Following the dividend payment  Aspo will have distributed a total dividend of EUR 0.46 per share in 2023 according to the decision of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.Aspo PlcRolf JanssonCEOFor further information  please contact:Arto Meitsalo  CFO of Aspo Plc  +358 40 5511 422  arto.meitsalo@.comDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 800 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.78,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['second dividend installment', 'Aspo', 'Board', 'Directors', 'payment', 'Stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Rolf Jansson CEO', 'second dividend installment', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", ""shareholders' register"", 'total dividend', 'record date', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Key media', 'long term', 'market leaders', 'customer relationships', 'right capabilities', '18 different countries', 'Aspo Plc', 'Arto Meitsalo', 'business operations', 'Aspo Group', 'payment date', 'November', '11:30 a', 'Board', 'Directors', 'authorization', 'April', 'decision', 'information', 'CFO', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'value', 'companies', 'sectors', 'development', 'forerunners', 'sustainability', 'businesses', 'profitability', 'growth', '800 professionals', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32132,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASPO-OYJ-1412432/news/Correction-Aspo-s-Board-of-Directors-decided-on-the-payment-of-the-second-dividend-installment-45214034/,Correction: Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installment -November 01  2023 at 02:16 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Aspo PlcStock exchange release November 1  2023 at 8:15 p.m. Correction: Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installment Aspo Plc corrects the stock exchange release published on November 1  2023  at 11…,Aspo PlcStock exchange releaseNovember 1  2023 at 8:15 p.m.Correction: Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installmentAspo Plc corrects the stock exchange release published on November 1  2023  at 11:30 a.m regarding the payment of the second dividend installment. The corrected release specifies the decision mechanism and  in the Finnish release an incorrect year in connection with the dividend payment date has been corrected. Below is the corrected release in its entirety.Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the second dividend distributionThe Board of Directors of Aspo Plc has decided on the distribution of a second dividend of EUR 0.23 per share  based on the authorization of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting on April 4  2023. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date November 3  2023. The dividend payment date will be November 10  2023. Following the dividend payment  Aspo will have distributed a total dividend of EUR 0.46 per share in 2023.Aspo PlcRolf JanssonCEOFor further information  please contact:Arto Meitsalo  CFO of Aspo Plc  +358 40 5511 422  arto.meitsalo@.comDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 800 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.39,0.12,0.49,True,English,"['second dividend installment', 'Correction', 'Aspo', 'Board', 'Directors', 'payment', 'November', '02', '16', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Rolf Jansson CEO', 'second dividend installment', 'Stock exchange release', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'second dividend distribution', 'total dividend', 'decision mechanism', 'Finnish release', 'incorrect year', ""shareholders' register"", 'record date', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Key media', 'long term', 'market leaders', 'customer relationships', 'right capabilities', '18 different countries', 'Aspo Plc', 'Arto Meitsalo', 'business operations', 'Aspo Group', 'payment date', 'November', 'Correction', 'Board', 'Directors', '11:30 a', 'connection', 'entirety', 'authorization', 'April', 'information', 'CFO', 'value', 'companies', 'sectors', 'development', 'forerunners', 'sustainability', 'businesses', 'profitability', 'growth', '800 professionals', 'Attachment', '8:15']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32133,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2771622/0/en/Record-and-payment-dates-of-Boreo-s-second-dividend-installment-of-EUR-0-22-per-share.html,Record and payment dates of Boreo’s second dividend installment of EUR 0.22 per share,BOREO PLC              Stock exchange release             1 November 2023 at 20:00 EET      Record and payment dates of Boreo’s second dividend...,BOREO PLC Stock exchange release 1 November 2023 at 20:00 EETRecord and payment dates of Boreo’s second dividend installment of EUR 0.22 per shareThe Board of Directors of Boreo Plc has at its meeting on November 1  2023 decided on the basis of the authorization by the Annual General Meeting on 19 April 2023 the record date and the payment date for the second installment of the dividend of EUR 0.22. The first dividend installment of EUR 0.22 per share was paid on May 4  2023.The second installment of the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date November 9  2023. The dividend payment date is November 17  2023.Vantaa  1 November 2023Boreo PlcKari NergCEODistribution:NASDAQ Helsinki LtdPrincipal mediawww.boreo.comFor more information:CEO Kari Nerg+358 44 341 8514CFO Aku Rumpunen+358 40 5563546Boreo in briefBoreo is a company listed on Nasdaq Helsinki that creates value by owning  acquiring and developing small and medium-sized companies in the long-term. Boreo's business operations are organized into three business areas: Electronics  Technical Trade and Heavy Machines.Boreo's primary objective is sustainable long-term profit generation. This is achieved with a business model that is based on the acquisition and ownership of great entrepreneurial companies with ability to generate sustainable long-term earnings growth and strong cash flows. The profits generated by the portfolio of companies are re-invested back to operations or to acquisitions with attractive expected returns on capital. The decentralized operating structure promoting culture of ownership and release of entrepreneurial energy is a core pillar of the firm’s business concept and sustainable earnings growth is ensured through the support and coaching of companies and the personnel.The Group's net sales in 2022 were EUR 160 million and it employs over 300 people in seven countries. The company’s headquarter is in Vantaa.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['second dividend installment', 'payment dates', 'Record', 'Boreo', 'EUR', 'share', 'BOREO PLC Stock exchange release', 'sustainable long-term profit generation', 'Kari Nerg CEO Distribution', 'sustainable long-term earnings growth', 'sustainable earnings growth', 'CEO Kari Nerg', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'CFO Aku Rumpunen', 'strong cash flows', 'attractive expected returns', 'decentralized operating structure', 'first dividend installment', 'three business areas', 'Annual General Meeting', 'NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd', 'second dividend installment', 'great entrepreneurial companies', 'second installment', 'business model', 'business concept', 'payment dates', 'Principal media', 'Technical Trade', 'Heavy Machines', 'primary objective', 'core pillar', 'The Group', 'net sales', 'seven countries', 'medium-sized companies', 'business operations', 'record date', ""shareholders' register"", '20:00 EET', 'Board', 'Directors', 'November', 'basis', 'authorization', '19 April', 'May', 'Vantaa', 'information', 'brief', 'company', 'value', 'small', 'Electronics', 'acquisition', 'ownership', 'ability', 'profits', 'portfolio', 'capital', 'culture', 'energy', 'firm', 'support', 'coaching', 'personnel', '300 people', 'headquarter']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32134,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2771628/0/en/Correction-Aspo-s-Board-of-Directors-decided-on-the-payment-of-the-second-dividend-installment.html,Correction: Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installment,Aspo PlcStock exchange release November 1  2023 at 8:15 p.m.  Correction: Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend......,Aspo PlcStock exchange releaseNovember 1  2023 at 8:15 p.m.Correction: Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installmentAspo Plc corrects the stock exchange release published on November 1  2023  at 11:30 a.m regarding the payment of the second dividend installment. The corrected release specifies the decision mechanism and  in the Finnish release an incorrect year in connection with the dividend payment date has been corrected. Below is the corrected release in its entirety.Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the second dividend distributionThe Board of Directors of Aspo Plc has decided on the distribution of a second dividend of EUR 0.23 per share  based on the authorization of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting on April 4  2023. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date November 3  2023. The dividend payment date will be November 10  2023. Following the dividend payment  Aspo will have distributed a total dividend of EUR 0.46 per share in 2023.Aspo PlcRolf JanssonCEOFor further information  please contact:Arto Meitsalo  CFO of Aspo Plc  +358 40 5511 422  arto.meitsalo@.comDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 800 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,mixed,0.39,0.12,0.49,True,English,"['second dividend installment', 'Correction', 'Aspo', 'Board', 'Directors', 'payment', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Rolf Jansson CEO', 'second dividend installment', 'Stock exchange release', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'second dividend distribution', 'total dividend', 'decision mechanism', 'Finnish release', 'incorrect year', ""shareholders' register"", 'record date', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Key media', 'long term', 'market leaders', 'customer relationships', 'right capabilities', '18 different countries', 'Aspo Plc', 'Arto Meitsalo', 'business operations', 'Aspo Group', 'payment date', 'November', 'Correction', 'Board', 'Directors', '11:30 a', 'connection', 'entirety', 'authorization', 'April', 'information', 'CFO', 'value', 'companies', 'sectors', 'development', 'forerunners', 'sustainability', 'businesses', 'profitability', 'growth', '800 professionals', 'Attachment', '8:15']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32135,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOREO-OYJ-1412572/news/Record-and-payment-dates-of-Boreo-s-second-dividend-installment-of-EUR-0-22-per-share-45213859/,Record and payment dates of Boreo's second dividend installment of EUR 0.22 per share,(marketscreener.com) BOREO PLC              Stock exchange release             1 November 2023 at 20:00 EET Record and payment dates of Boreo’s second dividend installment of EUR 0.22 per share The Board of Directors of Boreo Plc has at its meeting on Novembe…,BOREO PLC Stock exchange release 1 November 2023 at 20:00 EETRecord and payment dates of Boreo’s second dividend installment of EUR 0.22 per shareThe Board of Directors of Boreo Plc has at its meeting on November 1  2023 decided on the basis of the authorization by the Annual General Meeting on 19 April 2023 the record date and the payment date for the second installment of the dividend of EUR 0.22. The first dividend installment of EUR 0.22 per share was paid on May 4  2023.The second installment of the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date November 9  2023. The dividend payment date is November 17  2023.Vantaa  1 November 2023Boreo PlcKari NergCEODistribution:NASDAQ Helsinki LtdPrincipal mediawww.boreo.comFor more information:CEO Kari Nerg+358 44 341 8514CFO Aku Rumpunen+358 40 5563546Boreo in briefBoreo is a company listed on Nasdaq Helsinki that creates value by owning  acquiring and developing small and medium-sized companies in the long-term. Boreo's business operations are organized into three business areas: Electronics  Technical Trade and Heavy Machines.Boreo's primary objective is sustainable long-term profit generation. This is achieved with a business model that is based on the acquisition and ownership of great entrepreneurial companies with ability to generate sustainable long-term earnings growth and strong cash flows. The profits generated by the portfolio of companies are re-invested back to operations or to acquisitions with attractive expected returns on capital. The decentralized operating structure promoting culture of ownership and release of entrepreneurial energy is a core pillar of the firm’s business concept and sustainable earnings growth is ensured through the support and coaching of companies and the personnel.The Group's net sales in 2022 were EUR 160 million and it employs over 300 people in seven countries. The company’s headquarter is in Vantaa.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['second dividend installment', 'payment dates', 'Record', 'Boreo', 'EUR', 'share', 'BOREO PLC Stock exchange release', 'sustainable long-term profit generation', 'Kari Nerg CEO Distribution', 'sustainable long-term earnings growth', 'sustainable earnings growth', 'CEO Kari Nerg', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'CFO Aku Rumpunen', 'strong cash flows', 'attractive expected returns', 'decentralized operating structure', 'first dividend installment', 'three business areas', 'Annual General Meeting', 'NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd', 'second dividend installment', 'great entrepreneurial companies', 'second installment', 'business model', 'business concept', 'payment dates', 'Principal media', 'Technical Trade', 'Heavy Machines', 'primary objective', 'core pillar', 'The Group', 'net sales', 'seven countries', 'medium-sized companies', 'business operations', 'record date', ""shareholders' register"", '20:00 EET', 'Board', 'Directors', 'November', 'basis', 'authorization', '19 April', 'May', 'Vantaa', 'information', 'brief', 'company', 'value', 'small', 'Electronics', 'acquisition', 'ownership', 'ability', 'profits', 'portfolio', 'capital', 'culture', 'energy', 'firm', 'support', 'coaching', 'personnel', '300 people', 'headquarter']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32136,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2770858/0/en/Notice-to-Annual-General-Meeting-in-SkiStar-AB-publ.html,Notice to Annual General Meeting in SkiStar AB (publ),SkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 9  2023  at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.30 pm CET.,"SkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 9  2023  at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.30 pm CET.Right to participate and registrationShareholders wishing to participate in the AGM shall both be entered in the share register administered by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  1 December 2023 and register their intention to participate in the AGM no later than on Tuesday  5 December 2023. Registration of participation in the AGM can be submittedat the Company’s webpage www.skistar.com/en/corporate by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (with reference “SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting”)in writing to SkiStar AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  orby telephone: +46 (0)8 402 91 33 (Monday-Friday  9 am-4 pm CET).The shareholder’s name and personal identity number/corporate identity number must be provided when registering. In addition  the shareholders are kindly requested to provide contact details and number of shares held when registering. The Company must be provided with information regarding assistants  if any  at the time of registration.In addition to attending the AGM in person or by proxy  the shareholders will also be given the opportunity to exercise their voting rights through advance voting (see below under the heading advance voting (postal voting)).Nominee RegistrationShareholders who have their shares registered with an authorised nominee must  to have the right to participate in the AGM  temporarily re-register their shares in their own names. Shareholders who wish such re-registration  so-called registration of voting rights  must request it from its authorised nominee. Voting rights registrations made by the nominee no later than Tuesday  5 December 2023  will be considered when presenting the share register. This implies that the shareholders must inform the nominees of such re-registration in good time prior to this date. Such re-registration may be temporary.Advance voting (postal voting)Shareholders can  through verification with BankID  cast their postal vote electronically via Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. Shareholders can also cast their postal vote by e-mail or post by submitting a specific advance voting form. The form  instructions and contact information for advance voting are available on the Company's website: www.skistar.com/en/corporate and can also be obtained by contacting the Company/Euroclear Sweden AB at contact information as above. The advance voting form is valid as a notification to attend the meeting. The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on 5 December 2023. The advance voting form  with any attached authorisation document  are to be submitted by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  or by mail to SkiStar AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a verified copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent authority document for the legal entity shall be attached to the advance voting form. The same applies if the shareholder votes in advance by proxy.For the items on the agenda where the Board or the Nomination Committee have submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the advance voting form. A shareholder can also abstain from voting on any item. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the advance vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions and conditions are included in the advance voting form.Note that shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM through advance voting shall  just as with personal participation  be entered in the share register as per Friday  1 December 2023 (and shares registered with an authorised nominee must be re-registered in the shareholder’s own name).Proxy and Proxy formShareholders who do not intend to be present in person at the AGM may – in addition to the above alternative of advanced voting – be represented by a proxy with a written  dated and duly signed power of attorney. Such power of attorney is considered to apply for a period of one year after being issued  or longer if clearly stated on the document  up to a maximum of five years. The power of attorney should be sent to the Company at the above address in good time prior to the AGM. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the legal entity’s certificate of registration or equivalent should be attached. The Company provides the shareholders with a proxy form  if requested. The proxy form can be found at the Company’s webpage and can be ordered from the Company (see contact details above under the heading Right to participate and registration).Processing of personal dataPersonal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices of attendance at the AGM and information on proxies will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the AGM and  where appropriate  the minutes of the AGM. For information on how your personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes Confirmation that the meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the submitted annual report and auditor’s report  as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report for the consolidated accounts Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution regarding the appropriation of the Company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet Resolution regarding the discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO with regard to the financial year 2022/23 Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGM Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of Directors Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if any Resolution regarding the fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2022/23 Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues Resolution on authorization providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the Company’s own shares Resolution on shareholder proposal from Kristina Lindström that SkiStar should introduce free season tickets for all guests who are over 75 years old Closing of the AGMProposed resolutionsThe Nomination Committee’s proposalsThe Nomination Committee of SkiStar AB (publ) consists of Per Gullstrand  appointed by Ekhaga Utveckling AB  Anders Moberg  appointed by ACapital Sweden SS Holdco AB  Niklas Johansson  appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder and Marianne Nilsson  appointed by Swedbank Robur Fonder. The Nomination Committee has appointed Per Gullstrand as its chairman. The Nomination Committee proposes the following.2. Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes the AGM to elect the chairman of the Board of Directors  Anders Sundström  chairman of the AGM.12. Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGMThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be seven  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.13. Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that total fees for the Board of Directors  including Committee fees  shall amount to SEK 2 890 000 (2 810 000) in total. The fees shall be distributed as follows; SEK 670 000 (650 000) to the chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 310 000 (300 000) to each of the other members of the Board of Directors that are not employed by the Company. Fees to the members of the Audit Committee shall amount to SEK 240 000 (240 000) in total  of which SEK 120 000 (120 000) to the chairman of the Committee and SEK 60 000 (60 000) to each of the other two members of the Audit Committee. Fees to the members of the Remuneration Committee shall amount to SEK 120 000 (120 000) in total  of which SEK 60 000 (60 000) to the chairman of the Committee and SEK 30 000 (30 000) to each of the other two members of the Remuneration Committee.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board Member Sara Karlsson has informed the Nomination Committee that she refrains from being re-elected. The Nomination Committee proposes Anders Sundström  Lena Apler  Fredrik Paulsson  Gunilla Rudebjer  Anders Svensson and Vegard Søraunet to be re-elected Members of the Board of Directors. In addition  Carina Åkerström is proposed to be elected as new Member of the Board of Directors. All for the period until the end of the next AGM.Information about the person proposed for new election to the BoardCarina ÅkerströmBorn: 1962. Carina is currently Board Member and resigning President and CEO of Svenska Handelsbanken. Other significant professional commitments: Board Member in Holmen AB  the Swedish Bankers' Association  as well as in the World Childhood Foundation. Principal education and professional experience: Law degree. Employed at Handelsbanken since 1986  where she has held a number of different managerial positions with results responsibility. Independence: Independence in relation to the Company and company management as well as to major shareholders. Shareholding in SkiStar: 0.Information about the persons proposed for re-election to the Board etc.Information about the persons proposed for re-election and the Nomination Committee's motivated statement is available on the Company's website  www.skistar.com/en/corporate.15. Election of Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes Anders Sundström be re-elected chairman of the Board of Directors  for the period until the end of the next AGM.16. Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if anyThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  that the Company shall appoint one registered auditing firm as auditor  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.17. Resolution regarding the fees for the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  that fees to the auditor shall be paid on an on-account basis.18. Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  that the registered auditing firm Deloitte AB is re-elected as the Company’s auditor for a period of one year. Deloitte has informed the Nomination Committee that  should the Nomination Committee’s proposal also be the decision of the AGM  the authorised public accountant  Kent Åkerlund  is to keep the position of auditor-in-charge. Neither the Nomination Committee's proposal nor the Audit Committee's recommendation has been subject to influence from third parties or has been forced by any contractual terms that restrict the freedom of choice in the auditor's election.The Board of Director’s proposals10. Resolution regarding the appropriation of the Company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that dividends of SEK 2.60 per share  totalling SEK 203 777 746  be distributed. The remaining disposable earnings of SEK 1 065 149 205 shall be balanced in a new account. The record date for the right to receive dividend shall be Tuesday  12 December 2023. If the AGM resolves in favour of the proposal  the planned date of payment of dividend via Euroclear Sweden is Friday  15 December 2023.19. Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2022/23The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the Board of Directors’ report regarding remuneration to senior executives relating to 2022/23 pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.20. Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesThe Board recommends that the Annual General Meeting adopt the following guidelines for remuneration of senior executives. The guidelines apply until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting and are valid for a maximum of four years.ScopeThe guidelines below include the Board of Directors (as applicable)  the CEO and other members of Group management  hereinafter referred to as senior executives. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration under new agreements and amendments to remuneration already agreed after adoption of the new guidelines by the AGM. The guidelines do not apply to remuneration decided on by the general meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilitySkiStar’s vision is to create memorable mountain experiences. As a listed Company  SkiStar aims to create value for the Company’s shareholders and promote long-term sustainability in all operations. For further information about SkiStar’s strategy  long-term interests  including financial and operational targets  in addition to sustainability targets  see www.skistar.com/en/corporate and the annual report  which will be made available at the same web address no later than three weeks before the AGM.Successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including sustainability  are contingent on the Company having qualified employees. SkiStar must therefore be able to offer competitive remuneration. The Company’s remuneration structure in accordance with these guidelines mustcontribute to a consensus between senior executives and shareholders in terms of the long-term perspective of the operations  including promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability;ensure that senior executives receive remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  enabling the Company to recruit  motivate and retain competent employees;require senior executives’ compliance with the Company’s code of conduct  policies and directives; andoffer a salary based on the Company’s financial targets and senior executives’ individual responsibility  competence  performance  duties  experience and position.Variable remuneration covered by these guidelines should aim to promote the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including sustainability.Remuneration and forms of remunerationThe total compensation for senior executives must be reviewed regularly  and at least annually  to ensure that it is market-based. To create well-balanced total compensation that strengthens both short- and long-term performance management and target achievement  remuneration may include the following components: fixed cash salary  variable remuneration/bonuses including undertaking to acquire shares  pension benefits and other benefits.Fixed cash salarySenior executives are to be offered a fixed cash salary that is individualised and market-based in relation to responsibility  competence  performance and regional salary levels. The fixed salary is to be determined annually  to apply during the period September to August.Variable remuneration/bonus including undertaking to acquire sharesSenior executives may receive variable cash remuneration/bonuses based on the current bonus programme for SkiStar’s senior executives  which is divided into a short-term programme (12 months) and a long-term programme (36 months)  as decided by the Board for each financial year and three-year period respectively. Bonuses must be related to measurable criteria established by the Board of Directors  which may be financial or non-financial  qualitative or quantitative  and must be based on factors that support SkiStar’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by having a clear link to value creation  committed long-term ownership and SkiStar’s development. The criteria could  for example  relate to return for shareholders  the Company’s operating margin and organic growth  as well as skiing and activity days  measured for each financial year/three-year period. If the Board considers that the business strategy and the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  would be better promoted if the criteria were supplemented or changed  these guidelines allow such changes to be made.The bonus paid to the CEO can amount to a maximum of 40 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary in the one-year programme  and 40 percent of the current monthly salary/average monthly salary in the three-year programme  which therefore constitutes the bonus cap for the CEO. Bonuses paid to other senior executives can amount to a maximum of 30 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary in the one-year programme and 30 percent of the current monthly salary/average monthly salary in the three-year programme  which therefore constitutes the bonus cap for these executives.The level of fulfilment of the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration is to be determined at the end of the measurement period on 31 August. For the one-year programme  the criteria relate to target achievement during the financial year that ended on the said date. For the three-year programme  the Board of Directors will decide at the start of the programme whether the criteria should  for example  refer to target attainment measured over the three-year period which ended on the abovementioned date  or similar. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the assessment of target achievement where the CEO’s and other senior executives’ variable cash remuneration is concerned. Receipt of variable cash remuneration assumes that the senior executive is employed by SkiStar on the last day of the financial year in the case of the one-year programme. If a senior executive has been a member of the Group management for only part of the current financial year  the variable cash remuneration to such senior executive will be paid pro rata in proportion to the part of the year during which he was a member of Group management. Receipt of variable cash remuneration in the three-year programme assumes that the senior executive is employed by SkiStar on the last day of the three-year period. If a senior executive has been a member of Group management for only part of the three-year period  the Board of Directors will have a right in each individual case to decide whether or not the senior executive concerned is to be entitled to variable cash remuneration in the three-year programme and  where variable cash remuneration is to be paid  the Board will also have the right to decide to what extent the variable cash remuneration should be paid. Financial targets must be assessed based on the most recent financial report published by the Company.Should it be established that the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration have not been met in whole or in part  for the one-year and/or three-year bonus programme  the Board of Directors has the possibility to decide that variable remuneration is nevertheless to be paid to senior executives on an individual basis in extraordinary circumstances  up to an amount not exceeding half of the bonus cap. Such extraordinary arrangements are only to be applied either for the purpose of recruitment or retention  or as remuneration for extraordinary work in addition to the person’s regular duties. Decisions on such remuneration are to be taken by the Board of Directors  for both the CEO and other senior executives  on the proposal of the Remuneration Committee. Variable remuneration is paid in October of the year after the end of the 12-month and 36-month period respectively.Under an agreement with the Company  senior executives who receive bonuses must undertake to acquire shares in the Company for long-term ownership (a period of at least three years)  investing at least 1/3 of their post-tax bonuses. This applies to bonuses during both the one-year and the three-year bonus programme. The purchase price paid for any SkiStar shares acquired by a senior executive during a given vesting year for the short and the long bonus programme respectively may be included in the amount that the executive has committed to invest in SkiStar shares if a bonus is received for that vesting year. The purpose is to create involvement and engagement by offering senior executives the opportunity to become shareholders in a structured way. The criteria that determine the outcome as described above enable incentives to be created for senior executives to contribute to realisation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  and therefore to long-term value creation.If a senior executive contravenes the above conditions by  for example  prematurely selling shares acquired under said conditions  the senior executive must  in accordance with the agreement with the Company  be required to repay the full amount (including income tax but not social security contributions) paid for the shares acquired.Pension benefitsSenior executives are entitled to pension arrangements under collective bargaining agreement and agreements with SkiStar AB. All pension obligations are defined-contribution plans. For the CEO  the Company pays pension contributions corresponding to 30 percent of the pensionable salary. For other senior executives  pension payments are made according to the standard ITP plan. Salary waivers can be used for increased pension provisions through one-time pension premium payments under salary and bonus sacrifice arrangements. The retirement age for senior executives who are Swedish citizens is 65. For others  it is as specified in their own country’s pension rules.Car benefitsSenior executives may be offered car benefits in accordance with the Company’s instruction concerning cars for all employees. The CEO may also be entitled to car benefits at a value over and above other applicable instructions in the Company.Other benefitsSenior executives may be entitled to other benefits such as health insurance  as well as the benefits available to other SkiStar employees. The total value of these benefits may not exceed five percent of a senior executive’s fixed cash salary.In addition  the CEO may be entitled to tax return assistance and supplementary health insurance in addition to collectively agreed health insurance. The total value of such benefits  including car benefits  may not exceed five percent of the CEO’s fixed cash salary.OtherEmployment conditions for senior executives who are subject to rules other than Swedish rules on pension and other benefits may be duly adjusted to ensure compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account the overall purpose of these guidelines as far as possible.Period of notice and termination benefitsThe maximum period of notice is initially twelve months for termination of employment initiated by SkiStar and six months for termination by the senior executive. Termination benefits are only to be paid when termination of employment is initiated by the Company. Termination benefits are only to be paid up to the date on which the individual in question obtains other employment. Termination benefits are calculated on the fixed cash salary and are not pensionable. Total fixed salary during the period of notice and any termination benefits must not exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed salary for 24 months.Decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board’s Remuneration Committee is responsible for annually reviewing the need to revise the guidelines prior to the Board’s proposal to the AGM (if applicable) for adoption. The Board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and present it to the AGM for resolution. The guidelines are to be valid until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee must also monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration for senior executives  the application of guidelines for remuneration of senior executives and applicable remuneration structures and remuneration levels in the Company. The Board makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for the CEO on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for other senior executives and consults with the Remuneration Committee on these matters. Decisions on possible variable remuneration in extraordinary circumstances are  however  made by the Board for the CEO as well as for other senior executives on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO and other senior executives are not present when the Board and the Remuneration Committee consider and make decisions on remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by these matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board may  following a proposal from the Remuneration Committee  decide to make a temporary derogation from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if there are particular reasons to do so in an individual case and such derogation is necessary in order to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability. As stated above  the Remuneration Committee’s tasks include preparation of the Board’s decisions in remuneration-related matters. This includes decisions to derogate from the guidelines. Such derogations are to be reported and explained in the subsequent remuneration report.Salary and terms of employment for other employeesIn preparing the Board’s proposal for these remuneration guidelines  the salaries and terms of employment for the Company’s employees have been taken into account by including information about the employees’ total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and the remuneration increase and rate of increase over time in the Board’s decision support material for evaluating the reasonableness of the guidelines and limitations set out herein. The remuneration report on paid and outstanding remuneration covered by the guidelines will include a report on the trend regarding the gap between Company management’s remuneration and other employees’ remuneration.Changes from previous guidelinesThe Board’s proposal for guidelines for remuneration of senior executives prior to the 2023 AGM is largely consistent with the guidelines adopted at the 2022 AGM. In the review before the 2023 AGM  there has been a change regarding the possibility of variable remuneration being divided into a one-year part and a three-year part  as well as regarding benefits for the CEO.More informationOn the date of submission of these proposed remuneration guidelines for senior executives  SkiStar did not have any remuneration commitments not due for payment other than ongoing commitments to senior executives in accordance with the remuneration principles adopted at the 2022 AGM. For more information on remuneration at SkiStar  see the remuneration report and the annual report  which are available at www.skistar.com/sv/corporate no later than three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting.21. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issuesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to resolve upon new issues of shares in accordance with the following.The Board of Directors is proposed to be authorized to  on one or several occasions during the period until the next AGM  to resolve on new issues of Class B shares. A new share issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right. The authorisation shall include the right to resolve on a new share issue with cash payment  payment by contribution in kind or payment by set-off and otherwise subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 2  Section 5  Paragraph 2  1-3 and 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. Decision pursuant to the authorisation may not result in a new issuance of shares exceeding ten (10) percent of all shares in the Company at the time of the AGM's decision on the authorisation. An issue of new shares based on this authorisation must not result in the Company’s share capital exceeding the Company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association. Shares shall  in case of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right to subscription  be issued on market terms. The Board shall be entitled to determine other terms for the share issue.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right if any  is to give the Board increased options to  completely or partially  finance any future investments/acquisitions by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisitions alternatively to raise capital for such investments/acquisitions. The Board  or anyone appointed by the Board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution of the AGM that may be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and has the right to otherwise take the measures required to enforce the decision.22. Resolution on authorisation providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the acquisition and sales of the Company’s own shares according to essentially the following.The Board of Directors’ proposal entails that the Board be authorised  until the next AGM of shareholders  to pass resolutions on one or more occasions regarding the acquisition of Class B shares in the Company; however  the Company’s holding may not  at any time  exceed ten percent of the total number of shares in the Company. The acquisition of shares shall take place in a regulated market or by an acquisition offer made to all shareholders that hold Class B shares. Acquisition of shares in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval – that is  the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. An offer of acquisition made to all shareholders may take place at a price equivalent to the lowest market value at the time of the offer  with a maximum deviation of plus 20 percent.Furthermore  the proposal by the Board of Directors entails that the Board of Directors be entitled to pass resolutions  on one or more occasions until the next AGM  regarding the sale of the Company’s own shares in a regulated market or in conjunction with the acquisition of companies or operations. The authorisation includes the right to pass resolutions on deviation from the preferential rights of shareholders and resolutions that establish forms of payment other than cash funds  on the basis of in-kind payment  offsetting or on the basis of other conditions. The authorisation may be utilised for the maximum number of shares stipulated in the authorisation to acquire the Company’s shares. Transfers in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval. Transfers in connection with acquisitions shall take place at a price which  in all essential manners  corresponds to the market value for the Company’s share at the time of entering into the acquisition agreement.These authorisations aim to provide the Board of Directors with increased scope in working with the Company’s capital structure and  if deemed appropriate  to facilitate acquisitions. The reason for the deviation from pre-emption rights  with regard to transfers made in conjunction with the acquisition of companies and businesses  is to create alternative forms of payment for such acquisitions. The Board  or anyone appointed by the Board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution that may prove necessary in connection with the implementation of the Board’s resolution on repurchase and transfer of own shares.Shareholder’s proposals23. Resolution on shareholder proposal from Kristina Lindström that SkiStar should introduce free season tickets for all guests who are over 75 years oldShareholder Kristina Lindström proposes that SkiStar should introduce free season tickets for all guests who are over 75 years old.The Board of Directors recommends the AGM rejects the shareholder proposal under item 23.Other informationDocuments prior to the Annual General Meeting etc.Accounting documents  auditor’s reports and the complete proposals and statements of the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code will be made available to shareholders at least three weeks prior to the AGM  at the Company’s address: SkiStar AB  Sälfjällsgården  780 91 Sälen  Sweden  and on the Company’s webpage: www.skistar.com/en/corporate. Copies of these documents will also be sent  free of cost  by post or e-mail to the shareholders upon request  and upon receipt of a postal or e-mail address and will be available at the AGM.Certain majority requirementsFor valid resolutions in accordance with item 21 and 22 on authorisations for the Board of Directors  the proposals shall be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to request informationShareholders present at the AGM retain the right to request information regarding matters on the agenda or the Company’s financial position according to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).Number of shares and votesThe number of registered shares in the Company as per the date of issuance of this notice is a total of 78 376 056  of which 3 648 000 are Class A shares and 74 728 056 are Class B shares. The total number of votes is 111 208 056. The Company holds no own shares.Sälen in November 2023The Board of Directors of SkiStar AB (publ)This information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below  on 1 November 2023  at 10.00 a.m. CET.Further information can be reached from:Stefan Sjöstrand  CEO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.Martin Almgren  CFO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.SkiStar in briefThe mountain tourism company SkiStar AB (publ) is listed on the Mid Cap list of the Nasdaq Stockholm exchange. The Group owns and operates alpine ski resorts in Sälen  Vemdalen  Åre and Hammarbybacken (Stockholm) in Sweden  and Hemsedal and Trysil in Norway. Our operations are divided into three segments: Operation of Ski Resorts  Property Development & Exploitation and Operation of Hotels. As the leading holiday organiser for Scandinavia  SkiStar’s business concept is to create memorable mountain experiences  develop sustainable destinations and offer accommodation  activities  products and services of the highest quality with our guests as our focus. For more information  see www.skistar.com/en/corporate.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.71,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'SkiStar AB', 'Notice', 'SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting', 'specific advance voting form', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'equivalent authority document', 'advance vote', 'postal voting', 'advanced voting', 'personal data', 'Sälen', 'share register', 'contact details', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'authorisation document', 'legal entity', 'verified copy', 'Nomination Committee', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'Proxy form', 'authorised nominee', 'personal participation', 'good time', 'contact information', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Such power', 'The Company', 'Nominee Registration', 'AGM', 'Saturday', 'December', 'Experium', 'Lindvallen', 'place', 'Shareholders', 'Friday', 'intention', 'Tuesday', 'webpage', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'reference', 'writing', 'Stockholm', 'telephone', 'name', 'addition', 'shares', 'assistants', 'opportunity', 'heading', 'nominees', 'date', 'verification', 'BankID', 'website', 'vpc', 'notification', 'certificate', 'items', 'agenda', 'Board', 'proposals', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'alternative', 'attorney', 'period', 'maximum', 'address', 'Processing', 'notices', 'attendance', '2', '1.30', '101', '9']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32137,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2770811/0/en/Aspo-Group-Interim-Financial-Report-January-1-to-September-30-2023-Aspo-s-Q3-results-improved-considerably-from-Q2-yet-not-reaching-previous-year-s-record-level.html,Aspo Group Interim Financial Report  January 1 to September 30  2023: Aspo’s Q3 results improved considerably from Q2  yet not reaching previous year’s record level,Aspo Plc Interim financial report               November 1  2023  at 9:30 amAspo Group Interim Financial Report  January 1 to September 30  2023  ...,Aspo PlcInterim financial reportNovember 1  2023  at 9:30 amAspo Group Interim Financial Report  January 1 to September 30  2023Aspo’s Q3 results improved considerably from Q2  yet not reaching previous year’s record levelFigures from the corresponding period in 2022 are presented in brackets. From the beginning of year 2023  Aspo established a new segment structure and the figures for the comparative periods have been restated.July–September 2023Continuing operations Net sales from continuing operations decreased to EUR 130.0 (142.8) million. Comparable operating from continuing operations profit was EUR 7.4 (12.4) million  and the comparable operating profit rate of continuing operations was 5.7% (8.7%). Comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 4.0 (9.8) million  Telko EUR 3.1 (3.1) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.3 (0.5) million. Operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 8.1 (11.8) million  and the operating profit rate of continuing operations was 6.2% (8.3%). Operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 4.0 (9.8) million  Telko EUR 3.1 (3.6) million  and Leipurin EUR 2.0 (-0.5) million.Group total level Net sales  Group total decreased to EUR 133.3 (160.0) million. Comparable operating profit at Group total level was EUR 7.9 (13.0) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 5.9% (8.1%). Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -1.3 (-0.7) million at Group total level.Earnings per share were EUR 0.10 (0.30).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 16.3 (11.4) million. Free cash flow was EUR 12.0 (-9.7) million.January–September 2023Continuing operations Net sales from continuing operations decreased to EUR 404.2 (407.8) million. Comparable operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 19.4 (32.8) million  and the comparable operating profit rate of continuing operations was 4.8% (8.0%). Comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 13.3 (26.9) million  Telko EUR 6.7 (9.6) million  and Leipurin EUR 3.4 (0.6) million. Operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 19.5 (27.5) million  and the operating profit rate of continuing operations was 4.8% (6.7%). Operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 13.3 (28.0) million  Telko EUR 5.7 (6.0) million  and Leipurin EUR 4.6 (-1.6) million.Group total level Net sales  Group total decreased to EUR 417.2 (487.9) million. Comparable operating profit at Group total level was EUR 19.5 (44.0) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 4.7% (9.0%). Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -9.6 (-8.0) million at Group total level.Earnings per share were EUR 0.12 (0.82).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 35.0 (45.7) million. Free cash flow was EUR 27.0 (17.9) million.Specified guidance for 2023Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be EUR 25–30 million in 2023 (2022: EUR 55.3 million).Previous guidance for 2023 (issued on May 12  2023): Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will be EUR 25-35 million in 2023 (2022: EUR 55.3 million).Key figures 7-9/2023 7-9/2022 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 1-12/2022 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 133.3 160.0 417.2 487.9 652.6 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 130.0 142.8 404.2 407.8 560.7 ESL Shipping  comparable operating profit  MEUR 4.0 9.8 13.3 26.9 37.4 Telko  comparable operating profit  MEUR 3.1 3.1 6.7 9.6 11.3 Leipurin  comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.3 0.5 3.4 0.6 1.1 Other operations  comparable operating profit  MEUR -1.0 -1.0 -4.0 -4.3 -5.9 Comparable operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR 7.4 12.4 19.4 32.8 43.9 Comparable operating profit from continuing operations  % 5.7 8.7 4.8 8.0 7.8 Comparable operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR 0.5 0.6 0.1 11.2 11.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 7.9 13.0 19.5 44.0 55.3 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 5.9 8.1 4.7 9.0 8.5 Items affecting comparability  Group total  MEUR -1.3 -0.7 -9.6 -8.0 -24.1 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR 6.6 12.3 9.9 36.0 31.2 Profit before taxes from continuing operations  MEUR 5.6 9.9 12.9 23.5 32.5 Profit for the period  MEUR 3.9 9.4 5.4 26.1 20.7 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR 5.3 9.2 13.2 22.1 30.8 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -1.4 0.2 -7.8 4.0 -10.1 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR 0.10 0.30 0.12 0.82 0.61 EPS from continuing operations  EUR 0.15 0.30 0.37 0.70 0.93 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR -0.05 0.00 -0.25 0.12 -0.32 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 16.3 11.4 35.0 45.7 67.7 Free cash flow  MEUR 12.0 -9.7 27.0 17.9 34.4 Return on equity (ROE)  % 4.9 23.7 15.2 Equity ratio  % 35.8 35.8 34.7 Gearing  % 104.5 97.6 108.4 Equity per share  EUR 4.67 5.24 4.58Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the third quarter of 2023:Aspo’s profitability improved significantly in the third quarter of 2023  which was aligned with expectations and driven by the improved performance of all businesses. The comparable operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 7.4 (12.4) million  clearly above the previous quarter EUR 3.6 million. The profitability of all businesses showed positive development  and strong operating cash flow. The third quarter result is a demonstration of a resilient business portfolio.During the third quarter  ESL Shipping’s volumes picked up after the summer  and the company succeeded well in optimizing transportation flows and capacity utilization. Telko’s performance improvement during the third quarter was based on positive market share development combined with stabilizing market prices  especially in plastics. Leipurin was able to deliver further evidence that management is successfully implementing actions for growth and profitability improvement.The comparable operating profit for January–September 2023  at Group total level was EUR 19.5 (44.0) million  and the operating profit rate was 4.7% (9.0%). Based on this financial performance and current market visibility  we specified our guidance for Aspo Group’s full year 2023 comparable operating profit to EUR 25-30 million. Key short term profitability drivers include volume development of key customers of ESL  market price development of key product lines of Telko and Leipurin  and successful implementation of development efforts across all businesses.The strategies of Aspo’s businesses remain solid. ESL Shipping’s ambition is to offer its key customers environmentally friendly and eventually fossil free sea transportation. The market is very attractive as a consequence of the green transitions of Nordic industrial production. As communicated before  we are investigating different alternative measures to finance this growth  including a launch of a new investment pool of green vessels  a possible equity injection in ESL Shipping by a minority shareholder  and the sale of the two Supramax vessels. The first results of this program are expected still during year 2023.Telko is pursuing organic growth  based on the growth in the underlying market as well as through gaining market share. Telko is also very actively pursuing acquisitions  both synergistic add-ons as well as new growth platforms. We remain confident that the wide efforts will generate results  scaling-up Telko’s business with new carefully selected businesses of high quality. All acquisitions so far have successfully been implemented  generating financial performance aligned with or above expectations.Leipurin’s full profit potential program is progressing as planned  with significant profit improvement compared with last year. The integration of Kobia is progressing well and the acquisition has proven to be a game changer for Leipurin  strategically serving principals and customers in the Nordics. The divestment of bakery equipment trading business and sale and lease back of Lithuanian property both support Leipurin’s strategy to be a focused  Nordic ingredient and service company. The path for growth as well as performance improvement remains clear.As announced earlier  I am delighted to welcome Erkka Repo as Aspo Group’s Chief Financial Officer and member of Aspo’s Group Executive Committee. Repo will start in his position during February 2024.ASPO GROUPFinancial results and targetsAspo's long-term financial targets are:Annual increase in net sales: 5–10% a yearOperating profit: 8%Return on equity: more than 20%Gearing: less than 130%On a business level  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%. The operating profit rate targets are evaluated against the comparable operating profit rate of Aspo Group and its businesses.In the third quarter of 2023  Aspo’s net sales from continuing operations decreased by 9% to EUR 130.0 (142.8) million. The comparable operating profit rate of the continuing operations was 5.7% (8.7%). Return on equity was 4.9% (23.7%). ROE was on a modest level especially due to the loss from discontinued operations resulting mainly from the reclassification of translation differences of sold and discontinued entities with no impact on Group total equity. Return on equity adjusted for items affecting comparability was 13.6% (30.1%). Gearing stood at 104.5% (12/2022: 108.4%)  well below the target level.To provide a more transparent and clear view of its businesses and financial results  Aspo established a new reportable segment called Non-core businesses in the beginning of year 2023 which is reported as a discontinued operation. In the comparative periods of 2022  the result of the discontinued operations also includes the operative result and divestment loss of Kauko Oy  which was divested on October 31  2022. Thus  the results of Kauko and the Non-core businesses segment  which make up the result of the discontinued operations  are presented separately from the results of Aspo Group’s continuing operations  but the result of the discontinued operations is included in the presented “Group total” figures including the measure comparable operating profit  Group total.Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit includes results for continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit is calculated by adjusting the reported operating profit with rare and material items affecting the operating profit. These may include impairment losses  sales gains and losses from divested businesses and non-current assets  as well as financial losses caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine.Net sales and operating profit rate  Group total 7-9/2023 7-9/2022 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 133.3 160.0 417.2 487.9 652.6 Net sales  continuing operations 130.0 142.8 404.2 407.8 560.7 Net sales  discontinued operations 3.3 17.2 13.0 80.1 91.9 Operating profit  Group total 6.6 12.3 9.9 36.0 31.2 Operating profit  Group total  % 5.0 7.7 2.4 7.4 4.8 Items affecting comparability -1.3 -0.7 -9.6 -8.0 -24.1 Comparable operating profit  Group total 7.9 13.0 19.5 44.0 55.3 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 5.9 8.1 4.7 9.0 8.5 Operating profit and comparable operating profit  Group total 7-9/2023 7-9/2022 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 4.0 9.8 13.3 28.0 38.2 Telko  operating profit 3.1 3.6 5.7 6.0 8.2 Leipurin  operating profit 2.0 -0.5 4.6 -1.6 -1.4 Other operations  operating profit -1.0 -1.1 -4.1 -4.9 -6.6 Operating profit from continuing operations 8.1 11.8 19.5 27.5 38.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations -1.5 0.5 -9.6 8.5 -7.2 Operating profit  Group total 6.6 12.3 9.9 36.0 31.2 Items affecting comparability -1.3 -0.7 -9.6 -8.0 -24.1 Comparable operating profit  Group total 7.9 13.0 19.5 44.0 55.3Items affecting comparability  Group total 7-9/2023 7-9/2022 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping 0.0 0.0 1.1 0.8 Telko 0.5 -1.0 -3.6 -3.1 Leipurin 0.7 -1.0 1.2 -2.2 -2.5 Other operations -0.1 -0.1 -0.6 -0.7 Continuing operations  total 0.7 -0.6 0.1 -5.3 -5.5 Discontinued operations -2.0 -0.1 -9.7 -2.7 -18.6 Total -1.3 -0.7 -9.6 -8.0 -24.1In the third quarter of 2023  items affecting comparability were EUR -1.3 million in total. EUR 0.7 million reported in the Leipurin segment consisted of EUR 0.9 million from the gain on the sale and lease back transaction of office and warehouse premises in Lithuania and EUR -0.2 million was caused by restructuring activities in Sweden. Items of EUR -2.0 million reported for discontinued operations consisted of EUR -1.0 million relating to the discontinuation of Telko Belarus  EUR -0.7 million relating to the divestment of Telko Russia and EUR -0.3 million relating to fair value adjustments of the entities held for sale.In the third quarter of 2022  items affecting comparability amounted to EUR -0.7 million in total. EUR 0.5 million reported in the Telko segment was an adjustment to the bad debt allowance in Ukraine. EUR -1.0 million reported for Leipurin arose from the acquisition of Kobia AB. EUR -0.1 million reported in other operations related to corporate restructuring costs. EUR -0.1 million reported in discontinued operations included costs related to restructuring of Russia-related operations in the Non-core businesses segment.In January-September 2023 the items affecting comparability amounted to EUR -9.6 million in total. EUR -1.0 million reported in the Telko segment related to inventory write downs caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. EUR 1.2 million reported in the Leipurin segment consisted of EUR 1.4 million from gains on sale and lease back transactions of properties in Sweden and premises in Lithuania and of EUR -0.2 million from restructuring activities in Sweden. EUR -0.1 million reported in other operations related to corporate restructuring costs. EUR -9.7 million reported in discontinued operations consisted of the divestment loss of Telko Russia EUR -8.1 million  the write down of Telko Russia’s inventory EUR -1.7 million  a loss of EUR -0.8 million for the discontinuation of Telko’s subsidiary in Belarus  and EUR 0.9 million of valuation adjustments relating to the other eastern businesses held for sale.The items affecting comparability in January-September 2022 amounted to EUR -8.0 million in total. For ESL Shipping the total amount of EUR 1.1 million consisted of EUR 1.5 million in sales gains from ESL Shipping’s barge Espa  and cost provisions of EUR -0.4 million related to the war in Ukraine. For Telko the total amount of EUR -3.6 million consisted of EUR -2.6 million in losses from the destruction of Telko’s warehouse in Ukraine  and a credit loss provision of EUR -1.0 million associated with Telko’s accounts receivables in Ukraine. EUR -2.2 million reported in the Leipurin segment consisted of EUR -0.7 million in losses from the destruction of Leipurin’s warehouse in Ukraine  a credit loss provision of EUR -0.1 million associated with Leipurin’s accounts receivable in Ukraine  EUR -0.4 million divestment loss of Vulganus  and EUR -1.0 million from the acquisition of Kobia AB. EUR -0.6 million reported in Other operations related to corporate restructuring costs and share-based payments granted to Aspo’s previous CEO. In discontinued operations the amount of EUR -2.7 million consisted of EUR -1.5 million of restructuring costs of Russia-related operations in the Non-core businesses segment and EUR -1.3 million of impairment loss on Kauko’s goodwill.In 2022  items affecting comparability totaled EUR -24.1 million  of which EUR -20.7 million resulted from the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo Group’s business operations. Items affecting comparability relating to the Kauko segment totaled EUR -2.5 million. Other items affecting comparability totaled EUR -0.9 million.SustainabilitySustainability is key driver for Aspo’s management system and especially for the company’s investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be forerunners in sustainability in their respective sectors. The key target is to reduce emission intensity  CO2 (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) was 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. According to the green transition in the shipping industry  ESL Shipping is engaged in close and long-term cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide fossil-free sea transportation for its key customers in the future. ESL Shipping is investing in twelve new generation electric hybrid vessels  half of which will remain in its own ownership and half will be transferred to the other party of the pooling arrangement. The investment is instrumental in the company’s green transition.During the past 12 months  emission intensity has slightly increased despite the positive development in operational efficiency and the use of new operating models especially by ESL Shipping  standing at 0.35 (0.33 for the full-year 2022). The slight increase is driven by decrease in net sales  partly driven by lowering fuel prices  as the emissions during the past 12 months have decreased in absolute terms. Specifically for ESL Shipping  emission intensity was impacted also by fleet structure and the difficult ice conditions in the Northern Bay of Bothnia during April. The emission intensity target for the full-year 2023 is 0.36.Another key sustainability focus area of Aspo is employee safety. The rolling 12 months Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) improved and was 7.8 (8.1 for the full-year 2022). The TRIF target for 2023 is 7.0  and is still achievable depending on development during the fourth quarter.Operating environment  short-term risks and uncertainties in business operationsThe operating environment in the western countries has been relatively stable during the review period  however  changes in demand  development in market prices as well as rising inflation and interest rates impacted the financial development and generated uncertainty. The economy in European Union broadly stagnated over the first half year  and is likely to remain subdued in the coming months which grows risks to all Aspo’s businesses. In addition  the rising interest rates have negatively impacted investment activities  particularly through increasing financing costs and decreasing financing opportunities. As a consequence  the M&A market has slowed down  partially also because of differing views on valuations by the sellers and buyers. Volatile exchange rates also reflect the high inflation  which varies from one area to another causing fluctuations in local demand.Overall economic development  specific demand and production volumes in key industries  especially metal and forest products  may increase or decrease the demand for sea transportation. In this respect  ESL Shipping comparatively benefits from long-term industrial partnerships and a general deficit of year-round vessel capacity in the Baltic Sea area. The shipping freight indexes have strengthened since the beginning of September  reflecting growing demand and price level.Market price development  and especially sudden declines in raw material prices  can cause a negative profit impact for Telko and Leipurin. The effect of such development has been mitigated by active product portfolio management  combined with specific commercial and operational measures  incl. inventory management.Recent events in the Middle East can negatively affect Aspo’s businesses  e.g. in terms of energy prices and supply chain disruptions  as well as inflation-driven wage increases.In line with its strategy  Aspo aims to increase its profit-making ability through acquisitions. Strategy execution combined with the currently relatively high financing costs may reduce free cash flow and lead to a temporary deterioration of the balance sheet  in situations where capital expenditures and acquisitions require financial resources  and consequently may reduce solvency. With its strategy  Aspo aims to reduce the impact of the possibly weakening general economic development on Aspo’s profit-making ability.Aspo’s ambition is to fully exit selected eastern markets and especially Russia. The transaction of Leipurin  has still not been approved by the Russian governmental bodies  and the net asset values of the related companies are still at risk. In addition  translation differences will generate losses in the eventual exit. On the positive side  Leipurin Russia has been operationally profitable and the major losses resulting from Aspo’s withdrawal process from Russia were already accounted for in 2022 and during the first half of 2023 when Telko Russia was divested. Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they involve significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.Net sales by market area  continuing operations 1-9/2023 Share 1-9/2022 Share 1-12/2022 Share MEUR % MEUR % MEUR % Finland 144.1 35.7 165.8 40.7 224.4 40.0 Scandinavian countries 119.1 29.5 98.9 24.3 137.6 24.5 Baltic countries 49.1 12.1 49.7 12.2 67.8 12.1 Other European countries 58.1 14.4 68.8 16.9 89.6 16.0 Other countries 33.8 8.3 24.6 6.0 41.3 7.4 Total 404.2 100 407.8 100 560.7 100From the beginning of year 2023  following the shift of the strategic focus towards western markets  Aspo changed the market areas when reporting net sales. The new reportable market areas are: Finland  Scandinavian countries  Baltic countries  Other European countries and Other countries. The acquisition of Kobia has significantly increased the contribution of Scandinavia to the Group’s total net sales.Cash flow and financingThe Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in January–September was EUR 35.0 (45.7) million. The cash flow of all businesses was positive  and the decrease compared to the comparative period came from the ESL Shipping segment. The cash flow impact of change in working capital was EUR 4.0 (-5.8) million. The positive cash impact was caused by a decrease in inventories driven by proactive operational management actions. This effect was partly offset by increased accounts receivable and decreased accounts payable.The free cash flow in January–September was EUR 27.0 (17.9) million. Investments amounted to EUR 11.7 (15.2) million and consisted mainly of the ESL Shipping segment’s Green Coaster advance payments. The other items reported in cash flows used in investing activities included EUR 3.9 million cash outflow from the acquisitions of Eltrex  EUR 10.5 million cash inflow from the sale of Kobia’s properties in Sweden  and EUR 1.1 million cash inflow from the sale of Leipurin’s property in Lithuania  EUR 4.5 million cash outflow from the sale/discontinuation of Telko’s subsidiaries in Russia and Belarus and other cash inflow of EUR 0.5 million.9/2023 9/2022 12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 187.8 204.0 189.3 Cash and cash equivalents  Group total 34.6 43.7 33.6 Net interest-bearing debt 153.2 160.3 155.7Net interest-bearing debt was EUR 153.2 (12/2022: 155.7) million and gearing decreased to 104.5% (12/2022: 108.4%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 35.8% (34.7%).Net financial expenses in January–September totaled EUR -6.6 (-4.0) million. The average interest rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  increased and was 4.9% (1.8%)  causing Aspo’s interest expenses to grow.The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents  Group total stood at EUR 34.6 (12/2022: 33.6) million at the end of the review period  of which cash and cash equivalents related to businesses held for sale were EUR 3.5 (11.9) million. Current interest-bearing liabilities have increased  and non-current interest-bearing liabilities decreased as an increased share of the non-current loans will fall due within the next twelve months. Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program also remained fully unused.In September Aspo signed a loan agreement of EUR 30 million for a three-year loan period extending the maturity of Aspo’s loan portfolio. The loan has been taken for general corporate purposes and refinancing a loan of similar value.ASPO’S BUSINESSESESL ShippingESL Shipping is the leading dry bulk sea transport company operating in the Baltic Sea area. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 42 vessels with a total capacity of 438 000 deadweight tons (dwt). Of these  23 were wholly owned (78% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2%) and the remaining 17 vessels (20%) were time chartered.ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly and energy efficiently secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean liners at sea as a special service.7-9/2023 7-9/2022 Change % 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 Change % Net sales  MEUR 43.0 65.0 -34 139.7 182.1 -23 Operating profit  MEUR 4.0 9.8 -59 13.3 28.0 -53 Operating profit  % 9.3 15.1 9.5 15.4 Items affecting comparability  MEUR 0.0 0.0 0.0 1.1 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 4.0 9.8 -59 13.3 26.9 -51 Comparable operating profit  % 9.3 15.1 9.5 14.8In the third quarter ESL Shipping’s net sales decreased significantly by 34% from the previous all-time high year to EUR 43.0 (65.0) million. The comparable operating profit for the quarter decreased by 59% to EUR 4.0 (9.8) million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 9.3% (15.1%). ESL Shipping’s result improved in comparison to the second quarter earnings  despite the poor market conditions and production reductions in several customer industries during the summer. Resulting from lower overall market activity  smaller capacity and longer voyages  the cargo volumes transported by ESL Shipping decreased from the comparative period to 3.1 (3.8) million tons. The overall freight market activity in Scandinavia and Continental Europe remained at lower level compared to the previous year.ESL Shipping’s handysize vessels had somewhat lower than expected overall volume demand during the third quarter of 2023. Steel industry demand from long-term partnership industries remained close to the forecasted level. Energy shipping markets continued depressed due to prevailing high stock levels and exceptionally warm September month. The share of energy coal remained below 5% of transported volumes. To find a better supply and demand balance  one handysize vessel was time-chartered out also during the third quarter. As informed earlier  the financial performance of the handysize vessels suffered during the third quarter from dockings of two most efficient and profitable vessels.Coaster vessel volumes remained at fairly good levels in steels  minerals  chemicals and agriculture. The forest industry experienced a volume decrease especially in raw materials and sawn timber. Coaster vessel result was positively affected by very successful operation and high-capacity utilization of the available fleet. The negative effect of high time-charter unit costs continued  despite the first signs of a decline in cost levels. At the same time  the two partly owned vessels delivered good result.Supramax vessels still suffered from the soft spot market during the third quarter  but during September month the spot market started to gradually pick up affecting demand for this vessel type positively. During the third quarter  the price of diesel fuel started to rapidly increase from the previous quarter. The price of liquified natural gas LNG remained more stable due to seasonally low demand. However  during the third quarter ship fuel prices were significantly lower than the levels experienced during the comparative period last year and this had a EUR 4.7 million negative impact on net sales due to lower fuel surcharges. Energy price fluctuations are managed through neutral fuel clauses in long-term transportation agreements.The newbuilding project of ESL Shipping’s Swedish subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping AB at the Chowgule & Company Private Limited shipyard in India proceeded as planned during the third quarter. A total of seven vessels are already under construction and the first vessel in the series  Electramar  is expected to be delivered during the fourth quarter. The second vessel  Stellamar  was launched right after the end of the review period on 1st October. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold  as announced earlier  to the company established by the pooling investor group.During the third quarter four vessels were docked for 43 (63) days. Compared to the comparative period in previous year when mostly smaller coaster vessels were docked  maintained vessels were larger  more efficient and more profitable units and therefore operating result for the third quarter in 2023 was negatively affected.The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–September decreased by 23% from the comparative period  amounting to EUR 139.7 (182.1) million. The comparable operating profit halved to EUR 13.3 (26.9) million and the comparable operating profit rate was 9.5% (14.8%). ESL Shipping’s operating profit was at EUR 13.3 (28.0) million for January-September 2023 and the operating profit rate was 9.5% (15.4%).ESL Shipping outlookIn the fourth quarter  ESL Shipping’s main markets in the Northern Baltic Sea  Scandinavia and Continental Europe are expected to suffer from a lower level of industrial activity compared to the previous year. Typically for dry bulk shipping  the freight market activity has  as expected  picked up to some extent after mid-summer slowdown  affecting also the fourth quarter positively. Increased agriproduct volume demand from new harvest and increased demand from the energy industry are expected to drive volume demand during the rest of the year. Announced industrial actions in Finland may cause supply chain disruptions.ESL Shipping’s long-term partners in the steel industry are expected to have fairly stable volumes corresponding with previous year figures for the remaining part of the year. Steel demand in Europe is expected to remain weak in the construction industry and ESL Shipping’s steel industry clients are prepared to adjust their production if needed. In the forest industry  wood pulp delivery volumes are modest due to high stock levels. Resulting from present difficulties in European construction industries  sawn goods demand is likely to continue lower than earlier expected  despite the fact that the production capacity of our main customers is increasing. During the remaining of 2023 vessels are expected to have approximately 10 maintenance days.Several factors support positive development for ESL Shipping going forward. Firstly  most of the shipping company’s transportation capacity has been secured through long-term agreements with the exception of the supramax vessels  which operate partly in Arctic trade and largely on the spot market. Secondly  the availability of vessel capacity suitable for year-round operations in the Baltic Sea remains tight due to an ageing fleet. The expectations of the lessors of the time-chartered vessels may cause further uncertainties in the availability and pricing of a suitable tonnage. Thirdly  ESL Shipping’s investments in energy-efficient vessels will strengthen its competitiveness and market position in the future. ESL Shipping is finalizing development of a completely fossil-free sea transportation ecosystem in cooperation with its key partners and customers.As informed in a separate stock exchange release on 26th April  Aspo‘s Board of Directors decided to initiate a review of strategic options to support and accelerate ESL Shipping’s low-carbon growth strategy. The ongoing program is assessing alternative measures  including launch of a second wave investment pool  a possible equity injection in ESL Shipping by a minority shareholder  and the sale of ESL Shipping’s two supramax vessels. The first results of this strategic review are expected still during year 2023.TelkoTelko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals  and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China.7-9/2023 7-9/2022 Change % 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 Change % Net sales  MEUR 53.8 51.6 4 162.3 155.1 5 Operating profit  MEUR 3.1 3.6 -14 5.7 6.0 -5 Operating profit  % 5.8 7.0 3.5 3.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR 0.0 0.5 -1.0 -3.6 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 3.1 3.1 0 6.7 9.6 -30 Comparable operating profit  % 5.8 6.0 4.1 6.2In the third quarter of 2023  Telko’s net sales increased by 4% to EUR 53.8 (51.6) million and its comparable operating profit remained flat at EUR 3.1 (3.1) million. Telko’s comparable operating profit rate was 5.8% (6.0%). Telko’s cashflow was strong during the third quarter as inventory levels were significantly reduced and are now well in balance with current demand. During the third quarter Telko completed almost all of the planned cost efficiency actions  which will generate close to full profit impact starting from the fourth quarter.Net sales of the plastics business remained at last year’s level during the third quarter  amounting to EUR 26.5 (26.5) million. The challenging market conditions continued in the third quarter and demand remained lower than normal market levels. Prices declined heavily during the second quarter but stabilized during the third quarter. Prices of volume plastics in Europe were on average 30% lower than in the previous year. However  Telko managed to compensate for lower prices by significant sales volume growth and thus managed to increase market share. In Engineering plastics price development and changes in demand have been more stable.Net sales of the chemicals business increased by 21% during the third quarter  amounting to EUR 14.9 (12.3) million. Net sales growth was primarily driven by the Eltrex acquisition. The demand was fairly low during the third quarter in most customer segments. Price erosion stopped in most product lines during the summer and towards the end of the third quarter prices were relatively stable. The integration of Eltrex has progressed as planned with sales development in line with targets and sales synergies starting to emerge.Net sales of the lubricants business decreased by 3% to EUR 12.4 (12.8) million. In Automotive lubricants sales declined slightly driven by lower consumer demand. Industrial lubricants continued to demonstrate very positive development.Telko’s net sales increased by 5% during January–September to EUR 162.3 (155.1) million  primarily driven by acquisitions. Telko’s comparable operating profit for the first three quarters was EUR 6.7 (9.6) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 4.1% (6.2%). Telko’s operating profit was at EUR 5.7 (6.0) million for January-September 2023 and the operating profit rate was 3.5% (3.9%).Telko outlookTelko has faced significant changes in its business environment during the year. Despite all the changes  the core of Telko’s strategy will remain the same. As a leading expert serving multiple industries  Telko is in a unique position to create value by improving its customers’ sustainability  productivity  and operational quality. Telko’s long-term growth efforts will increasingly be focused on Europe  and the main components of the company’s value proposition will remain unchanged.In general  the business outlook in the European market looks weaker than a year ago. Telko serves industrial customers in various industries. Possible changes in demand will be outbalanced by the heterogenic cyclicality of the diversified customer base  and hence Telko’s business is expected to remain fairly resilient to overall market development. In addition  Telko’s efforts to improve scalability and cost efficiency further stabilize performance.In plastics  overall market conditions will remain challenging for the coming months. There are no expectations of improvement in customer demand during the last quarter. Volume plastic prices are expected to be on a slightly higher level than during previous quarters  but still significantly lower than in the previous year. Sales margins are expected to recover as a result of more favorable price development. Telko expects to continue to increase market share both in volume and specialty products.In chemicals  demand is expected to remain fairly low during the fourth quarter in key markets. It is expected that the price erosion has stopped  and prices will be relatively stable following raw material price development. Ukraine is expected to suffer from extensive production shutdowns during the winter season.For lubricants  demand is expected soften slightly towards end of the year. Continued stable sales is expected for industrial lubricants during the last quarter  partially driven by growth in market share. The slower economic development will have an adverse impact on demand  especially for automotive lubricants. Market prices continue to be under pressure due to oversupply in the market.The recent acquisitions have proven to be successful  and they have had a positive impact on the existing businesses. Telko aims to accelerate its growth through acquisitions to achieve its strategic goals in all three business areas. Telko will also seek to strengthen its market share in its current markets through organic growth.In order to secure good profitability  Telko will further improve cost efficiency and continue to develop its operating model towards better scalability and flexibility. Good inventory control and capital efficiency will remain a high priority for Telko. The asset-light business model of Telko enables better ability to utilize new business opportunities and react to changes in the business environment.LeipurinLeipurin operates as part of the food chain  sourcing raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies  and supplying them through its effective logistics chain to serve customer needs. With operations in six countries including Finland  Sweden  the Baltic countries  and Ukraine  Leipurin serves bakeries  the food industry  and food service customers by providing raw materials  supporting research & development  recipes  and innovations for new products.7-9/2023 7-9/2022 Change % 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 Change % Net sales  MEUR 33.2 26.2 27 102.2 70.6 45 Operating profit  MEUR 2.0 -0.5 -500 4.6 -1.6 -388 Operating profit  % 6.0 -1.9 4.5 -2.3 Items affecting comparability  MEUR 0.7 -1.0 1.2 -2.2 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 1.3 0.5 160 3.4 0.6 467 Comparable operating profit  % 3.9 1.9 3.3 0.8Leipurin’s net sales increased by 27% during the third quarter to EUR 33.2 (26.2) million. Sales growth was primarily driven by the acquisition of Kobia and inflation. In Finland net sales increased by 3% to EUR 12.6 (12.2) million. In the Baltic countries  net sales decreased by 7% to EUR 8.7 (9.4) million. Net sales in Ukraine was on previous year’s level EUR 0.2 (0.2) million. Sweden was established as a new business unit following the acquisition of Kobia AB on September 1  2022  and it contributed with EUR 11.7 (4.4) million and approximately 35% of Leipurin’s net sales in the third quarter of 2023. During the third quarter  sales to bakeries increased by 26% to EUR 24.4 (19.4) million  driven by the Kobia acquisition. Sales to the food industry decreased by 7% to EUR 2.9 (3.1) million  driven by a decline in selected volume product categoriesThe heavy price increases experienced throughout last year flattened out towards the end of the third quarter this year  and some commodity items turned even into a price decline. Concurrently  the decline in kilo volumes flattened out across the board.The comparable operating profit for the third quarter stood at EUR 1.3 (0.5) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 3.9% (1.9%). The comparable operating profit of the comparison period was negatively affected by the reversal of an inventory fair value adjustment of EUR -0.4 million recognized in the Kobia acquisition. Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR 0.7 (-1.0) million  included the sales gain related to the sale and leaseback transaction of Leipurin’s property in Lithuania  and expenses related to the restructuring of the operating model in Sweden. In the comparative period the comparability was mainly affected by items related to the acquisition of Kobia. Leipurin’s operating profit for the third quarter was EUR 2.0 (-0.5) million and operating profit rate 6.0% (-1.9%).In January–September  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 45% to EUR 102.2 (70.6) million. Figures for the comparative period included EUR 4.3 million in net sales of the divested Vulganus Oy. Kobia AB’s acquisition contributed to the net sales growth by EUR 32.9 million and its share of Leipurin’s net sales was 36% during the period. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets had a significant impact on the euro-denominated increase in sales  particularly in the first quarter and the beginning of the second quarter.Leipurin’s comparable operating profit in January–September 2023 was EUR 3.4 (0.6) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 3.3% (0.8%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR 1.2 (-2.2) million  were mainly related to the gain on the sale and leaseback transactions of properties in Sweden and Lithuania. The comparative period was mainly affected by the destroyed warehouse in Ukraine  items related to the divestment of Vulganus  and acquisition of Kobia. The operating profit was EUR 4.6 (-1.6) million and operating profit rate 4.5% (-2.3%).Leipurin completed the sale and leaseback of the property in Gothenburg  Sweden during the first quarter  and the properties in Hässleholm and Tyresö  Sweden during the second quarter. These actions generated sales proceeds of EUR 13.6 million  which represents a significant share of the capital that was invested when acquiring Kobia AB. During the third quarter  Leipurin completed the sale and leaseback of the property in Kaunas  Lithuania at a sale price of EUR 1.1 million  and the goal going forward is to find modern and efficient facilities that are better suited to Leipurin Lithuania’s operations. The transactions will not have a significant impact on profitability going forward.Leipurin outlookAfter a period of significant volatility  the market is setting into more of an equilibrium. Both price and volume outlook remain somewhat volatile  but a general trend of price increases combined with overall volume decline is diminishing. Despite this  demand volatility has been exceptionally high in the third quarter  and forecasting monthly demand is therefore difficult. Leipurin expects inflation in Leipurin market segments and product categories to even out in the fourth quarter and into next year. Inflation-driven wage increases are expected to hit companies’ operating expenses at full scale next year.The operating model of Kobia has been re-structured  which will enable better focus to address the market segments in Sweden  including segments where Kobia has not operated in the past  as well as to address operational efficiency. As Kobia relies relatively heavily on domestic supplies  the weak Swedish krona doesn’t have a drastic effect on Kobia’s operating profit in SEK  but obviously it does affect Leipurin’s figures in euros.Leipurin strategy for the coming years is being finalized. Management sees clear opportunities for organic growth as well as efficiency improvements in the countries. To strengthen growth and company positioning  Leipurin evaluates possible acquisition opportunities  as well as opportunities to further strengthen business focus by divesting or discontinuing some non-core  low-profitability parts of the business.Non-core businessesThe Non-core businesses segment includes Telko Russia and Belarus as well as Kauko GmbH previously reported in the Telko segment  Leipurin Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan previously reported in the Leipurin segment and ESL Shipping Russia previously reported in the ESL Shipping segment. The Non-core businesses segment was established to separate the results of the non-core businesses of Aspo from the results of the continuing businesses. The Non-core businesses segment is presented as discontinued operations. All the entities in the segment are either held for sale  in the process of being closed down. Telko Russia was divested on April 30  2023 and Telko Belarus was discontinued on September 30  2023.7-9/2023 7-9/2022 Change % 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 Change % Net sales  MEUR 3.3 14.9 -78 13.0 71.7 -82 Operating profit  MEUR -1.5 0.6 -350 -9.6 10.0 -196 Operating profit  % -45.5 4.0 -73.8 13.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -2.0 -0.1 -9.7 -1.5 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 0.5 0.7 -29 0.1 11.5 -99 Comparable operating profit  % 15.2 4.7 0.8 16.0The net sales of the Non-core businesses segment declined by 78% during the third quarter to EUR 3.3 (14.9) million. The comparable operating profit was EUR 0.5 (0.7) million and the comparable operating profit rate was 15.2% (4.7%). The negative net sales development was primarily driven by the divestment of Telko’s Russian business. The comparable operating profit was primarily a result of Leipurin’s subsidiaries in Russia as well as positive net impact of currency fluctuations. The operating profit was EUR -1.5 (0.6) million. The operating profit included EUR -2.0 (-0.1) million of items affecting comparability  which were caused by an adjustment of the cumulative translation differences booked as part of the divestment loss of Telko’s subsidiary in Russia of EUR -0.7 million  a loss of EUR -1.0 million for the discontinuation of Telko’s subsidiary in Belarus  and EUR -0.3 million of valuation adjustments relating to the other eastern businesses held for sale.Telko’s subsidiary in Belarus was discontinued and derecognized from Aspo Group during the third quarter. The company is currently in liquidation. The recognized loss was EUR -0.8 million  including accumulated translation differences of EUR -1.0 million that were reclassified from the translation reserve in equity to other operating expenses in the profit and loss.In January–September  the net sales of the Non-core businesses segment decreased by 82% to EUR 13.0 (71.7) million. The comparable operating profit was EUR 0.1 (11.5) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 0.8% (16.0%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -9.7 (-1.5) million consisted of the divestment loss of Telko Russia EUR -8.1 million  the write down of Telko Russia’s inventory EUR -1.7 million  a loss of EUR -0 8 million for the discontinuation of Telko’s subsidiary in Belarus  and EUR 0.9 million of valuation adjustments relating to the other eastern businesses held for sale. The operating profit was EUR -9.6 (10.0) million  and the operating profit rate was -73.8% (13.9%).The divestment of Telko’s Russian subsidiary was completed during the second quarter. The company was sold to the Russian industrial operator GK Himik. The received sales price was EUR 5.7 million. The money received corresponded materially to the remaining value of the company in Aspo Group considering the impairment losses recognized already in 2022 and the valuation adjustments done in 2023. The loss on sale was EUR -8.1 million  including accumulated translation differences of EUR -10.2 million that were reclassified from the translation reserve in equity to other operating expenses in the profit and loss.Non-core businesses outlookAspo has not yet received acceptance to the sale of Leipurin Russia  by the necessary Russian governmental bodies. It is difficult to assess  when such acceptance will be received  and hence Aspo is in parallel assessing alternative measures for exiting Russia and selected other Eastern markets.The businesses held for sale are measured at fair value less cost to sell. The valuation is based on management judgement and may differ significantly from the outcome. On divestment  the cumulative translation differences of foreign subsidiaries are recognized as part of the sales gain or loss. At the end of the third quarter  the net asset value of the eastern businesses held for sale was EUR 2.7 million and the cumulative translation differences amounted to EUR -4.5 million. The translation differences fluctuate according to changes in exchange rates. The reclassification of the translation differences from the translation difference reserve to the profit and loss has no impact on Aspo Group’s total equity.Other operationsOther operations include Aspo Group’s administration  finance and ICT service center. In the third quarter the comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -1.0 (-1.0) million. The operating profit of the quarter was EUR -1.0 (-1.1) million. An item affecting comparability of EUR -0.1 million was reported in the third quarter of 2022 and it related to corporate restructuring.In January-September the comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -4.0 (-4.3) million and the operating profit was EUR -4.1 (-4.9) million. The improved profitability derives from some restructuring activities at Aspo Group level. The items affecting comparability of -0.1 million related to corporate restructuring costs. In January-September 2022  the items affecting comparability of EUR -0.6 million were related to the additional share-based remuneration granted to Aspo’s previous CEO of EUR -0.5 million and to EUR -0.1 million of corporate restructuring expenses.COMPANY INFORMATIONAspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade.Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of Aspo’s management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities.Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on September 30  2023  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 16 244 shares  i.e. approximately 0.05% of the share capital.Based on the authorization by the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to start a repurchasing program of the company's own shares on March 9  2023. Additional treasury shares were needed for the purposes of the share-based incentive programs. During the period from March 9 to March 31  2023  Aspo acquired a total of 36 194 of its own shares in trading organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under Industrial Goods and Services.In January-September 2023  a total of 1 315 036 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 9.8 million  were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  4 2% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 8.70 and a low of EUR 5.91. The average price was EUR 7.45 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 5.97. At the end of the review period  the market value  less treasury shares  was EUR 187.5 million.The company had 11 631 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 907 927 shares  or 2.9% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders.RemunerationShare-based incentive plan 2023–2025On February 15  2023  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors approved a new incentive plan for the Group key employees by establishing a new Performance Share Plan 2023–2025. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and the key employees in order to increase the value of the Company in the long-term  to retain the key employees at the Company  and to offer them competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the Company´s shares.Rewards earned from each of the three performance periods of the Performance Share Plan will be based on the Group’s Earnings per Share (EPS) and two criteria based on sustainability targets. The prerequisite for participation in the plan and for receipt of reward on the basis of the program is that a key person holds the Company's shares or acquires the Company's shares  up to the number predetermined by the Board of Directors.The potential reward will be paid partly in the Company´s shares and partly in cash in 2024  2025 and 2026. The cash proportion is intended to cover taxes and tax-related costs arising from the reward to a key employee. As a rule  no reward will be paid if a key employee´s employment or service ends before the reward payment. The shares paid as reward may not be transferred during the restriction period. As a rule  if a key employee´s employment contract or director contract terminates during the restriction period  he or she must gratuitously return the shares earned as reward.The Performance Share Plan 2023–2025 is directed to a maximum of 30 participants  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The rewards to be paid on the basis of the plan correspond to the value of a maximum total of 320 000 Aspo Plc shares including also the proportion to be paid in cash.Share-based incentive plan 2022–2024On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators.The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash.For the 2022 earnings period  the targets were met at 90% overall. On March 29  2023  Aspo Plc granted 76 050 treasury shares to employees included in the plan. The transfer was based on the share issue authorization of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022.Share-based incentive plan 2020In June 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors granted 20 000 Aspo shares to Aspo’s CEO Rolf Jansson based on the share-based incentive plan for 2020 and the conditions of the CEO’s contract of service. 10 000 of the shares and an amount of cash equaling their value to cover taxes were transferred in June 2022 and at the same time  Jansson acquired 10 000 shares from the markets at his own expense in accordance with the contract. A second transfer of equal nature and quantity took place in June 2023.Decisions of the Annual Shareholders’ MeetingDividendAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 4  2023  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 17  2023.In addition  the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization is valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. The Board of Directors will decide in its meeting agreed to be held on November 1  2023  of the second dividend distribution which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date.All the decisions of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting can be found on www.aspo.com.FINANCIAL INFORMATIONAspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income7-9/2023 7-9/2022 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operationsNet sales 130.0 142.8 404.2 407.8 560.7 Other operating income 1.5 0.1 3.4 2.0 3.0 Materials and services -82.3 -84.1 -257.1 -238.8 -332.2 Employee benefit expenses -11.4 -11.3 -36.3 -35.7 -48.8 Depreciation  amortization  and impairment losses -4.9 -4.8 -14.4 -12.9 -18.0 Depreciation and impairment losses  leased assets -3.5 -3.8 -10.4 -11.5 -15.2 Other operating expenses -21.3 -27.1 -69.9 -83.4 -111.1 Operating profit 8.1 11.8 19.5 27.5 38.4 Financial income and expenses -2.5 -1.9 -6.6 -4.0 -5.9 Profit before taxes 5.6 9.9 12.9 23.5 32.5 Income taxes -0.3 -0.7 0.3 -1.4 -1.7 Profit from continuing operations 5.3 9.2 13.2 22.1 30.8 Profit from discontinued operation (attributable to equity holders of the company) -1.4 0.2 -7.8 4.0 -10.1 Profit for the period 3.9 9.4 5.4 26.1 20.7 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences 1.7 -2.1 6.8 6.0 -1.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes 1.7 -2.1 6.8 6.0 -1.2 Total comprehensive income 5.6 7.3 12.2 32.1 19.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders 3.9 9.4 5.4 26.1 20.7 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders 5.6 7.3 12.2 32.1 19.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations 0.15 0.30 0.37 0.70 0.93 Discontinued operations -0.05 0.00 -0.25 0.12 -0.32Total 0.10 0.30 0.12 0.82 0.61Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet9/2023 9/2022 12/2022 Assets MEUR MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 51.3 47.4 46.8 Tangible assets 163.8 181.0 178.4 Leased assets 20.0 20.4 15.9 Other non-current assets 2.3 1.8 1.5 Total non-current assets 237.4 250.6 242.6 Inventories 60.6 79.3 69.9 Accounts receivable and other receivables 77.8 83.4 69.3 Cash and cash equivalents 31.1 43.7 21.7 169.5 206.4 160.9 Assets held for sale 3.8 3.0 12.4 Total current assets 173.3 209.4 173.3 Total assets 410.7 460.0 415.9 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 22.0 Other equity 124.5 142.2 121.7 Total equity 146.5 164.2 143.7 Loans and overdraft facilities 100.6 156.7 154.3 Lease liabilities 7.6 5.5 4.6 Other liabilities 6.1 7.9 7.6 Total non-current liabilities 114.3 170.1 166.5 Loans and overdraft facilities 66.3 25.9 17.8 Lease liabilities 13.3 15.5 11.7 Accounts payable and other liabilities 69.2 82.2 72.3 148.8 123.6 101.8 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 1.1 2.1 3.9 Total current liabilities 149.9 125.7 105.7 Total equity and liabilities 410.7 460.0 415.9Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement1-9/2023 1-9/2022 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 9.9 36.0 31.2 Adjustments to operating profit 29.8 25.6 50.6 Change in working capital 4.0 -5.8 -6.7 Interest paid -6.3 -6.8 -4.2 Interest received 0.5 0.6 0.3 Income taxes paid -2.9 -3.9 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 35.0 45.7 67.7 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -11.7 -15.2 -17.8 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 11.8 1.8 1.8 Acquisition of businesses -3.9 -15.6 -17.9 Disposal of businesses -4.5 1.2 0.3 Dividends received 0.3 0.3 Net cash used in investing activities -8.0 -27.8 -33.3 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 30.0 29.6 29.6 Repayment of loans -35.8 -8.3 -18.7 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 -5.0 Payments for purchase of own shares -0.3 Payments of lease liabilities -10.8 -12.3 -16.2 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -2.6 -1.8 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 -0.3 Dividends paid -7.2 -7.2 -14.1 Net cash used in financing activities -26.7 4.7 -16.5 Change in cash and cash equivalents 0.3 22.6 17.8 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 33.6 17.7 17.7 Translation differences -1.1 3.4 0.0 Change in impairment of cash and cash equivalents 1.8 -2.0 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end  Group total 34.6 43.7 33.6 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale -3.5 0.0 -11.9 Cash and cash equivalents in balance sheet 31.1 43.7 21.7Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2023 22.0 16.5 30.0 -26.0 101.2 143.7 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 5.4 5.4 Translation differences -4.4 -4.4 Reclassification of translation differences 11.2 11.2 Total comprehensive income 6.8 5.4 12.2 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -7.2 -7.2 Hybrid bond interest -2.0 -2.0 Purchase of own shares -0.3 -0.3 Share-based incentive plan 0.1 0.1 Total transactions -9.4 -9.4 with owners Equity September 30  2023 22.0 16.5 30.0 -19.2 97.2 146.5 Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 26.1 26.1 Translation differences 6.0 6.0 Total comprehensive income 6.0 26.1 32.1 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -7.2 -7.2 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -0.8 -0.8 issuance costs Share-based incentive plan 0.7 0.7 Total transactions 10.0 -7.3 2.7 with owners Equity September 30  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -18.8 114.5 164.2Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s interim report has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2022 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the 2022 consolidated financial statements. The information in this interim report is unaudited.Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 64 of Aspo’s Year 2022 publication.PersonnelAt the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 810 employees (886 at the end of 2022)  of which discontinued operations accounted for 81 (130) employees.Segment informationAspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko  Leipurin and Non-core businesses.From the beginning of year 2023 Aspo has reported the eastern businesses held for sale in a new segment called Non-core businesses and at the same time  Aspo has classified the new segment as discontinued operations. The comparative figures have been restated for all segments impacted by this financial reporting restructuring.The Non-core businesses segment includes Telko Russia and Belarus as well as Kauko GmbH previously reported in the Telko segment  Leipurin Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan previously reported in the Leipurin segment as well as ESL Shipping Russia previously reported in the ESL Shipping segment. The Non-core businesses segment was established to separate the results of the non-core businesses of Aspo from the results of the continuing businesses. All the entities in the segment are either held for sale  in the process of being closed down or already divested.Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the Group's profit before taxes from continuing operations 1-9/2023 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 13.3 5.7 4.6 -4.1 19.5 Net financial expenses -6.6 -6.6 Profit before taxes 12.9 1-9/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 28.0 6.0 -1.6 -4.9 27.5 Net financial expenses -4.0 -4.0 Profit before taxes 23.5The unallocated operating profit of EUR -4.1 (-4.9) million includes the result of other operations.Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for saleThe Non-core businesses segment established in the beginning of the year has been classified as discontinued operations in accordance with the IFRS 5 standard. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures for the comparative periods have been restated. In the comparative periods the discontinued operations also include the figures of Kauko Oy  which was divested on October 31  2022.The divestment of Telko’s Russian subsidiary was completed during the second quarter. The company was sold to the Russian industrial operator GK Himik. The sales price received was EUR 5.7 million which materially corresponded to the carrying value of the divested company's net assets considering the impairment losses recognized already in 2022 and the valuation adjustments done in 2023. The loss on divestment was EUR -8.1 million  including accumulated translation differences of EUR -10.2 million that were reclassified from the translation reserve in equity to other operating expenses in profit and loss. The amount of cumulative translation differences booked as part of the divestment loss was adjusted by EUR -0.7 million in the third quarter of 2023. The costs to sell amounted to EUR -0.6 million.Telko’s subsidiary in Belarus was discontinued and derecognized from Aspo Group during the third quarter. The company is currently in liquidation. The recognized loss was EUR -0.8 million  including accumulated translation differences of EUR -1.0 million that were reclassified from the translation reserve in equity to other operating expenses in the profit and loss.Profit from discontinued operations 7-9/2023 7-9/2022 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 3.3 17.2 13.0 80.1 91.9 Other operating income 0.0 0.1 0.0 0.2 0.3 Materials and services -2.8 -14.1 -11.0 -60.6 -77.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.3 -1.4 -1.8 -5.9 -7.1 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -0.1 -0.1 0.1 -1.5 -3.1 Depreciation  leased assets 0.0 -0.2 -0.1 -0.5 -1.5 Other operating expenses -1.6 -1.0 -9.8 -3.3 -10.1 Operating profit -1.5 0.5 -9.6 8.5 -7.2 Financial income and expenses 0.2 -0.2 1.9 -3.0 -0.4 Profit before taxes -1.3 0.3 -7.7 5.5 -7.6 Income taxes -0.1 -0.1 -0.1 -1.5 -2.5 Profit for the period -1.4 0.2 -7.8 4.0 -10.1Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities 1.2 29.4 32.5 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities -4.4 0.0 -1.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -0.3 -2.1 -2.1 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations-3.5 27.3 29.4Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Non-core businesses segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows. In the comparison periods the figures also include Kauko Oy’s cash flows.The cash flow from the sale of Telko’s subsidiary in Russia was EUR -4.4 million and it is presented in the cash flow from investing activities. The cash received as purchase consideration was EUR 5.7 million and the divested company’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to EUR 10.1 million.In 2022  the cash flow from the divestment of Kauko Oy EUR -1.0 million is included in the cash flow from investing activities. The cost to sell Kauko of EUR -0.4 million is presented in the cash flow from operating activities. The cash flow from financing mainly consisted of repayments of Kauko Oy’s interest-bearing loans in 2022.Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 9/2023 9/2022 12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR Assets of discontinued operations 3.8 3.0 12.4 Assets classified as held for sale  total 3.8 3.0 12.4 Liabilities of discontinued operations 1.1 2.1 3.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total1.1 2.1 3.9At the end of the third quarter of 2023 and at the end of year 2022 assets and liabilities of discontinued operations include the assets and liabilities of the Non-core businesses segment. In the comparative period 9/2022 they include the assets and liabilities of Kauko operating segment.The assets and businesses held for sale are measured at fair value less cost to sell. On divestment  the cumulative translation differences of foreign subsidiaries are recognized as part of the sales gain or loss. At the end of the third quarter  the net asset value of the eastern businesses held for sale was EUR 2.7 million and the cumulative translation differences amounted to EUR -4.5 million. The translation differences fluctuate according to changes in exchange rates. The reclassification of the translation differences from the translation difference reserve to the profit and loss has no impact on Aspo Group’s total equity.Restricted cash and cash equivalentsIn Russia  Aspo Group has EUR 3.4 million in cash and cash equivalents  the use of which is strictly restricted by the Russian Government and controlled by the banks. The value of these cash and cash equivalents in the Group balance sheet is EUR 3.2 million  as impairments of EUR 0.2 million have been recognized on them. Cash and cash equivalents in Russia are presented under assets held for sale on the balance sheet. During the year it has still been possible to receive dividend payments and make commercial payments with Russian entities. Also  during the second quarter Aspo received the payment of EUR 5.7 million for the sale of Telko Russia. According to our understanding and experience  the sales price of the Leipurin entities classified as held for sale is also expected to be received in conjunction with the sale of the entities. However  there is a risk that the Group does not have access to the cash and cash equivalents in full in Russia  and therefore they are considered restricted in accordance with IAS 7.Acquisition of EltrexOn January 31  Telko acquired Eltrex  a Polish distributor of specialty chemicals and industrial packaging materials  with net sales of approximately EUR 8 million and operating profit slightly less than EUR 1.0 million in 2022.The estimated total consideration of EUR 4.9 million will be paid fully in cash  and EUR 3.9 million has already been paid. The rest of the consideration will be paid in the years 2024 and 2025 based on the earn-out clause of the purchase agreement. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value on the acquisition date. A fair value adjustment of EUR 3.1 million was made on intangible assets based on customer relationships  non-compete clauses and trademarks  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventories was EUR 0.1 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments was EUR 0.6 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities corresponded to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 1.3 million was recognized from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately EUR 0.4 million were recognized in the Telko segment’s other operating expenses.Preliminary acquisition calculation of Eltrex 9/2023 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 4.9 Total consideration 4.9 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed  fair value Intangible assets 3.4 Leased assets 0.6 Inventories 1.4 Accounts receivable and other receivables 1.1 Total assets 6.5 Interest bearing liabilities 1.3 Accounts payable and other liabilities 1.0 Deferred tax liability 0.6 Total liabilities 2.9 Net assets acquired 3.6 Goodwill 1.3Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales  from continuing operationsTelko net sales 7-9/2023 7-9/2022 Change 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 Change 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % MEUR Business area: Plastics business 26.5 26.5 0.0 77.8 82.0 -5.1 110.1 Chemicals business 14.9 12.3 21.1 46.7 36.6 27.6 49.2 Lubricants business 12.4 12.8 -3.1 37.8 36.5 3.6 50.1 Telko total 53.8 51.6 4.3 162.3 155.1 4.6 209.4Leipurin net sales 7-9/2023 7-9/2022 Change 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 Change 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % MEUR Regions: Finland 12.6 12.2 3.3 37.1 34.3 8.2 46.6 Sweden 11.7 4.4 165.9 37.3 4.4 747.7 17.3 Baltics 8.7 9.4 -7.4 27.2 26.8 1.5 36.8 Ukraine 0.2 0.2 0.0 0.6 0.8 -25.0 0.9 Total 33.2 26.2 26.7 102.2 66.3 54.1 101.6 of which: Bakeries 24.4 19.4 25.8 75.0 49.2 52.4 74.9 Food Industry 2.9 3.1 -6.5 8.9 8.3 7.2 11.8 Retail  foodservice  other 5.9 3.7 59.5 18.3 8.8 108.0 14.9 Vulganus 0.0 -100.0 4.3 -100.0 4.3 Leipurin total 33.2 26.2 26.7 102.2 70.6 44.8 105.9Net sales by timing of revenue recognition 7-9/2023 7-9/2022 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 0.0 1.0 0.1 2.9 3.5 Over time 43.0 64.0 139.6 179.2 241.9 43.0 65.0 139.7 182.1 245.4 Telko At a point in time 53.7 51.5 162.0 154.8 209.0 Over time 0.1 0.1 0.3 0.3 0.4 53.8 51.6 162.3 155.1 209.4 Leipurin At a point in time 33.2 26.2 102.2 67.3 102.6 Over time 0.0 0.0 0.0 3.3 3.3 33.2 26.2 102.2 70.6 105.9 Total At a point in time 86.9 78.7 264.3 225.0 315.1 Over time 43.1 64.1 139.9 182.8 245.6 130.0 142.8 404.2 407.8 560.7Net sales by market area 7-9/2023 7-9/2022 1-9/2023 1-9/2022 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 23.5 32.8 70.2 88.9 121.5 Scandinavia countries 13.0 18.3 40.2 46.6 58.5 Baltic countries 0.0 0.5 0.4 2.4 2.9 Other European countries 5.9 11.9 21.0 37.3 48.2 Other countries 0.6 1.5 7.9 6.9 14.3 43.0 65.0 139.7 182.1 245.4 Telko Finland 11.2 11.9 36.8 39.8 53.5 Scandinavia countries 14.6 15.4 42.1 47.6 61.7 Baltic countries 6.8 6.7 21.6 20.6 28.3 Other European countries 13.3 10.6 35.9 29.5 39.0 Other countries 7.9 7.0 25.9 17.6 26.9 53.8 51.6 162.3 155.1 209.4 Leipurin Finland 12.6 12.2 37.1 37.1 49.4 Scandinavia countries 11.6 4.3 36.8 4.7 17.4 Baltic countries 8.6 9.4 27.1 26.7 36.6 Other European countries 0.4 0.3 1.2 2.0 2.4 Other countries 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.1 0.1 33.2 26.2 102.2 70.6 105.9 Total Finland 47.3 56.9 144.1 165.8 224.4 Scandinavia countries 39.2 38.0 119.1 98.9 137.6 Baltic countries 15.4 16.6 49.1 49.7 67.8 Other European countries 19.6 22.8 58.1 68.8 89.6 Other countries 8.5 8.5 33.8 24.6 41.3 130.0 142.8 404.2 407.8 560.7Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Non-core Group MEUR businesses total Investments 1-9/2023 10.8 0.7 0.1 0.1 11.7 Investments 1-9/2022 14.3 0.7 0.1 0.0 15.1Green Coaster investment commitmentAtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. The new vessels are built at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India  and first of them  Electramar  is expected to be delivered during the fourth quarter of 2023.Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2022 224.8 85.7 68.5 12.4 24.5 415.9 Assets Sep 30  2023 233.4 78.7 59.9 3.8 34.9 410.7 Liabilities Dec 31  2022 32.3 34.4 16.4 3.9 185.2 272.2 Liabilities Sep 30  2023 32.0 46.9 20.7 1.1 163.5 264.2Events after the review periodOn October 20 Leipurin signed an agreement for a sale of its bakery equipment business to Orat Oy. The transaction price is approximately EUR 0.5 million and includes the business and related inventory. Closing of the transaction requires certain approvals of business partners and is expected to take place by the end of the year. The divestment supports Leipurin’s strategy to be a focused  Nordic ingredient and service company.Helsinki  November 1  2023Aspo PlcBoard of DirectorsPress and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on Wednesday November 1  2023  at 2 p.m. The event is also open to private investors  and participants are requested to register beforehand by emailing viestinta@aspo.com.The interim report will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the event.The event will be held in English  and it can also be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/q3-2023. Questions can be asked after the event by telephone by registering through the following link: http://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=1009759. After registering  participants will be given a telephone number and identifier to participate in the telephone conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Helsinki  November 1  2023Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto Meitsalo CEO CFOFor more information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  CEO  Aspo Plc  tel. +358 400 600 264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 800 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.2,0.78,0.02,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['Aspo Group Interim Financial Report', 'Q3 results', 'previous year', 'record level', 'September', 'Aspo Group Interim Financial Report', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'new segment structure', 'Free cash flow', 'Group total level', 'continuing operations profit', 'record level', 'operating activities', 'Net cash', 'Aspo Plc', 'Q3 results', 'comparative periods', 'Net sales', 'ESL Shipping', 'Specified guidance', 'Previous guidance', 'Rolf Jansson', 'third quarter', 'previous quarter', 'Other operations', 'discontinued operations', 'previous year', 'corresponding period', 'Key figures', 'Equity ratio', 'November', 'January', 'September', 'brackets', 'beginning', 'July', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Earnings', 'share', 'May', 'MEUR', 'taxes', 'EPS', 'Return', 'ROE', 'CEO', 'profitability', 'expectations', 'improved', 'performance', 'businesses', '9', '30', '2022', '2023']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32138,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.luxuo.com/editors-picks/grace-zhou-the-pr-maven-behind-the-success-of-raffles-public-relations.html,Grace Zhou: The PR Maven Behind The Success of Raffles Public Relations,Meet the woman behind Raffles PR  who knows a thing or two about how to run a successful PR campaign and how to handle a PR crisis.The post Grace Zhou: The PR Maven Behind The Success of Raffles Public Relations appeared first on LUXUO.,Nov 01  2023 | By Florence SuttonMs Grace Zhou  Founder Raffles Public RelationsWith years of experience in the corporate world and an MBA in entrepreneurship from the University of Louisville  USA to her name  Grace Zhou took the leap to establish her own PR consultancy  Raffles PR and never looked back. Today  Raffles PR has grown to serve clients likes of GreaterHeat  Tokenize Xchange  Eurex Exchange  Deutsche Börse AG  STOXX  Clearstream  SINOPEC  Simpson Marine  Success Resources  Lee Kum Kee  among many others. With a proven track record in leading major projects  Zhou knows how to create impactful narratives. Effectively bilingual in both English and Chinese  Zhou caters to clients’ PR needs with dedication and personal finesse. Beyond being “respected as having a nose for a killing story”  Zhou’s extensive network of international and local media contacts enables her to deliver compelling stories that resonate with audiences worldwide. Zhou speaks to LUXUO to discuss her accomplished career as the region’s top PR professional  how she overcame the challenging nature of the PR industry and cluing us in to how she meets her client’s demands.You were born in China. What brought you to Singapore and to the exciting yet challenging world of PR?I was born and raised in Beijing  where winters are often overcast  and I craved a sunnier climate. The moment I visited Singapore to see my sister and brother-in-law when I was on a holiday here  I fell in love with the city’s tropical weather. The warmth and the opportunity to make friends from various parts of the world made me feel at home  which is why I decided to become a naturalised Singapore citizen. It was in Singapore that I was introduced to the dynamic world of PR  all thanks to my close friend and business partner  Danny Chaplin. He was my guiding light  teaching me the ropes of the PR industry  and it’s through his mentorship that I have the privilege of running my own PR business today.Raffles PR has experienced an amazing growth over the past years. How would you explain such growth given the challenging nature of the PR market  especially in Singapore?The growth of Raffles PR in recent years can be attributed to several factors. In 2020  I came across an article in The Straits Times that shed light on the vulnerability of PR jobs  especially during the initial phases of the COVID-19 pandemic. While this information was initially disheartening  it served as a stark reminder of the challenging landscape within the PR industry. However  when the opportunity arose to represent companies in emerging and dynamic sectors such as cryptocurrency  NFTs  Web3  and AI  I felt a surge of excitement and gratitude. The successful promotion of clients in these cutting-edge fields demanded a unique blend of courage  creativity  and the wisdom accrued through years of experience. Our team demonstrated the foresight to venture into this uncharted territory and the bravery to wholeheartedly embrace it. Singapore  positioned at the forefront of the digitalization revolution  provided the ideal backdrop for such a venture. As I reflect on this journey  it’s undeniably marked by challenges  but the rewards have been profoundly satisfying.Ms Grace Zhou  Founder Raffles Public RelationsWhat skills have you acquired which help you communicate a client’s message?One of the key skills I’ve acquired that helps me effectively communicate a client’s message is the ability to actively listen. Being a good listener allows me to understand the client’s goals  values  and specific message they want to convey. It also enables me to comprehend the needs and preferences of the media outlets we work with  ensuring that the message aligns with their interests and audience. Additionally  another crucial skill in a PR agency is adaptability. The media landscape is constantly evolving  and the ability to adapt to new technologies  platforms  and trends is vital for successful message communication. Being adaptable ensures that we can tailor our strategies to suit the changing needs of our clients and the mediaWhat do you think makes a PR campaign successful?A successful PR campaign is characterised by several key factors. Firstly  a well-defined and clear message is essential. This message should be tailored to resonate with the target audience and align with the client’s goals. Secondly  effective media relations play a critical role. Building and nurturing strong relationships with journalists  influencers  and media outlets ensure that the message is effectively communicated to the right channels. Lastly  measurement and adaptability are vital for success. Continuous monitoring and analysis of campaign performance allow for adjustments to be made in real-time  ensuring that the campaign remains on track and achieves its objectivesHow do you choose angles for a story pitch?Selecting effective angles for a story pitch is crucial in PR. Firstly  thorough research is essential. Understanding the client’s objectives  the target audience  and the current media landscape helps identify angles that will resonate. Second  creativity and uniqueness are key. Identifying a fresh and captivating angle that stands out in a crowded news space is critical to grab media attention. Lastly  relevance is vital. The chosen angle should be aligned with current events  trends  or issues  ensuring it’s not only compelling but also timely and relatable to the audience and the media.How do you react when a client disagrees with your PR strategy?When a client disagrees with our PR strategy  I approach the situation by initiating a constructive dialogue. I believe it’s essential to delve deeper into the client’s perspective  asking questions to gain a comprehensive understanding of their viewpoint and the rationale behind their preferred strategy. This open communication allows us to explore their concerns  objectives  and expectations more thoroughly. Ultimately  the aim is to align our efforts  as we both share the common goal of achieving successful PR outcomes. Throughout my experience  this collaborative approach has proven effective in bridging gaps and arriving at a mutually agreeable strategy that serves the client’s needs while staying in line with our expertise. In the end  we’ve always managed to reach an agreement because we share the same goal.Ms Grace Zhou  Founder Raffles Public RelationsWhat has been your biggest PR challenge  and how did you handle it?In my PR career  challenges have been a constant presence  but I’ve come to see them as opportunities for growth. One of the most significant challenges I’ve faced is maintaining composure and focus in the face of occasional disappointments and obstacles. When confronted with such situations  I employ a multi-faceted approach. Firstly  I turn to my experienced colleagues for advice and insights  drawing from their wisdom and perspectives. Additionally  I find it beneficial to step back temporarily from the challenge  allowing myself some emotional distance to gain a fresh outlook. When I return to tackle the challenge with a renewed mindset  it often appears less daunting than before. Through patience  perseverance and the support of my professional network  I’ve consistently found that challenges eventually resolve  and I’ve emerged from them with valuable experience and enhanced resilience.What has been your proudest achievement while leading Raffles PR?My proudest achievement has been my commitment to continually educating myself and staying adaptable in an ever-changing landscape. I’m grateful for the opportunity to have been among the early PR professionals in Singapore to work with clients in the yachting and marina industry. As I’ve continued my journey  I’ve also had the privilege of working with clients in innovative fields like crypto  blockchain  Web3  and AI  etc. These experiences have highlighted the importance of staying current with industry trends and embracing new opportunities as they arise.Have you had to work with a team to handle a PR crisis?Thankfully  we have not encountered any PR crises with our clients that required immediate crisis management intervention. We place a strong emphasis on proactive and preventative PR strategies to mitigate potential crises before they escalate. We continuously monitor and evaluate PR campaigns to ensure they align with our clients’ objectives and maintain a positive public image. While we haven’t faced a major crisis  we remain vigilant and ready to respond swiftly should the need ever arise.Social media versus traditional media  how key are these two sides of the contemporary media scene?Social media and traditional media both play key roles in the contemporary media scene. Social media offers immediacy  interactivity  and wide-reaching global connectivity  while traditional media  such as newspapers  television  and radio  continues to provide credibility  in-depth reporting  and established audience trust. The synergy between these two sides is essential  with each offering unique advantages and serving different communication needs. Organizations and individuals should strategically use both to effectively reach and engage their target audiences.Ms Grace Zhou  Founder Raffles Public RelationsYou seem to be working with a healthy number of Tech and Finance clients  why is that?Over the years  I’ve been lucky to work with many clients in the tech and finance fields. My strong interest in numbers  which has been with me since school days  seems to have drawn me towards these sectors  even though I majored in literature in university. Serving clients in tech and finance sections offers distinctive challenges  and I find solving these complex challenges intellectually stimulating and fulfilling.What are the specific needs of yachting-related clients in terms of PR?Raffles PR has worked on such yachting clients as Simpson Marine and I have also had experience working on other yachting-related business through my close association partnering with Danny Chaplin whose PR company handled Boat Asia for many years running in addition to ONE°15 Marina Club. Yachting-related clients have special PR needs because they are in the luxury and exclusive yacht industry. They want their privacy respected and any sensitive information kept confidential. Maintaining their good reputation is a top priority  and they prefer media coverage in upscale  luxury outlets. Hosting events  creating appealing content  and collaborating with influencers are essential to showcase their yachts and experiences. They also need to be ready to manage crises  understand international markets  and follow the rules. Being eco-friendly and sustainable is becoming more important nowadays. Personalized PR plans  a strong online presence  and working with luxury brands are also essential for success in the yachting business.In which direction do you see the PR scene evolving towards? Any new major challenges ahead?The PR scene is heading in a digital direction with a strong focus on online tools and social media. It’s also becoming more data-driven  with a need to measure the impact of PR efforts. Some of the new challenges include addressing fake news and misinformation  staying updated with fast-paced digital trends  and ensuring trust in an environment with a lot of conflicting information. So  PR’s future is about using technology and data  but it also means dealing with trust and accuracy challenges.If you were to mention one mentor who has influenced you in your life and career  who would that be?I’ve been fortunate to have had mentor figures at various stages of my life and career  but one person who has had the most profound influence on me is my father. His life journey has been marked by resilience and adaptability. Growing up in a well-off family  he faced sudden financial adversity due to political changes at that time in China. Throughout it all  he maintained his unwavering optimism  never giving in to complaints  and always holding his head high. Even after retirement  he continued to be a lifelong learner. His ability to embrace change with a positive attitude and a thirst for knowledge has deeply inspired me. I wholeheartedly admire his resilience  and he remains my greatest role model.For more on the latest in featured leaders and interviews  click here,neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,mixed,0.63,0.27,0.1,True,English,"['Raffles Public Relations', 'Grace Zhou', 'The', 'PR', 'Success', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Founder Raffles Public Relations', 'Lee Kum Kee', 'leading major projects', 'The Straits Times', 'effective media relations', 'local media contacts', 'proven track record', 'top PR professional', 'current media landscape', 'several key factors', 'Ms Grace Zhou', 'naturalised Singapore citizen', 'successful message communication', 'successful PR campaign', 'clients’ PR needs', 'several factors', 'Raffles PR', 'successful promotion', 'challenging landscape', 'media outlets', 'Florence Sutton', 'PR consultancy', 'Tokenize Xchange', 'Eurex Exchange', 'many others', 'impactful narratives', 'personal finesse', 'killing story', 'extensive network', 'compelling stories', 'challenging nature', 'PR industry', 'exciting yet', 'sunnier climate', 'tropical weather', 'various parts', 'close friend', 'business partner', 'Danny Chaplin', 'PR business', 'PR market', 'PR jobs', 'initial phases', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'stark reminder', 'dynamic sectors', 'cutting-edge fields', 'unique blend', 'uncharted territory', 'digitalization revolution', 'ideal backdrop', 'key skills', 'good listener', 'crucial skill', 'PR agency', 'new technologies', 'changing needs', 'critical role', 'strong relationships', 'right channels', 'Continuous monitoring', 'campaign performance', 'story pitch', 'effective angles', 'thorough research', 'corporate world', 'challenging world', 'dynamic world', 'target audience', 'Success Resources', 'guiding light', 'past years', 'recent years', 'specific message', 'clear message', 'amazing growth', 'Nov', 'experience', 'MBA', 'University', 'Louisville', 'USA', 'name', 'leap', 'GreaterHeat', 'Clearstream', 'SINOPEC', 'Simpson', 'Marine', 'English', 'Chinese', 'dedication', 'nose', 'international', 'audiences', 'career', 'region', 'demands', 'China', 'Beijing', 'winters', 'sister', 'brother', 'law', 'holiday', 'love', 'city', 'warmth', 'opportunity', 'friends', 'home', 'ropes', 'mentorship', 'privilege', 'article', 'vulnerability', 'information', 'companies', 'emerging', 'cryptocurrency', 'NFTs', 'Web', 'surge', 'excitement', 'gratitude', 'courage', 'creativity', 'wisdom', 'team', 'foresight', 'bravery', 'forefront', 'venture', 'journey', 'challenges', 'rewards', 'goals', 'values', 'preferences', 'interests', 'adaptability', 'platforms', 'trends', 'strategies', 'defined', 'journalists', 'influencers', 'measurement', 'analysis', 'adjustments', 'real-time', 'objectives']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,luxuo.com
32139,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-UBS-reiterates-its-Neutral-rating-45207736/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : UBS reiterates its Neutral rating -November 01  2023 at 05:07 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) UBS analyst Michael Werner maintains his Neutral opinion on the stock. The target price remains unchanged at EUR 185.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-UBS-reiterates-its-Neutral-rat…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Neutral rating', 'UBS', 'November', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2770766/0/en/argenx-to-Present-at-Upcoming-Investor-Conferences.html,argenx to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences,November 1  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in sev…,November 1  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in several upcoming investor conferences in November:Guggenheim 5th Annual Inflammation & Immunology Conference. Fireside chat on Tuesday  November 7  2023 at 10:30 a.m. ET in New York  NY.Fireside chat on Tuesday  November 7  2023 at 10:30 a.m. ET in New York  NY. Truist Securities BioPharma Symposium. Management will participate in investor meetings on Wednesday  November 8  2023 in New York  NY.Management will participate in investor meetings on Wednesday  November 8  2023 in New York  NY. Jefferies London Healthcare Conference. Management will participate in investor meetings on Tuesday  November 14  2023 in London  UK.A live webcast of the Guggenheim fireside chat may be accessed on the Investor section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately 30 days following the fireside chat.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  China and Canada. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Erin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.com,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'argenx', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'Truist Securities BioPharma Symposium', 'Guggenheim 5th Annual Inflammation', 'several upcoming investor conferences', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'Guggenheim fireside chat', 'Immunology Conference', 'The Company', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'investor meetings', 'Investor section', 'New York', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Erin Murphy', 'Alexandra Roy', 'Lynn Elton', 'live webcast', 'argenx website', 'November', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'members', 'management', 'Tuesday', '10:30 a', 'Wednesday', 'UK', 'investors', 'replay', '30 days', 'IIP', 'first', 'Japan', 'Israel', 'China', 'Canada', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32141,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-12738425/news/Pharming-Group-to-participate-in-November-investor-conferences-45206380/,Pharming Group to participate in November investor conferences,(marketscreener.com) Leiden  The Netherlands  November 1  2023: Pharming Group N.V. announces that Pharming’s management will participate in the following investor conferences in the month of November: Stifel 2023 Healthcare Conference  New York  November 14-…,Leiden  The Netherlands  November 1  2023: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming”) (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming’s management will participate in the following investor conferences in the month of November:Stifel 2023 Healthcare Conference  New York  November 14-15Anurag Relan  Chief Medical Officer will participate in a fireside chat  question and answer session on Tuesday  November 14 at 08:35 am ET/14:35 CET.Anurag Relan  Chief Medical Officer will participate in a fireside chat  question and answer session on Tuesday  November 14 at 08:35 am ET/14:35 CET. Jefferies London Healthcare Conference 2023  London  U.K.  November 14-16Sijmen de Vries  Chief Executive Officer will present on Wednesday  November 15 at 08:30 GMT/09:30 CET.For more information about these conferences  or to schedule a one-to-one meeting with Pharming’s management team  please contact Pharming’s Investor Relations team at investor@pharming.com or your Stifel or Jefferies representative.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nl,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['November investor conferences', 'Pharming Group', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Stifel 2023 Healthcare Conference', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Investor Relations team', 'Jefferies representative', 'gene therapies', 'New York', 'Anurag Relan', 'answer session', 'U.K.', 'management team', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'The Netherlands', 'investor conferences', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'one meeting', 'public information', 'Leiden', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'month', 'November', 'question', 'Tuesday', 'CET', 'Wednesday', '08:30 GMT', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'UK', '08:35']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Announces-Leadership-Adjustments-to-Support-New-Strategic-Activities-in-China-45205905/,Stellantis Announces Leadership Adjustments to Support New Strategic Activities in China,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis Announces Leadership Adjustments to Support New Strategic Activities in China AMSTERDAM  November 1  2023 – Effective today  Grégoire Olivier will take the responsibility of a newly created ‘liaison office’ to Leapmotor  report…,Stellantis Announces Leadership Adjustments to Support New Strategic Activities in ChinaAMSTERDAM  November 1  2023 – Effective today  Grégoire Olivier will take the responsibility of a newly created ‘liaison office’ to Leapmotor  reporting to Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. He will also serve as a board member of Leapmotor. Grégoire will ensure the dynamic execution of this new strategic partnership  including the creation of the sales joint venture and the coordination with Leapmotor on the use of Stellantis distribution and sales assets  to name a few.Doug Ostermann will be appointed Chief Operating Officer of China  reporting to Carlos Tavares  replacing Grégoire. Doug will also serve as a board member of Leapmotor. Doug has acquired a strong knowledge of Stellantis’ operations  and of the challenges of growing the business in the competitive Chinese context. He has proved his agility  negotiating skills and resilience  and is ready to take on this operational responsibility. Doug most recently served as Chief Financial Officer and Head of Strategy in China.“In order to ensure the perfect execution of our recently announced strategic initiative with Leapmotor  we have decided to adapt our organization in China  relying on two very skilled top executives. Grégoire and Doug have been working hand-in-hand over the last two years to craft a new strategy and open new ways of growing our business and I trust both of them to give a new impetus in their respective roles ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Nathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,positive,0.64,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['New Strategic Activities', 'Leadership Adjustments', 'Stellantis', 'China', 'two very skilled top executives', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'last two years', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'sales joint venture', 'New Strategic Activities', 'new strategic partnership', 'Grégoire Olivier', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'strategic initiative', 'sales assets', 'Citroën', 'new ways', 'new impetus', 'Leadership Adjustments', 'liaison office', 'board member', 'dynamic execution', 'strong knowledge', 'Chinese context', 'negotiating skills', 'perfect execution', 'respective roles', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'Stellantis distribution', 'Stellantis’ operations', 'new strategy', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'operational responsibility', 'Doug Ostermann', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'China', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Leapmotor', 'creation', 'coordination', 'use', 'challenges', 'business', 'competitive', 'agility', 'resilience', 'Head', 'order', 'organization', 'hand', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DGB-GROUP-N-V-6434/news/DGB-N-Group-welcomes-new-shareholder-and-extends-convertible-bond-45208122/,DGB N : Group welcomes new shareholder and extends convertible bond -November 01  2023 at 05:52 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)  DGB Group N.V.   a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  is pleased to announce the addition of Mr H Bleijenberg to its esteemed group of substantial shareholders.   In recent years  DGB has made signifi…,"DGB Group N.V. (""DGB"" or ""the Group"") (Euronext: DGB: NL0009169515)  a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  is pleased to announce the addition of Mr H Bleijenberg to its esteemed group of substantial shareholders.In recent years  DGB has made significant strides in expanding its global footprint and enhancing its portfolio of nature-based projects. DGB has consistently demonstrated its dedication to creating a positive impact on the environment  and its projects have garnered attention and respect in the industry. This investment is not just a vote of confidence in DGB's current endeavours but also an acknowledgement of its future potential and project portfolio.H Bleijenberg remarked  'DGB's strong carbon credit portfolio of 45 million CO2-credits stands out to me. The current carbon credit price already positions DGB as a compelling long-term investment for me with a promising coming few years. Any potential rise in CO2-credit prices would be a welcome bonus. I'm eager to be part of their positive future.'Overview of substantial shareholders*:Prosper And Nature Foundation holds 54.72% of total shareholdings (all direct);Dhr D van den Ouden holds 8.04% of total shareholdings (5.02% direct and 3.02% potential);Dhr M H B Kok holds 5.86% of total shareholdings (5.26% direct and 0.60% potential);Dhr H Bleijenberg holds 3.13% of total shareholdings (all direct);Dhr F Bleijenberg holds 4.82% of total shareholdings (all direct);Dhr T Donia holds 4.47% of total shareholdings (2.41% direct and 2.06% potential);Dhr S A M Duijvestijn holds 4.21% of total shareholdings (all potential);The remaining 24.64% is freely traded on Euronext Amsterdam.*based on data as published in the AFM register of substantial holdings.It's also significant to mention that all DGB employees have a vested interest in the company  holding options at a strike price of €1.50. This alignment of interests ensures a collective drive towards the Group's success.Today  €17 128 of convertible debt has been converted into 51 902 non-listed shares. DGB now holds €97 872 in convertible bonds with a conversion price set at €0.40. The expiration date of these bonds is set at 15 January 2024.DGB GROUP NVpress@dgb.earth+31108080126DGB is a project developer of high-quality  large-scale carbon and biodiversity projects accredited by third parties. The Group is focused on nature conservation and helping biodiversity flourish by assisting governments and corporations in achieving net zero. Global megatrends drive the demand for carbon credits and underpin growth opportunities. DGB GROUP NV is a public company traded on the main Dutch stock exchange Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol AEX:DGB and ISIN-code NL0009169515. www.green.earthThis press release does not contain an (invitation to make an) offer to buy or sell or otherwise acquire or subscribe to shares in DGB and is not an advice or recommendation to take or refrain from taking any action. This press release contains statements that could be construed as forward-looking statements  including about the financial position of DGB  the results it achieved and the business(es) it runs. Forward-looking statements are all statements that do not relate to historical facts. These statements are based on information currently available and forecasts and estimates made by DGB's management. Although DGB believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  it cannot guarantee that the ultimate results will not differ materially from those statements that could be construed as forward-looking statements. Factors that may lead to or contribute to differences in current expectations include  but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  tax  regulation  stock market price fluctuations  legal proceedings  regulatory investigations  competitive relationships and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statement or the actual results of DGB are discussed in the annual report. The forward-looking statements in this document speak only as of the date of this document. Subject to any legal obligation  DGB assumes no obligation or responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this document  whether related to new information  future events or otherwise.",neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.37,0.23,True,English,"['DGB N', 'new shareholder', 'convertible bond', 'Group', 'November', 'Dhr D van den Ouden', 'Dhr S A M Duijvestijn', 'Dhr M H B Kok', 'main Dutch stock exchange', 'stock market price fluctuations', 'strong carbon credit portfolio', 'leading carbon project developer', 'current carbon credit price', 'DGB Group N.V.', 'Dhr H Bleijenberg', 'Dhr T Donia', 'Dhr F Bleijenberg', 'high-quality, large-scale carbon', 'Mr H Bleijenberg', 'general economic conditions', 'ecosystem restoration company', 'compelling long-term investment', 'DGB GROUP NV', 'carbon credits', 'project portfolio', 'strike price', 'conversion price', 'current endeavours', 'current expectations', 'esteemed group', 'The Group', 'substantial shareholders', 'significant strides', 'global footprint', 'positive impact', 'future potential', '45 million CO2-credits', 'promising coming', 'potential rise', 'CO2-credit prices', 'welcome bonus', 'positive future', 'Nature Foundation', 'total shareholdings', 'AFM register', 'substantial holdings', 'vested interest', 'collective drive', 'convertible debt', 'third parties', 'nature conservation', 'net zero', 'Global megatrends', 'growth opportunities', 'public company', 'ticker symbol', 'press release', 'financial position', 'business(es', 'historical facts', 'reasonable assumptions', 'legal proceedings', 'regulatory investigations', 'competitive relationships', 'forward-looking statement', 'annual report', 'future events', 'nature-based projects', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ultimate results', 'actual results', 'recent years', '51,902 non-listed shares', 'convertible bonds', 'expiration date', 'looking statements', 'other factors', 'legal obligation', 'new information', 'DGB employees', 'biodiversity projects', 'addition', 'dedication', 'environment', 'attention', 'respect', 'industry', 'vote', 'confidence', 'acknowledgement', 'Overview', 'Prosper', 'data', 'options', 'alignment', 'interests', 'success', '15 January', 'earth', 'governments', 'corporations', 'demand', 'AEX', 'ISIN-code', 'invitation', 'offer', 'advice', 'recommendation', 'action', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'management', 'differences', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'tax', 'regulation', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'document', 'responsibility']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Post-Onepoint-announcement-communication-45214035/,Post Onepoint announcement communication,(marketscreener.com) Post Onepoint announcement communication    Paris  France – November 1st  2023 – Atos has taken note of the announcement by Onepoint this afternoon [November 1st  2023]. We welcome Onepoint  a French company well recognized in the digital…,Post Onepoint announcement communicationParis  France – November 1st  2023 – Atos has taken note of the announcement by Onepoint this afternoon [November 1st  2023]. We welcome Onepoint  a French company well recognized in the digital transformation space  as a new anchor investor of Atos and look forward to a constructive dialogue with them as with all other shareholders of the Group in the best interest of all stakeholders.ContactsInvestor contact: investors@atos.netIndividual shareholders contact: 0805 65 00 75Media: globalprteam@atos.netAbout AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 105 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Onepoint announcement communication', 'Post', 'new anchor investor', 'Individual shareholders contact', 'digital transformation space', 'secure information space', 'Onepoint announcement communication', 'Investor contact', 'other shareholders', 'decarbonized digital', 'French company', 'constructive dialogue', 'best interest', 'global leader', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Post', 'France', 'November', 'Atos', 'note', 'Group', 'stakeholders', 'Contacts', 'investors', 'Media', '105,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-to-Report-Third-Quarter-2023-Financial-Results-on-November-6-2023-45215319/,Cellectis to Report Third Quarter 2023 Financial Results on November 6  2023,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  Nov. 01  2023 -- Cellectis   a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today announced that it will report financial results for the third q…,NEW YORK  Nov. 01  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS- NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today announced that it will report financial results for the third quarter ended September 30  2023 on Monday  November 6  2023 after the close of the US market.The announcement will be followed by an investor conference call and webcast on Tuesday  November 7  2023 at 8:00 AM ET / 2:00 PM CET. The call will include the Company’s third quarter results and an update on business activities. Details for the call are as follows:Dial in information:Domestic: 1-877-451-6152International: 1-201-389-0879Conference ID: 13741035Webcast Link: https://viavid.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1632799&tp_key=bff99741abAbout CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “plan ” “could” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Patricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93 media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2023 Financial Results', 'Cellectis', 'November', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'biopharmaceutical product candidate development', 'many other important factors', 'applicable securities laws', 'Securities Exchange Commission', 'life-changing product candidates', 'product development plans', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'unmet medical needs', 'Patricia Sosa Navarro', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Ashley R. Robinson', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'therapeutic gene editing', 'gene editing technology', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'Chief Business Officer', 'third quarter results', 'investor conference call', 'other known', 'ALCLS- NASDAQ', 'US market', 'business activities', 'Conference ID', 'immune system', 'operating plans', 'gene therapies', 'various factors', 'financial results', 'actual results', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'life-saving cell', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'CAR T-cells', 'cancer patients', 'North Carolina', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'press release', 'forward-looking” statements', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'numerous risks', 'cash runway', 'Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'financial report', 'subsequent filings', 'unknown risks', 'Media contact', 'Arthur Stril', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Webcast Link', 'various diseases', 'management report', 'new information', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'CLLS', 'Monday', 'November', 'close', 'announcement', 'Tuesday', '8:00 AM', 'update', 'Details', 'Domestic', 'International', 'webcasts', 'jsp', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', '23 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'meaning', 'words', 'assumptions', 'light', 'uncertainties', 'respect', 'time', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'reasons', 'future', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'Attachment', '2:00', '®', '7']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGENX-SE-16911676/news/Argenx-to-Present-at-Upcoming-Investor-Conferences-45205814/,Argenx to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences,(marketscreener.com) November 1  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx   a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in several…,November 1  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in several upcoming investor conferences in November:Guggenheim 5th Annual Inflammation & Immunology Conference. Fireside chat on Tuesday  November 7  2023 at 10:30 a.m. ET in New York  NY.Fireside chat on Tuesday  November 7  2023 at 10:30 a.m. ET in New York  NY. Truist Securities BioPharma Symposium. Management will participate in investor meetings on Wednesday  November 8  2023 in New York  NY.Management will participate in investor meetings on Wednesday  November 8  2023 in New York  NY. Jefferies London Healthcare Conference. Management will participate in investor meetings on Tuesday  November 14  2023 in London  UK.A live webcast of the Guggenheim fireside chat may be accessed on the Investor section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately 30 days following the fireside chat.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  China and Canada. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Erin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.com,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'Argenx', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'Truist Securities BioPharma Symposium', 'Guggenheim 5th Annual Inflammation', 'several upcoming investor conferences', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'Guggenheim fireside chat', 'Immunology Conference', 'The Company', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'investor meetings', 'Investor section', 'New York', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Erin Murphy', 'Alexandra Roy', 'Lynn Elton', 'live webcast', 'argenx website', 'November', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'members', 'management', 'Tuesday', '10:30 a', 'Wednesday', 'UK', 'investors', 'replay', '30 days', 'IIP', 'first', 'Japan', 'Israel', 'China', 'Canada', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32147,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2770732/0/en/International-companies-to-host-live-webcasts-at-Deutsche-Bank-s-Depositary-Receipts-Virtual-Investor-Conference-on-November-8th-and-9th-2023.html,International companies to host live webcasts at Deutsche Bank’s Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference on November 8th and 9th  2023,NEW YORK  Oct. 31  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Deutsche Bank today announced the lineup for its Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference (“dbVIC”) on Wednesday  November 8 and Thursday  November 9  featuring live webcast presentations from international c…,"NEW YORK  Oct. 31  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Deutsche Bank today announced the lineup for its Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference (“dbVIC”) on Wednesday  November 8 and Thursday  November 9  featuring live webcast presentations from international companies with American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programs in the US.Representatives from participating companies based in Australia  China  France  Germany  Greece  Hong Kong  Netherlands  Philippines and Taiwan will respond to questions during formal presentations and will also interact with investors via virtual trade booths. The conference is targeted to all categories of investors and analysts interested in non-US companies.There is no fee for participants to log in  attend live presentations and/or ask questions.Please register via this link: www.adr.db.com/dbvicPre-registration is suggested.November 8 Agenda (US Eastern Standard Time):8:00 AM: Hywin Holdings Ltd (NASDAQ: HYW)8:30 AM: European Metals Holding Limited (ASX & LON: EMH  OTCQX: ERPNF  OTCQX: EMHXY)9:00 AM: Ipsen S.A. Ltd (Euronext Paris: IPN  OTC: IPSEY)9:30 AM: Heineken N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: HEIA  OTCQX: HEINY)10:00 AM: First Pacific Company Ltd (HKEX: 142  OTC: FPAFY)10:30 AM: QBE Insurance Group Limited (ASX: QBE  OTC: QBIEY)11:00 AM: Belite Bio  Inc (NASDAQ: BLTE)November 9 Agenda (US Eastern Standard Time):8:00 AM: iHuman Inc. (NYSE: IH)8:30 AM: HUTCHMED (China) Limited (HKEX: 13  Nasdaq & AIM:​HCM)9:00 AM: BDO Unibank  Inc (PSE: BDO  OTC: BDOUY)10:00 AM: Alpha Bank (ATHEX: ALPHA  OTC: ALBKY)10:30 PM: Hugo Boss (Xetra: BOSS  OTC: BOSSY)The presentations will be available for replay after the Conference.In addition to specializing in administering cross-border equity structures such as American and Global Depositary Receipts  Deutsche Bank provides corporates  financial institutions  hedge funds and supranational agencies around the world with trustee  agency  escrow and related services. The Bank offers a broad range of services for diverse products  from complex securitizations and project finance to syndicated loans  debt exchanges and restructurings.Deutsche Bank provides commercial and investment banking  retail banking  transaction banking and asset and wealth management products and services to corporations  governments  institutional investors  small and medium-sized businesses  and private individuals. Deutsche Bank is Germany’s leading bank  with a strong position in Europe and a significant presence in the Americas and Asia Pacific.Deutsche Bank is sponsoring the Deutsche Bank Depositary Receipt Investor Conference solely for informational purposes. Deutsche Bank does not prepare  review  approve or edit any presentations  statements  documents or other information or materials  whether in written  electronic or verbal form  provided by any company participating in such conference  and disclaims any responsibility for the accuracy or adequacy of any such information or materials. Deutsche Bank is not promoting  endorsing or recommending any company participating in the conference.The Depositary Receipts have been registered pursuant to the US Securities Act of 1933 (the ""Act""). The investment or investment service which is the subject of this notice is not available to retail clients as defined by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. This notice has been approved and/or communicated by Deutsche Bank AG New York. The services described in this notice are provided by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (Deutsche Bank) or by its subsidiaries and/or affiliates in accordance with appropriate local registration and regulation. Deutsche Bank is providing the attached notice strictly for information purposes and makes no claims or statement  nor does it warrant or in any way represent  as to the accuracy or completeness of the details contained herein or therein. This announcement appears as a matter of record only. Neither this announcement nor the information contained herein constitutes an offer or solicitation by Deutsche Bank or any other issuer or entity for the purchase or sale of any securities nor does it constitute a solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction where solicitation would be unlawful. No part of this notice may be copied or reproduced in any way without the prior written consent of Deutsche Bank. Past results are not an indication of future performance. Copyright© November 2023 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Virtual Investor Conference', 'International companies', 'live webcasts', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Depositary Receipts', 'November', 'Deutsche Bank Depositary Receipt Investor Conference', 'Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference', 'Deutsche Bank AG New York', 'Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas', 'Ipsen S.A. Ltd', 'European Metals Holding Limited', 'UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'US Eastern Standard Time', 'QBE Insurance Group Limited', 'First Pacific Company Ltd', 'Global Depositary Receipts', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'The Depositary Receipts', 'virtual trade booths', 'Hywin Holdings Ltd', 'Heineken N.V.', 'cross-border equity structures', 'appropriate local registration', 'wealth management products', 'prior written consent', 'live webcast presentations', 'US Securities Act', 'The Bank', 'financial institutions', 'Asia Pacific', 'China) Limited', 'US companies', 'leading bank', 'diverse products', 'live presentations', 'Alpha Bank', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'international companies', 'ADR) programs', 'participating companies', 'Hong Kong', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Belite Bio', 'hedge funds', 'supranational agencies', 'broad range', 'complex securitizations', 'project finance', 'debt exchanges', 'retail banking', 'transaction banking', 'medium-sized businesses', 'private individuals', 'strong position', 'significant presence', 'informational purposes', 'verbal form', 'retail clients', 'other issuer', 'Past results', 'future performance', 'formal presentations', 'November 8 Agenda', 'November 9 Agenda', 'investment banking', 'investment service', 'iHuman Inc.', 'BDO Unibank', 'Hugo Boss', 'other information', 'information purposes', 'institutional investors', 'related services', 'attached notice', 'lineup', 'dbVIC', 'Wednesday', 'Thursday', 'Representatives', 'Australia', 'France', 'Germany', 'Greece', 'Netherlands', 'Philippines', 'Taiwan', 'questions', 'categories', 'analysts', 'fee', 'participants', 'link', 'Pre-registration', 'NASDAQ', 'ASX', 'LON', 'EMH', 'OTCQX', 'ERPNF', '9:00 AM', 'IPN', 'IPSEY', 'HEIA', 'HEINY', '10:00 AM', 'HKEX', 'FPAFY', '10:30 AM', 'QBIEY', '11:00 AM', 'BLTE', 'HUTCHMED', 'AIM', '\u200bHCM', 'BDOUY', 'ATHEX', 'ALBKY', 'Xetra', 'BOSSY', 'replay', 'addition', 'corporates', 'world', 'trustee', 'agency', 'escrow', 'loans', 'restructurings', 'commercial', 'asset', 'corporations', 'governments', 'small', 'statements', 'documents', 'materials', 'electronic', 'responsibility', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'subject', 'subsidiaries', 'affiliates', 'accordance', 'regulation', 'way', 'completeness', 'details', 'announcement', 'matter', 'record', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'entity', 'purchase', 'sale', 'person', 'jurisdiction', 'indication', 'rights', '8:00', '8:30', '9:30']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2771210/0/en/International-companies-to-host-live-webcasts-at-Deutsche-Bank-s-Depositary-Receipts.html,International companies to host live webcasts at Deutsche Bank’s Depositary Receipts,Virtual Investor Conference on November 8th and 9th  2023 Virtual Investor Conference on November 8th and 9th  2023,"NEW YORK  Nov. 01  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Deutsche Bank today announced the lineup for its Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference (“dbVIC”) on Wednesday  November 8 and Thursday  November 9  featuring live webcast presentations from international companies with American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programs in the US.Representatives from participating companies based in Australia  China  France  Germany  Greece  Hong Kong  Netherlands  Philippines and Taiwan will respond to questions during formal presentations and will also interact with investors via virtual trade booths. The conference is targeted to all categories of investors and analysts interested in non-US companies.There is no fee for participants to log in  attend live presentations and/or ask questions.Please register via this link: www.adr.db.com/dbvicPre-registration is suggested.November 8 Agenda (US Eastern Standard Time):8:00 AM: Hywin Holdings Ltd (NASDAQ: HYW)8:30 AM: European Metals Holding Limited (ASX & LON: EMH  OTCQX: ERPNF  OTCQX: EMHXY)9:00 AM: Ipsen S.A. Ltd (Euronext Paris: IPN  OTC: IPSEY)9:30 AM: Heineken N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: HEIA  OTCQX: HEINY)10:00 AM: First Pacific Company Ltd (HKEX: 142  OTC: FPAFY)10:30 AM: QBE Insurance Group Limited (ASX: QBE  OTC: QBIEY)11:00 AM: Belite Bio  Inc (NASDAQ: BLTE)November 9 Agenda (US Eastern Standard Time):8:00 AM: iHuman Inc. (NYSE: IH)8:30 AM: HUTCHMED (China) Limited (HKEX: 13  Nasdaq & AIM:​HCM)9:00 AM: BDO Unibank  Inc (PSE: BDO  OTC: BDOUY)10:00 AM: Alpha Bank (ATHEX: ALPHA  OTC: ALBKY)10:30 PM: Hugo Boss (Xetra: BOSS  OTC: BOSSY)The presentations will be available for replay after the Conference.In addition to specializing in administering cross-border equity structures such as American and Global Depositary Receipts  Deutsche Bank provides corporates  financial institutions  hedge funds and supranational agencies around the world with trustee  agency  escrow and related services. The Bank offers a broad range of services for diverse products  from complex securitizations and project finance to syndicated loans  debt exchanges and restructurings.Deutsche Bank provides commercial and investment banking  retail banking  transaction banking and asset and wealth management products and services to corporations  governments  institutional investors  small and medium-sized businesses  and private individuals. Deutsche Bank is Germany’s leading bank  with a strong position in Europe and a significant presence in the Americas and Asia Pacific.Deutsche Bank is sponsoring the Deutsche Bank Depositary Receipt Investor Conference solely for informational purposes. Deutsche Bank does not prepare  review  approve or edit any presentations  statements  documents or other information or materials  whether in written  electronic or verbal form  provided by any company participating in such conference  and disclaims any responsibility for the accuracy or adequacy of any such information or materials. Deutsche Bank is not promoting  endorsing or recommending any company participating in the conference.The Depositary Receipts have been registered pursuant to the US Securities Act of 1933 (the ""Act""). The investment or investment service which is the subject of this notice is not available to retail clients as defined by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. This notice has been approved and/or communicated by Deutsche Bank AG New York. The services described in this notice are provided by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (Deutsche Bank) or by its subsidiaries and/or affiliates in accordance with appropriate local registration and regulation. Deutsche Bank is providing the attached notice strictly for information purposes and makes no claims or statement  nor does it warrant or in any way represent  as to the accuracy or completeness of the details contained herein or therein. This announcement appears as a matter of record only. Neither this announcement nor the information contained herein constitutes an offer or solicitation by Deutsche Bank or any other issuer or entity for the purchase or sale of any securities nor does it constitute a solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction where solicitation would be unlawful. No part of this notice may be copied or reproduced in any way without the prior written consent of Deutsche Bank. Past results are not an indication of future performance. Copyright© November 2023 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['International companies', 'live webcasts', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Depositary Receipts', 'Deutsche Bank Depositary Receipt Investor Conference', 'Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference', 'Deutsche Bank AG New York', 'Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas', 'Ipsen S.A. Ltd', 'European Metals Holding Limited', 'UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'US Eastern Standard Time', 'QBE Insurance Group Limited', 'First Pacific Company Ltd', 'Global Depositary Receipts', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'The Depositary Receipts', 'virtual trade booths', 'Hywin Holdings Ltd', 'Heineken N.V.', 'cross-border equity structures', 'appropriate local registration', 'wealth management products', 'prior written consent', 'live webcast presentations', 'US Securities Act', 'The Bank', 'financial institutions', 'Asia Pacific', 'China) Limited', 'US companies', 'leading bank', 'diverse products', 'live presentations', 'Alpha Bank', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'international companies', 'ADR) programs', 'participating companies', 'Hong Kong', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Belite Bio', 'hedge funds', 'supranational agencies', 'broad range', 'complex securitizations', 'project finance', 'debt exchanges', 'retail banking', 'transaction banking', 'medium-sized businesses', 'private individuals', 'strong position', 'significant presence', 'informational purposes', 'verbal form', 'retail clients', 'other issuer', 'Past results', 'future performance', 'formal presentations', 'November 8 Agenda', 'November 9 Agenda', 'investment banking', 'investment service', 'iHuman Inc.', 'BDO Unibank', 'Hugo Boss', 'other information', 'information purposes', 'institutional investors', 'related services', 'attached notice', 'lineup', 'dbVIC', 'Wednesday', 'Thursday', 'Representatives', 'Australia', 'France', 'Germany', 'Greece', 'Netherlands', 'Philippines', 'Taiwan', 'questions', 'categories', 'analysts', 'fee', 'participants', 'link', 'Pre-registration', 'NASDAQ', 'ASX', 'LON', 'EMH', 'OTCQX', 'ERPNF', '9:00 AM', 'IPN', 'IPSEY', 'HEIA', 'HEINY', '10:00 AM', 'HKEX', 'FPAFY', '10:30 AM', 'QBIEY', '11:00 AM', 'BLTE', 'HUTCHMED', 'AIM', '\u200bHCM', 'BDOUY', 'ATHEX', 'ALBKY', 'Xetra', 'BOSSY', 'replay', 'addition', 'corporates', 'world', 'trustee', 'agency', 'escrow', 'loans', 'restructurings', 'commercial', 'asset', 'corporations', 'governments', 'small', 'statements', 'documents', 'materials', 'electronic', 'responsibility', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'subject', 'subsidiaries', 'affiliates', 'accordance', 'regulation', 'way', 'completeness', 'details', 'announcement', 'matter', 'record', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'entity', 'purchase', 'sale', 'person', 'jurisdiction', 'indication', 'rights', '8:00', '8:30', '9:30']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32149,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2770759/0/en/Analyst-Investor-Day.html,Analyst & Investor Day,Rotterdam  the Netherlands  1 November 2023 07:00 CET Today at 10:30 AM CET  Vopak will host an Analyst & Investor Day during which the Executive Board will provide an update on the progress it is making on executing towards its strategy priorities to: improv…,Rotterdam  the Netherlands  1 November 2023 07:00 CETToday at 10:30 AM CET  Vopak will host an Analyst & Investor Day during which the Executive Board will provide an update on the progress it is making on executing towards its strategy priorities to: improve financial and sustainability performance  grow in industrial and gas and accelerate towards new energies and sustainable feedstock. In addition  an update will be provided on the growth opportunities Vopak is pursuing by leveraging its industry leading capabilities and strong financial position.The presentations can be found on Vopak’s website shortly before the start of the webcast. Also the webcast will be available (live and after the event). Direct link: https://www.vopak.com/investors/analyst-investor-day-november-1st-2023.About VopakRoyal Vopak is the world’s leading independent tank storage company. We store vital products with care. Products for everyday life. The energy that allows people to cook  heat or cool their homes and for transportation. The chemicals that enable companies to manufacture millions of useful products. The edible oils to prepare food. We take pride in improving access to cleaner energy and feedstocks for a growing world population  ensuring safe  clean and efficient storage and handling of bulk liquid products and gases at strategic locations around the world. We are excited to help shape a sustainable future by developing infrastructure solutions for new vital products  focusing on zero- and low-carbon hydrogen  ammonia  CO2  long duration energy storage and sustainable feedstocks. We have a track record of over 400 years in navigating change and are continuously investing in innovation. On sustainability  we are ambitious and performance driven  with a balanced roadmap that reflects key topics that matter most to our stakeholders and where we can have a positive impact for people  planet and profit and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.comFor more information please contact:Vopak Press: Liesbeth Lans - Global Manager External Communication  global.communication@vopak.comVopak Analysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relations e-mail: investor.relations@vopak.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.72,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['Investor Day', 'Analyst', 'United Nations Sustainable Development Goals', 'leading independent tank storage company', 'Global Manager External Communication', 'long duration energy storage', 'industry leading capabilities', 'bulk liquid products', 'strong financial position', 'growing world population', 'new vital products', 'efficient storage', 'sustainable feedstock', 'sustainable future', 'new energies', 'cleaner energy', 'useful products', 'Executive Board', 'strategy priorities', 'growth opportunities', 'Direct link', 'everyday life', 'edible oils', 'safe, clean', 'strategic locations', 'infrastructure solutions', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'track record', 'balanced roadmap', 'key topics', 'positive impact', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Liesbeth Lans', 'Fatjona Topciu', 'Investor Day', 'sustainability performance', 'Royal Vopak', 'Vopak Press', 'Vopak Analysts', 'Investor Relations', 'feedstocks', 'Rotterdam', 'Netherlands', '1 November', '10:30 AM', 'update', 'progress', 'industrial', 'gas', 'addition', 'presentations', 'website', 'start', 'webcast', 'event', 'analyst-investor', 'care', 'people', 'homes', 'transportation', 'chemicals', 'companies', 'millions', 'food', 'pride', 'access', 'handling', 'ammonia', '400 years', 'change', 'innovation', 'stakeholders', 'planet', 'profit', 'information', 'Investors', 'Head', 'mail', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32150,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2771602/0/en/BGHL-EUR-Estimated-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): Estimated NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/10/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5469 £ 23.6364 Estimated MTD return -1.21 % -1.11 % Estimated YTD return -4.40 % -3.23 % Estimated ITD return 165.47 % 136.36 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32151,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-Estimated-NAV-s-45213532/,BGHL (EUR): Estimated NAV(s) -November 01  2023 at 01:11 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 31/10/2023. Estimated NAV  Euro SharesSterling Sha…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/10/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5469 £ 23.6364 Estimated MTD return -1.21 % -1.11 % Estimated YTD return -4.40 % -3.23 % Estimated ITD return 165.47 % 136.36 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'November', '01:11', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32152,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMG-CRITICAL-MATERIALS-N--55482/news/AMG-Schedule-for-Third-Quarter-2023-Earnings-Release-45212880/,AMG Schedule for Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Release,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  1 November 2023 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. will release its third quarter 2023 financial results on Wednesday  November 8  2023  at approximately 18:00 CET. AMG will host a conference call to discuss its financial results …,"Amsterdam  1 November 2023 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") will release its third quarter 2023 financial results on Wednesday  November 8  2023  at approximately 18:00 CET. AMG will host a conference call to discuss its financial results for the third quarter of 2023 at 19:00 CET (18:00 GMT / 1:00PM EST) on Wednesday  November 8  2023.Please connect approximately 10 minutes prior to the beginning of the call to ensure participation. The call-in information is as follows:Toll-free number: 1-800-579-2543Alternate (toll) number: 1-785-424-1789United Kingdom: 44 0800 048 7798Netherlands: 31 0800 022 9530When prompted for the conference ID  tell the operator AMGQ323 and you will be directed onto the call. The conference call will be available on the website www.amg-nv.com within twenty-four hours following completion of the call.About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Release', 'AMG Schedule', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'other end use markets', 'other forward looking statements', 'third quarter 2023 financial results', 'energy storage materials', 'related process technologies', 'energy storage solutions', 'less carbon-intensive world', 'customer service offices', 'mineral processing operations', 'tantalum value chains', 'high-purity materials', 'other information', 'financial position', 'mining operations', 'future operations', 'Toll-free number', 'toll) number', 'United Kingdom', 'conference ID', 'twenty-four hours', 'engineered systems', 'aerospace engines', 'global leaders', 'aerospace sector', 'silicon metal', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'CO 2 reduction', 'CO 2 footprint', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'future events', 'historical information', 'inherent risks', 'conference call', 'production facilities', '1 November', 'Wednesday', '18:00 CET', '19:00 CET', '1:00PM', 'beginning', 'participation', 'Alternate', 'Netherlands', 'operator', 'website', 'completion', 'mission', 'development', 'lithium', 'vanadium', 'addition', 'products', 'variety', 'recycling', 'infrastructure', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'antimony', 'graphite', '3,600 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'trends', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32153,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/01/invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp-shares-sold-by-carnegie-capital-asset-management-llc/,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP) Shares Sold by Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC,Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC reduced its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 3.6% in the 2nd quarter  HoldingsChannel.com reports. The firm owned 52 653 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1 994 shares…,Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC reduced its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 3.6% in the 2nd quarter  HoldingsChannel.com reports. The firm owned 52 653 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1 994 shares during the quarter. Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $7 879 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bangor Savings Bank acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter valued at $28 000. Bristlecone Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the first quarter valued at about $28 000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the second quarter valued at about $26 000. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the first quarter valued at about $29 000. Finally  BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC grew its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1 940.0% during the first quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 204 shares of the company’s stock valued at $30 000 after acquiring an additional 194 shares during the period.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 0.8 %RSP stock opened at $135.84 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $143.16 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $145.68. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12-month low of $133.34 and a 12-month high of $155.77. The company has a market cap of $38.40 billion  a PE ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Shares', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC', 'two-hundred day moving average price', '50-day moving average price', 'BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Bristlecone Advisors LLC', 'Other institutional investors', 'Bangor Savings Bank', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'other hedge funds', 'concise daily summary', 'latest 13F filings', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'new stake', 'Co. Ltd', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', '2nd quarter', 'recent quarter', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'HoldingsChannel.com', 'new position', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 194 shares', 'RSP stock', '52,653 shares', '1,994 shares', '204 shares', 'firm', 'company', 'end', 'stakes', 'Zurich', 'period', 'Wednesday', 'beta', 'transportation']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,etfdailynews.com
32154,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-Estimated-NAV-s-45213533/,BGHL (GBP): Estimated NAV(s) -November 01  2023 at 01:11 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 31/10/2023. Estimated NAV  Euro SharesSterling Sha…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/10/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5469 £ 23.6364 Estimated MTD return -1.21 % -1.11 % Estimated YTD return -4.40 % -3.23 % Estimated ITD return 165.47 % 136.36 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'November', '01:11', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32155,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/01/lyell-wealth-management-lp-sells-2747-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Lyell Wealth Management LP Sells 2 747 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Lyell Wealth Management LP reduced its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 9.8% during the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The instituti…,Lyell Wealth Management LP reduced its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 9.8% during the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 25 247 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2 747 shares during the period. Lyell Wealth Management LP’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $3 778 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of RSP. Gateway Advisory LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 9 007.8% in the 1st quarter. Gateway Advisory LLC now owns 13 837 665 shares of the company’s stock worth $13 838 000 after purchasing an additional 13 685 733 shares in the last quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC lifted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 104 839.6% during the 4th quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 7 956 524 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 123 859 000 after acquiring an additional 7 948 942 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp lifted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 368.4% during the 2nd quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2 187 007 shares of the company’s stock valued at $327 264 000 after acquiring an additional 1 720 109 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley lifted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 11.1% during the 4th quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 14 772 231 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2 086 578 000 after acquiring an additional 1 474 149 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Truist Financial Corp lifted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 18.5% during the 2nd quarter. Truist Financial Corp now owns 7 702 229 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 152 562 000 after acquiring an additional 1 200 101 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Down 0.1 %Shares of NYSEARCA:RSP opened at $135.63 on Wednesday. The stock’s fifty day simple moving average is $143.16 and its two-hundred day simple moving average is $145.68. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 1-year low of $133.34 and a 1-year high of $155.77. The stock has a market cap of $38.34 billion  a PE ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Lyell Wealth Management LP', '2,747 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'Lyell Wealth Management LP', 'New York Mellon Corp', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Gateway Advisory LLC', 'Truist Financial Corp', 'other large investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'recent 13F filing', 'Free Report', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'financial companies', 'recent quarter', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'second quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'institutional investor', '1st quarter', 'last quarter', '4th quarter', '2nd quarter', 'Morgan Stanley', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 13,685,733 shares', 'additional 7,948,942 shares', 'additional 1,720,109 shares', 'additional 1,474,149 shares', 'additional 1,200,101 shares', '25,247 shares', '2,747 shares', '13,837,665 shares', '7,956,524 shares', '2,187,007 shares', '14,772,231 shares', '7,702,229 shares', 'position', 'company', 'Securities', 'stock', 'period', 'holdings', 'end', 'number', 'stake', 'Bank', 'Wednesday', 'beta', 'transportation', 'Reading']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,etfdailynews.com
32156,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DON-T-NOD-ENTERTAINMENT-43444427/news/Don-t-Nod-Entertainment-DISCLOSURE-OF-TRANSACTIONS-IN-OWN-SHARES-45213451/,Don't Nod Entertainment : DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS IN OWN SHARES -November 01  2023 at 01:05 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  November 1st  2023 - DON'TNOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games declares the following purchases of its own shares in accordance with Article 5 of Market Abuse Regulation.Issuer …,"Paris  November 1st  2023 - DON'TNOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games declares the following purchases of its own shares in accordance with Article 5 of Market Abuse Regulation.Issuer Name Identity code of the Issuer Day of the transaction Identity code of the financialInstrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market DON'T NOD ENTERTAINMENT 969500L3PI1D8PFDTK24 23/10/2023 FR0013331212 604 5 4 ALXP DON'T NOD ENTERTAINMENT 969500L3PI1D8PFDTK24 24/10/2023 FR0013331212 189 5 6 ALXP DON'T NOD ENTERTAINMENT 969500L3PI1D8PFDTK24 25/10/2023 FR0013331212 82 5 7 ALXP DON'T NOD ENTERTAINMENT 969500L3PI1D8PFDTK24 26/10/2023 FR0013331212 2 391 5 735199 ALXP DON'T NOD ENTERTAINMENT 969500L3PI1D8PFDTK24 27/10/2023 FR0013331212 723 5 807358 ALXPAbout DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth ParisDON'T NODOskar GuilbertChief Executive OfficerBenoît Gisbert MoraDeputy General Managerinvest@dont-nod.com ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne PuissantAnalyst/Investor relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - dontnod@actus.frAnne-Catherine BonjourPress relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 - acbonjour@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xmmbaMaaZ22VyXGdksdob2lkbZpqlWPFaGqXlZJuZp3FaGthl2ySnMjHZnFjm21v- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Transaction in own shares (aggregate version) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82689-don_t-nod-_cp_rachat_ations_01_11_2023_uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.06,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['Entertainment', 'DISCLOSURE', 'TRANSACTIONS', 'SHARES', 'November', '01:05', 'Oskar Guilbert Chief Executive Officer', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', ""ALXP DON'T NOD ENTERTAINMENT"", ""Market DON'T NOD ENTERTAINMENT"", 'Benoît Gisbert Mora', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Total daily volume', 'Bandai Namco Entertainment', 'independent French publisher', 'TELL ME WHYTM', 'unique narrative experiences', 'industry leading publishers', 'Deputy General Manager', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'original narrative games', 'independent French studio', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'transaction Identity code', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Focus Entertainment', ""DON'TNOD"", 'Press relations', 'video games', 'ISIN code', 'following purchases', 'financial Instrument', 'TWIN MIRRORTM', 'REMEMBER METM', 'engaging stories', 'Square Enix', 'third-party developers', 'editorial visions', 'innovative universe', 'Investor relations', 'Anne-Catherine Bonjour', 'Regulated information', 'aggregate version', 'Issuer Name', 'Issuer Day', 'ACTUS finance', 'shares', 'accordance', 'Article', 'number', 'Montreal', 'adventure', 'LIFE', 'STRANGETM', 'RPG', 'VAMPYRTM', 'genres', 'characters', 'Microsoft', 'Capcom', 'IPs', 'house', 'knowledge', 'company', 'immersive', 'ALDNE', 'communication', 'Tel.', 'acbonjour', 'publication', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cp_rachat_ations', 'email', '1']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32157,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2771603/0/en/BGHL-GBP-Estimated-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): Estimated NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/10/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5469 £ 23.6364 Estimated MTD return -1.21 % -1.11 % Estimated YTD return -4.40 % -3.23 % Estimated ITD return 165.47 % 136.36 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32158,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/01/invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp-shares-sold-by-riverview-capital-advisers-llc/,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP) Shares Sold by Riverview Capital Advisers LLC,Riverview Capital Advisers LLC decreased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.0% in the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 102 …,Riverview Capital Advisers LLC decreased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.0% in the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 102 368 shares of the company’s stock after selling 983 shares during the period. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF makes up 6.7% of Riverview Capital Advisers LLC’s portfolio  making the stock its 2nd biggest position. Riverview Capital Advisers LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $15 318 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).Several other institutional investors and hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of RSP. Gateway Advisory LLC lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 9 007.8% in the first quarter. Gateway Advisory LLC now owns 13 837 665 shares of the company’s stock worth $13 838 000 after acquiring an additional 13 685 733 shares in the last quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 104 839.6% in the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 7 956 524 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 123 859 000 after acquiring an additional 7 948 942 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 368.4% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2 187 007 shares of the company’s stock worth $327 264 000 after acquiring an additional 1 720 109 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 11.1% in the fourth quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 14 772 231 shares of the company’s stock worth $2 086 578 000 after acquiring an additional 1 474 149 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Truist Financial Corp lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 18.5% in the second quarter. Truist Financial Corp now owns 7 702 229 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 152 562 000 after acquiring an additional 1 200 101 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Down 0.2 %NYSEARCA RSP traded down $0.24 on Wednesday  hitting $135.59. 986 022 shares of the stock traded hands  compared to its average volume of 4 479 913. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $143.16 and a 200 day moving average of $145.68. The company has a market capitalization of $38.33 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a twelve month low of $133.34 and a twelve month high of $155.77.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Riverview Capital Advisers LLC', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Shares', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'Riverview Capital Advisers LLC', 'Several other institutional investors', 'New York Mellon Corp', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Gateway Advisory LLC', 'Truist Financial Corp', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', '50-day moving average', '200 day moving average', '2nd biggest position', 'twelve month low', 'recent filing', 'Free Report', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'average volume', 'financial companies', '2nd quarter', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'second quarter', 'Morgan Stanley', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 7,948,942 shares', 'additional 1,720,109 shares', 'additional 1,474,149 shares', 'additional 1,200,101 shares', 'NYSEARCA RSP', '102,368 shares', '983 shares', '13,837,665 shares', '13,685,733 shares', '7,956,524 shares', '2,187,007 shares', '14,772,231 shares', '7,702,229 shares', '986,022 shares', 'stake', 'Securities', 'firm', 'company', 'stock', 'period', 'portfolio', 'holdings', 'Bank', 'Wednesday', 'hands', 'beta', 'transportation', 'Reading', '6.']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,etfdailynews.com
32159,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-Announces-Strategic-Collaboration-and-Investment-Agreements-with-AstraZeneca-45206389/,Cellectis Announces Strategic Collaboration and Investment Agreements with AstraZeneca,(marketscreener.com) Collaboration leverages Cellectis’ gene editing technologies and manufacturing capabilities to develop up to 10 novel cell & gene therapy candidate productsCellectis to receive up to $245M in cash   with potential for additional milestone…,"Collaboration leverages Cellectis’ gene editing technologies and manufacturing capabilities to develop up to 10 novel cell & gene therapy candidate productsCellectis to receive up to $245M in cash (up to $220M equity investment and $25M upfront payment)  with potential for additional milestones  plus tiered royaltiesNEW YORK  Nov. 01  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – NASDAQ: CLLS) today announced it has entered into (i) a Joint Research Collaboration Agreement (the “Collaboration Agreement”)  (ii) an investment agreement relating to an initial equity investment of $80M  and (iii) a memorandum of understanding (the “MOU”) relating to an additional equity investment of $140M  with AstraZeneca (LSE/STO/Nasdaq: AZN). The Collaboration Agreement aims to accelerate the development of next generation therapeutics in areas of high unmet need  including oncology  immunology and rare diseases.Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement  AstraZeneca will leverage Cellectis’ proprietary gene editing technologies and manufacturing capabilities to design novel cell and gene therapy candidate products. As part of the Collaboration Agreement  25 genetic targets have been exclusively reserved for AstraZeneca  from which up to 10 candidate products could be explored for development. AstraZeneca will have an option for a worldwide exclusive license on the candidate products  to be exercised before IND filing.Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement  Cellectis’ research costs under the collaboration will be funded by AstraZeneca and Cellectis will receive an upfront payment of $25M. Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement  Cellectis is also eligible to receive an investigational new drug (IND) option fee and development  regulatory and sales-related milestone payments  ranging from $70M up to $220M  per each of the 10 candidate products  plus tiered royalties.As a condition to the signing of the Collaboration Agreement  AstraZeneca has agreed to make an initial equity investment of $80M in Cellectis by subscribing for 16 000 000 ordinary shares  at a price of $5.00 per share (the “Initial Investment”). The new shares are issued to AstraZeneca by the board of directors of Cellectis pursuant to the 17th resolution of Cellectis’ shareholders meeting held on June 27  2023. Following settlement and delivery of the new shares (expected to be on November 6  2023)  AstraZeneca will own approximately 22% of the share capital  and 21% of the voting rights of the Company  will have the right to nominate a non-voting observer on the board of directors of Cellectis  and will have the right to participate pro rata in Cellectis’s future share offerings.Additionally  the MOU contemplates that AstraZeneca will make a potential further equity investment in Cellectis of $140M by subscribing for two newly created classes of convertible preferred shares of Cellectis: 10 000 000 “class A” convertible preferred shares and 18 000 000 “class B” convertible preferred shares  in each case at a price of $5.00 per share (the “Additional Investment”). Until they convert into ordinary shares  the “class A"" convertible preferred shares would have single voting rights and would not carry any double voting right at any moment  and the “class B” would carry no voting rights except on any distribution of dividends or reserves. Both class of preferred shares would enjoy a liquidation preference (if any liquidation surplus remains after repayment of Cellectis’ creditors and of par value to all shareholders) and would be convertible into the same number of ordinary shares with the same rights as the outstanding ordinary shares. The MOU is non-binding and the Additional Investment remains to be confirmed by both parties following a consultation process with Cellectis’ works council. If confirmed  the closing of the Additional Investment will remain subject to (i) Cellectis’ shareholders’ approval at a two-thirds majority of the votes cast by voting shareholders  (ii) clearance of such investment from the French Ministry of Economy according to the foreign direct investment French regulations  and (iii) other customary closing conditions. Immediately following the Additional Investment  it is anticipated that AstraZeneca would own approximately 44% of the share capital of the Company and 30% of the voting rights of the Company (based on the number of voting rights outstanding immediately after the completion of the Initial Investment) and would have the right to nominate two directors to the board of directors of Cellectis. Further  certain business decisions are subject to AstraZeneca’s approval  including  in particular  winding up any company of the Cellectis group  issuing securities senior to or pari passu with the convertible preferred shares or any shares without offering AstraZeneca the option to purchase its pro rata share of such securities (subject to customary exceptions  including issuances under employee equity incentive plans)  declaring or paying dividends  prepaying indebtedness before due  and disposing of any material assets concerning gene editing tools or manufacturing facilities and selling  assigning  licensing  encumbering or otherwise disposing of certain material IP rights.Cellectis will use the proceeds received from the Collaboration Agreement and the proposed equity investments to develop gene editing tools  for research and development expenses incurred in developing its programs  and other general corporate purposes. Cellectis’ clinical-stage assets  UCART22  UCART123 and UCART20x22 will remain under Cellectis’ ownership and control.André Choulika  PhD  Chief Executive Officer of Cellectis  said: “We believe AstraZeneca is the perfect match to Cellectis by providing world-class expertise in the development and the commercialization of innovative medicines. This collaboration will allow us to leverage our pioneering research in gene editing and cell therapies  as well as our cutting-edge capabilities in manufacturing with the ambition to bring potentially life-saving therapies to patients with unmet medical need.”Marc Dunoyer  Chief Strategy Officer  AstraZeneca  and Chief Executive Officer  Alexion  AstraZeneca Rare Disease  said: “The differentiated capabilities Cellectis has in gene editing and manufacturing complement our in-house expertise and investments made in the past year. AstraZeneca continues to advance our ambition in cell therapy for oncology and autoimmune diseases as well as in genomic medicine  which has potential to be transformative for patients with rare diseases.”In the absence of a public offering  no prospectus will be established in France or outside of France in connection with the Initial Investment or Additional Investment.About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Cautionary StatementThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “additional”  “aim”  “continue”  “could”  “drive”  “enable”  “expect”  “further”  “look forward”  “may”  “ongoing”  “potential”  “promise”  “realize”  “subject to”  “success-based”  “up to”  “will”  and “would” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the potential payments for which Cellectis is eligible under the Collaboration Agreement; the possible size of the proposed equity investment by AstraZeneca; and the financial position of Cellectis. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Cellectis considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that conditions to closing  including necessary regulatory approvals  are not satisfied in a timely manner or at all; the risks arising from Cellectis’s reliance on AstraZeneca to conduct certain development and commercialization activities  including the potential for disagreements or disputes under the Collaboration Agreement; the risk that AstraZeneca may exercise its discretion in a manner that limits the resources contributed toward the development of certain projects under the Collaboration Agreement or may exercise its faculty to terminate without cause the Agreement; the risk that subsequent studies and ongoing or future clinical trials may not generate favorable data; and the risk that the Company may not be able to secure additional capital on attractive terms  if at all. Furthermore  many other important risks factors and uncertainties  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 14  2023 under “Risk Factors” (copies of which are available on www.cellectis.com)  may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Patricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.02,0.38,0.6,True,English,"['Strategic Collaboration', 'Investment Agreements', 'Cellectis', 'AstraZeneca', 'investigational new drug (IND) option fee', 'foreign direct investment French regulations', 'Cellectis’ proprietary gene editing technologies', '10,000,000 “class A” convertible preferred shares', 'class A"" convertible preferred shares', '18,000,000 “class B” convertible preferred shares', 'employee equity incentive plans', 'Cellectis’ gene editing technologies', 'other customary closing conditions', 'up to 10 novel cell', 'Joint Research Collaboration Agreement', 'gene therapy candidate products', 'next generation therapeutics', 'high unmet need', 'worldwide exclusive license', 'sales-related milestone payments', '$220M equity investment', 'Cellectis’ research costs', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'future share offerings', 'initial equity investment', 'Cellectis’ works council', 'additional equity investment', 'single voting rights', 'Cellectis’ shareholders meeting', 'pro rata share', 'The Collaboration Agreement', 'double voting right', 'Cellectis’ shareholders’ approval', 'IND filing', 'new shares', 'French Ministry', '16,000,000 ordinary shares', 'NEW YORK', 'customary exceptions', 'Initial Investment', '10 candidate products', 'investment agreement', 'Additional Investment', 'voting shareholders', 'voting observer', 'additional milestones', 'same rights', 'manufacturing capabilities', 'upfront payment', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'rare diseases', '25 genetic targets', '17th resolution', 'share capital', 'liquidation preference', 'liquidation surplus', 'par value', 'consultation process', 'two-thirds majority', 'business decisions', 'Cellectis’ creditors', 'Cellectis group', 'The MOU', 'same number', 'tiered royalties', 'two directors', 'cash', 'potential', 'ALCLS', 'NASDAQ', 'CLLS', 'memorandum', 'understanding', 'AstraZeneca', 'AZN', 'development', 'areas', 'oncology', 'immunology', 'terms', 'part', 'regulatory', 'signing', 'price', 'board', 'June', 'settlement', 'delivery', 'November', 'Company', 'classes', 'case', 'moment', 'distribution', 'dividends', 'reserves', 'repayment', 'votes', 'clearance', 'Economy', 'completion', 'securities', 'issuances', 'indebtedness']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32160,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45206130/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -November 01  2023 at 02:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31 Oct 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5751 £ 23.6616 Estimated MTD return -1.11 % -1.01 % Estimated YTD return -4.30 % -3.13 % Estimated ITD return 165.75 % 136.62 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.18 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.15 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0594 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5683The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'November', '02', '31', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Oct', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32161,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2770776/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31 Oct 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5751 £ 23.6616 Estimated MTD return -1.11 % -1.01 % Estimated YTD return -4.30 % -3.13 % Estimated ITD return 165.75 % 136.62 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.18 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.15 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0594 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5683The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Oct', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32162,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/YOKOGAWA-ELECTRIC-CORPORA-6491258/news/Yokogawa-Electric-TECO-2030-and-Yokogawa-Sign-Partnership-and-Investment-Agreement-for-the-Utiliza-45205594/,Yokogawa Electric : TECO 2030 and Yokogawa Sign Partnership and Investment Agreement for the Utilization of Hydrogen Fuel Cells in Industrial Applications -November 01  2023 at 01:03 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Lysaker  Norway  and Tokyo  Japan - November 1  2023   TECO 2030 ASA Yokogawa Electric Corporation   TECO 2030 ASA and Yokogawa Electric Corporation announce that they have signed a strategic partnership and investment agreemen…,"Lysaker  Norway  and Tokyo  Japan - November 1  2023TECO 2030 ASAYokogawa Electric CorporationTECO 2030 ASA (""TECO 2030""  OSE: TECO  OTCQX: TECFF  ISIN: NO0010887516) and Yokogawa Electric Corporation (""Yokogawa Electric""  TOKYO: 6841) announce that they have signed a strategic partnership and investment agreement regarding the development of technology for utilizing hydrogen fuel cells in industrial applications. Under this agreement  Yokogawa Electric has invested in TECO 2030 by way of acquiring treasury shares  and the two companies will collaborate on optimizing hydrogen fuel cell technology and exploring business opportunities for distributed power sources in the maritime transportation and other industrial sectors.Rendering of TECO 2030's 400kW FCM 400 fuel cell moduleZoomHydrogen fuel cells use an electrochemical process that combines hydrogen and oxygen to produce electrical energy and water  and are utilized as power sources in fuel cell vehicles (FCV) and stationary power supply devices. Green hydrogen and ammonia are considered promising energy carriers for the storage and transportation of renewable energy that has been produced as electricity. Fuel cells powered by green hydrogen  or hydrogen produced through green ammonia-to-hydrogen cracking technology  are more energy efficient than conventional combustion engines and don't generate nitrogen oxide (NOx)  so can be used as zero-emission energy sources in a range of applications. Although adoption has been limited up to now  technology maturity and a dramatic increase in demand for hydrogen-powered marine vessels are driving expansion of the fuel cell market  and the resulting reduction in manufacturing costs is expected to in turn accelerate use in the automotive and industrial sectors as well.TECO 2030 develops and manufactures hydrogen fuel cells  and has opened in Narvik  Norway  a gigafactory for the production of hydrogen proton exchange membrane (PEM) fuel cells and energy modules  which consist of multiple cells and auxiliary operating equipment. Production of hydrogen fuel cells is already underway  and module production is expected to start within the next few months. The production capacity will be built up over time  targeting an output capacity of 400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030. TECO 2030's hydrogen fuel cells employ unique technologies developed together with technology partner AVL  a forerunner in this field  enabling industry-leading energy density and performance.TECO 2030 hydrogen fuel cell gigafactory in Narvik  NorwayZoomYokogawa Electric brings to this partnership decades of experience in developing core measurement  control  and information technologies for the energy  chemical  and other process industries. Yokogawa Electric and TECO 2030 see opportunities for applying this knowhow to develop technology for optimizing the operation of fuel cells  and will also explore their use as distributed energy resources in industries that have high decarbonization needs.Tore Enger  Group CEO of TECO 2030  commented  ""I am very excited to have Yokogawa on board as an investor and strategic partner for the ongoing development of TECO 2030's complete fuel cell system. I am looking forward to working together toward the common goal of a zero-emission future.""Tsuyoshi Abe  a Yokogawa Electric senior vice president and head of the Marketing Headquarters  said  ""As we mention in our whitepaper Reweave the World*  energy conversion systems are going to play an important role in the transition from the fossil fuel era to a renewable energy era. Yokogawa firmly believes that fuel cells are one of the pathways to net-zero emissions in the maritime and industrial sectors  and we are confirming this by embarking on a journey with TECO 2030 as a strategic partner for a sustainable future.""* Yokogawa Electric Corporation  Reweave the World―Energy Systems Convergence leads to global resilience and sustainability in energy  food  and water  2023TECO 2030 is a Norwegian clean tech company developing zero-emission technology for maritime and other industries. We are developing PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks and PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules that enable ships and other industrial applications to become emissions-free. TECO 2030 is a spinoff from TECO Maritime Group  which has provided technology and services to the global shipping industry since 1994. The company is listed on Euronext Growth on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker TECO and in New York  OTCQX under the ticker TECFF. For more information  visit www.teco2030.no.Yokogawa provides advanced solutions in the areas of measurement  control  and information to customers across a broad range of industries  including energy  chemicals  materials  pharmaceuticals  and food. Yokogawa addresses customer issues regarding the optimization of production  assets  and the supply chain with the effective application of digital technologies  enabling the transition to autonomous operations.Founded in Tokyo in 1915  Yokogawa continues to work toward a sustainable society through its 17 000+ employees in a global network of 129 companies spanning 60 countries.For more information  visit www.yokogawa.comThe names of corporations  organizations  products  services and logos herein are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Yokogawa Electric Corporation or their respective holders.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['Hydrogen Fuel Cells', 'Yokogawa Sign Partnership', 'Yokogawa Electric', 'Investment Agreement', 'Industrial Applications', 'TECO', 'Utilization', 'November', '01:03', '400kW FCM 400 fuel cell module Zoom', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks', 'Yokogawa Electric senior vice president', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules', 'complete fuel cell system', 'TECO 2030 hydrogen fuel cell gigafactory', 'hydrogen proton exchange membrane', 'Norwegian clean tech company', 'stationary power supply devices', 'hydrogen fuel cell technology', 'fuel cell vehicles', 'fuel cell market', 'PEM) fuel cells', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'fossil fuel era', 'hydrogen fuel cells', 'conventional combustion engines', 'hydrogen-powered marine vessels', 'auxiliary operating equipment', 'high decarbonization needs', 'global shipping industry', 'industry-leading energy density', 'energy conversion systems', 'Energy Systems Convergence', 'hydrogen cracking technology', 'Yokogawa Electric Corporation', 'renewable energy era', 'distributed power sources', 'other industrial sectors', 'zero-emission energy sources', 'other industrial applications', 'other process industries', 'energy modules', 'TECO Maritime Group', 'module production', 'Norway Zoom', 'Green hydrogen', 'supply chain', 'multiple cells', 'electrochemical process', 'Group CEO', 'global resilience', 'other industries', 'zero-emission future', 'zero-emission technology', 'electrical energy', 'energy carriers', 'energy resources', 'treasury shares', 'two companies', 'nitrogen oxide', 'technology maturity', 'dramatic increase', 'resulting reduction', 'manufacturing costs', 'output capacity', 'unique technologies', 'technology partner', 'Tore Enger', 'strategic partner', 'common goal', 'Tsuyoshi Abe', 'Marketing Headquarters', 'important role', 'net-zero emissions', 'sustainable future', 'Euronext Growth', 'New York', 'advanced solutions', 'customer issues', 'effective application', 'digital technologies', 'autonomous operations', 'sustainable society', 'investment agreement', 'business opportunities', 'green ammonia', 'ongoing development', 'broad range', 'TECO 2030 ASA', 'production capacity', 'information technologies', 'maritime transportation', 'partnership', 'Lysaker', 'Tokyo', 'Japan', 'November', 'OSE', 'OTCQX', 'TECFF', 'ISIN', 'Rendering', 'oxygen', 'water', 'FCV', 'storage', 'electricity', 'NOx', 'adoption', 'demand', 'expansion', 'turn', 'use', 'automotive', 'Narvik', 'months', '400 MW', '1.6 GW', 'AVL', 'forerunner', 'field', 'performance', 'decades', 'experience', 'control', 'knowhow', 'board', 'investor', 'whitepaper', 'transition', 'pathways', 'journey', 'World', 'sustainability', 'food', 'ships', 'spinoff', 'services', 'ticker', 'areas', 'measurement', 'customers', 'chemicals', 'materials', 'pharmaceuticals', 'optimization', 'assets', '17']",2030-11-02,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32163,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45206129/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -November 01  2023 at 02:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31 Oct 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5751 £ 23.6616 Estimated MTD return -1.11 % -1.01 % Estimated YTD return -4.30 % -3.13 % Estimated ITD return 165.75 % 136.62 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.18 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.15 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0594 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5683The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'November', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Oct', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32164,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2770777/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31 Oct 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5751 £ 23.6616 Estimated MTD return -1.11 % -1.01 % Estimated YTD return -4.30 % -3.13 % Estimated ITD return 165.75 % 136.62 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.18 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.15 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0594 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5683The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Oct', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32165,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/01/public-storage-nysepsa-shares-sold-by-abrdn-plc/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Shares Sold by abrdn plc,abrdn plc reduced its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.3% during the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 250 571 shares of the real estate investment …,abrdn plc reduced its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.3% during the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 250 571 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 11 235 shares during the period. abrdn plc’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $73 137 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of PSA. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC grew its stake in shares of Public Storage by 17.9% in the first quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 5 396 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 630 000 after buying an additional 819 shares in the last quarter. Lindbrook Capital LLC increased its stake in Public Storage by 4.9% during the 1st quarter. Lindbrook Capital LLC now owns 882 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $267 000 after buying an additional 41 shares during the period. Northwest Bancshares Inc. lifted its holdings in Public Storage by 15.2% during the 2nd quarter. Northwest Bancshares Inc. now owns 17 285 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5 045 000 after buying an additional 2 275 shares in the last quarter. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich raised its stake in shares of Public Storage by 98 060.3% in the second quarter. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich now owns 343 561 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $100 279 000 after acquiring an additional 343 211 shares in the last quarter. Finally  First Trust Direct Indexing L.P. increased its holdings in Public Storage by 3.6% during the 1st quarter. First Trust Direct Indexing L.P. now owns 2 466 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $745 000 after purchasing an additional 85 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Price PerformancePSA stock opened at $238.71 on Wednesday. The company has a current ratio of 1.28  a quick ratio of 1.28 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.19. The company has a market capitalization of $41.97 billion  a P/E ratio of 10.34  a PEG ratio of 2.84 and a beta of 0.46. The business has a 50 day simple moving average of $265.53 and a 200-day simple moving average of $280.08. Public Storage has a twelve month low of $233.18 and a twelve month high of $316.48.Wall Street Analyst Weigh InPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last announced its earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.21 by ($1.01). The business had revenue of $1.14 billion for the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a return on equity of 34.83% and a net margin of 45.46%. Public Storage’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year  the company posted $4.13 EPS. As a group  equities analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.73 EPS for the current year.A number of brokerages have recently commented on PSA. The Goldman Sachs Group assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Wednesday  September 27th. They set a “buy” rating and a $310.00 price objective for the company. StockNews.com began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Truist Financial reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 price target on shares of Public Storage in a report on Tuesday. Stifel Nicolaus cut their target price on Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday  September 13th. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  October 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 price target on the stock. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. According to data from MarketBeat  the company currently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $299.83.View Our Latest Analysis on PSAAbout Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At June 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 2 888 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 206 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 266 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.38,0.26,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'abrdn plc', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Shares', 'First Trust Direct Indexing L.P.', '206 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', '50 day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'Wall Street Analyst Weigh', 'Tower Research Capital LLC', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Public Storage Price Performance', 'PSA Get Free Report', 'Lindbrook Capital LLC', 'Three investment analysts', 'Northwest Bancshares Inc.', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'other large investors', 'latest 13F filings', 'average target price', 'twelve month low', '35% common equity interest', 'other hedge funds', 'Public Storage alerts', 'S&P 500', 'first quarter', 'net margin', 'analyst estimates', 'Shurgard brand', 'research report', '$305.00 price target', '$270.00 price target', 'research note', 'Institutional investors', 'equities analysts', '$310.00 price objective', 'Latest Analysis', 'abrdn plc', 'recent filing', 'Exchange Commission', 'Co. Ltd', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'earnings results', 'consensus estimate', 'year basis', 'current year', 'buy” rating', 'hold” rating', 'Truist Financial', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'Wells Fargo', 'overweight” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'consensus rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Recommended Stories', '2nd quarter', 'recent quarter', 'last quarter', '1st quarter', 'second quarter', 'same quarter', 'quarterly revenue', 'StockNews.com', 'United States', 'additional 819 shares', 'additional 41 shares', 'additional 2,275 shares', 'additional 343,211 shares', 'additional 85 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', 'PSA stock', 'PSA.', '40 states', '250,571 shares', '11,235 shares', '5,396 shares', '882 shares', '17,285 shares', '343,561 shares', '2,466 shares', 'stake', 'company', 'Securities', 'firm', 'period', 'holdings', 'number', 'TRC', 'Zurich', 'Wednesday', 'debt', 'beta', 'business', 'Monday', 'October', 'return', '16.73 EPS', 'brokerages', 'coverage', 'September', 'Saturday', 'Tuesday', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', 'June', 'interests', '45.']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,etfdailynews.com
32166,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2770822/0/en/Azerion-and-Huawei-forge-strategic-partnership-to-transform-gaming-and-advertising-landscape.html,Azerion and Huawei forge strategic partnership to transform gaming and advertising landscape,Amsterdam  1st November 2023 – Azerion  a leading provider of digital advertising solutions  is excited to announce a strategic partnership with Huawei  the leading global tech company. This partnership marks the beginning of an ambitious collaboration betwee…,"Amsterdam  1st November 2023 – Azerion  a leading provider of digital advertising solutions  is excited to announce a strategic partnership with Huawei  the leading global tech company. This partnership marks the beginning of an ambitious collaboration between the two companies in various business sectors  including advertising  ad tech  and gaming.As the initial focus of their partnership  Azerion and Huawei have prioritised bringing an engaging casual gaming experience to the 11.5 million monthly active users of HUAWEI Browser in Europe. Azerion  known for its extensive collection of free-to-play casual games  recognises the significance of the casual gaming vertical  which offers easily accessible entertainment with a low barrier to entry for users. Azerion's platform encompasses a wide range of casual games tailored to various age groups  providing publishers with the advantages of enhanced user retention and increased product affinity. By introducing a diverse array of casual games to the HUAWEI Browser  this partnership aims to provide people with fun and challenging entertainment so that they enjoy spending more time in Huawei’s environment.This first project focuses on delivering a gaming platform exclusively monetised by Azerion's premium demand. The platform will feature the full suite of Azerion cross-platform games designed to adapt to mobile user behaviour  a key factor for Huawei. Games serve as a powerful retention tool  increasing the time spent by users online and engaging with a brand such as Huawei. As one of the leading providers of engaging entertainment in the EU  Azerion is thrilled to offer this to Huawei. In return  Huawei will provide access to their cutting-edge technologies  with strong performance and excellent local service  enabling Azerion to stream games seamlessly to users. This project explores the potential synergies between each of the companies’ product suites and trials the use of Huawei's technology so that Azerion's advertising solutions can provide effective monetisation. In the future  the two companies will have more cooperation in game innovation.""We are thrilled to embark on this strategic partnership with Huawei "" said Yuliya Nabieva  Director of Content Licensing and Production at Azerion. ""By combining our expertise and resources  we aim to deliver innovative solutions and experiences to users across various Huawei and Azerion products. This collaboration is the first step in the partnership that is set to grow""Jaime Gonzalo  VP of Huawei Consumer Mobile Services for Europe  commented  ""This collaboration between HUAWEI Browser and Azerion is particularly beneficial for those users who want fast game sessions  without going through the full download process. Our quick link technology enables immediate access to a rich variety of great puzzle and casual games to all users for free  which ultimately translates into a highly satisfactory gaming experience.""Through this partnership  both enterprises will accelerate advertising business growth in the EU. Huawei will serve as a technical provider and publisher  while Azerion will market their products and bring quality advertisers and entertainment to the 11.5 million HUAWEI Browser MAUs in the EU. This collaboration aims to leverage the strengths of both companies to drive innovation and provide enhanced experiences for users.Ends.About AzerionFounded in 2014  Azerion (EURONEXT: AZRN) is one of Europe’s largest digital advertising and entertainment media platforms. Azerion brings global scaled audiences to advertisers in an easy and cost-effective way  delivered through our proprietary technology  in a safe  engaging  and high-quality environment  utilising our strategic portfolio of owned and operated content with entertainment and other digital publishing partners.Having its roots in Europe with its headquarters in Amsterdam  Azerion has commercial teams based in over 26 cities around the world to closely support our clients and partners to find and execute creative ways to really make an impact through advertising.For more information visit: www.azerion.comAbout HuaweiFounded in 1987  Huawei is a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and smart devices. We have 207 000 employees and operate in over 170 countries and regions  serving more than three billion people around the world. We are committed to bringing digital to every person  home and organisation for a fully connected  intelligent world.Contact InformationInvestor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.com",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['strategic partnership', 'advertising landscape', 'Azerion', 'Huawei', 'gaming', '11.5 million monthly active users', 'other digital publishing partners', 'leading global tech company', 'Huawei Consumer Mobile Services', 'engaging casual gaming experience', '11.5 million HUAWEI Browser MAUs', 'global scaled audiences', 'satisfactory gaming experience', 'mobile user behaviour', 'excellent local service', 'various business sectors', 'various age groups', 'powerful retention tool', 'fast game sessions', 'full download process', 'leading global provider', 'advertising business growth', 'casual gaming vertical', 'quick link technology', 'three billion people', 'largest digital advertising', 'connected, intelligent world', 'companies’ product suites', 'digital advertising solutions', 'entertainment media platforms', 'Azerion cross-platform games', 'leading provider', 'ad tech', 'user retention', 'product affinity', 'full suite', 'casual games', 'innovative solutions', 'technical provider', 'various Huawei', 'two companies', 'initial focus', 'extensive collection', 'low barrier', 'wide range', 'diverse array', 'premium demand', 'key factor', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'strong performance', 'potential synergies', 'effective monetisation', 'game innovation', 'Yuliya Nabieva', 'first step', 'Jaime Gonzalo', 'rich variety', 'great puzzle', 'cost-effective way', 'proprietary technology', 'strategic portfolio', 'commercial teams', 'creative ways', 'communications technology', 'ICT) infrastructure', 'smart devices', 'Investor Relations', 'gaming platform', 'accessible entertainment', 'challenging entertainment', 'first project', 'Content Licensing', 'immediate access', 'quality advertisers', 'enhanced experiences', 'high-quality environment', 'Contact Information', 'strategic partnership', 'ambitious collaboration', 'Azerion products', 'Amsterdam', '1st', 'beginning', 'Europe', 'significance', 'entry', 'publishers', 'advantages', 'fun', 'time', 'brand', 'return', 'future', 'cooperation', 'Director', 'Production', 'expertise', 'resources', 'VP', 'enterprises', 'strengths', 'Ends', 'EURONEXT', 'AZRN', 'easy', 'roots', 'headquarters', '26 cities', 'clients', 'impact', '207,000 employees', '170 countries', 'regions', 'person', 'home', 'organisation']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32167,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/01/cullen-frost-bankers-inc-has-2-57-million-position-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Has $2.57 Million Position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. increased its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 1 439.9% during the second quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 8 808 shares of the real estate investment trust’s sto…,Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. increased its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 1 439.9% during the second quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 8 808 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 8 236 shares during the period. Cullen Frost Bankers Inc.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $2 571 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PSA. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Public Storage in the fourth quarter worth approximately $670 512 000. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC increased its holdings in Public Storage by 111 535.5% in the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1 246 968 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $349 388 000 after buying an additional 1 245 851 shares during the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its holdings in Public Storage by 63.6% in the first quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 2 755 605 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $832 580 000 after buying an additional 1 071 347 shares during the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. increased its holdings in Public Storage by 789.5% in the first quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 780 897 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $32 917 000 after buying an additional 693 103 shares during the last quarter. Finally  Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich increased its holdings in Public Storage by 98 060.3% in the second quarter. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich now owns 343 561 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $100 279 000 after buying an additional 343 211 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Wall Street Analyst Weigh InA number of brokerages have issued reports on PSA. Truist Financial reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 target price on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday. Wells Fargo & Company began coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  October 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 target price for the company. Morgan Stanley began coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Thursday  September 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 target price for the company. The Goldman Sachs Group began coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Wednesday  September 27th. They set a “buy” rating and a $310.00 target price for the company. Finally  StockNews.com assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. According to data from MarketBeat  the company presently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $299.83.Public Storage Stock Down 0.0 %PSA opened at $238.71 on Wednesday. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $316.48. The company has a current ratio of 1.28  a quick ratio of 1.28 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.19. The stock has a market capitalization of $41.97 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.34  a P/E/G ratio of 2.84 and a beta of 0.46. The business has a 50 day moving average of $265.53 and a 200-day moving average of $280.08.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.21 by ($1.01). The business had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 45.46% and a return on equity of 34.83%. The firm’s revenue was up 5.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year  the company posted $4.13 earnings per share. As a group  sell-side analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.73 earnings per share for the current year.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At June 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 2 888 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 206 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 266 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.47,0.52,True,English,"['Cullen Frost Bankers Inc.', 'Million Position', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD', '206 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'Cullen Frost Bankers Inc.', 'Envestnet Asset Management Inc.', 'real estate investment trust', 'Wall Street Analyst Weigh', 'seven Western European nations', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'latest 13F filings', 'Bank Julius Baer', '50 day moving average', '200-day moving average', 'recent reporting period', 'other hedge funds', 'equal weight” rating', '35% common equity interest', 'consensus target price', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Three research analysts', 'quarterly earnings data', 'net margin', 'Public Storage Stock', '$305.00 target price', '$270.00 target price', '$250.00 target price', '$310.00 target price', 'Shurgard brand', 'average rating', 'Norges Bank', 'consensus estimate', 'research report', 'buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'Co. Ltd', 'Institutional investors', 'Truist Financial', 'Wells Fargo', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Moderate Buy', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market capitalization', 'P/E/G ratio', 'same period', 'prior year', 'current year', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'insider trades', 'second quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'first quarter', 'same quarter', 'earnings ratio', 'new position', 'StockNews.com', 'United States', 'additional 8,236 shares', 'additional 1,245,851 shares', 'additional 1,071,347 shares', 'additional 693,103 shares', 'additional 343,211 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', '$4.13 earnings', '16.73 earnings', '40 states', '8,808 shares', '1,246,968 shares', '2,755,605 shares', '780,897 shares', '343,561 shares', 'PSA.', 'holdings', 'end', 'number', 'stakes', 'Zurich', 'company', 'brokerages', 'reports', 'Tuesday', 'coverage', 'October', 'Thursday', 'September', 'Wednesday', 'Saturday', 'MarketBeat', 'debt', 'beta', 'business', 'Monday', 'revenue', 'return', 'firm', 'member', 'REIT', 'June', 'interests']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,etfdailynews.com
32168,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-2023-Nine-Month-Trading-Update-45206383/,Wolters Kluwer 2023 Nine-Month Trading Update,(marketscreener.com) Wolters Kluwer 2023 Nine-Month Trading Update Alphen aan den Rijn  November 1  2023 – Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today releases its scheduled 2023 nine-month trading updat…,Wolters Kluwer 2023 Nine-Month Trading UpdateAlphen aan den Rijn  November 1  2023 – Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today releases its scheduled 2023 nine-month trading update.HighlightsGuidance for 2023 reiterated.Nine-month revenues up 4% in constant currencies and up 5% organically. Recurring revenues (82% of total revenues) up 7% organically; non-recurring revenues down 2%. Digital & services revenues (94% of total) up 6% organically; print down 7%. Expert solutions revenues (58% of total) up 7% organically.Nine-month adjusted operating profit down 2% in constant currencies. Adjusted operating profit margin 26.1%  down 150 basis points  as expected. We continue to expect an increase in the full-year 2023 adjusted operating profit margin.Nine-month adjusted free cash flow down 13% in constant currencies. Unfavorable timing of working capital movements and higher capital expenditures.Net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio 1.6x as of September 30  2023.Share buyback 2023: on track to reach €1 billion by year-end.Share buyback 2024: mandate signed to repurchase up to €100 million in January and February 2024.Nancy McKinstry  CEO and Chair of the Executive Board  commented: “In the first nine months  we have sustained strong organic growth in our important recurring revenue streams across all five divisions. The down-cycle in transactional revenues has lasted longer than we expected  but we are nonetheless on track to deliver good organic growth and margin improvement for the full year. Investments in product development  including in artificial intelligence  were maintained at high levels as we continue to see exciting opportunities to grow our business and support our professional customers in the years ahead.”Nine Months to September 30  2023Total revenues were up 2% overall reflecting the impact of the weaker U.S. dollar  particularly in the third quarter of 2023. Excluding the effect of currency  acquisitions  and divestments  organic revenues were up 5% in the first nine months (9M 2022: 6%). Recurring revenues (82% of total revenues) sustained strong momentum  growing 7% organically which was in line with 2022 and in line with the first half of 2023 (9M 2022: 7%; HY 2023: 7%). Within recurring revenues  cloud software subscription revenues grew 15% organically (9M 2022: 18%).Non-recurring revenues (18% of total revenues) declined 2% organically (9M 2022: growth of 4%). These revenues include transactional fees in our Financial & Corporate Compliance division  software license and implementation fees in our software businesses  and other non-subscription products and services.Viewed by format  digital revenues (85% of total) grew 7% organically (9M 2022: 8% growth). Services revenues (9% of total) increased 1% organically (9M 2022: 5% growth)  deteriorating slightly in the third quarter due to the transactional trends in Financial & Corporate Compliance. Print revenues (6% of total) declined 7% organically (9M 2022: 4% decline)  as expected.Revenues from North America (65% of total) grew 4% organically (9M 2022: 6%)  with stronger momentum in Health dampened by slower growth in the other divisions. Revenues from Europe (27% of total) grew 7% (9M 2022: 5%). Revenues from Asia Pacific & Rest of World (8% of total) grew 8% organically (9M 2022: 15%).Nine-month adjusted operating profit declined 2% in constant currencies. The nine-month adjusted operating profit margin was 26.1%  down 150 basis points compared to the same period in 2022  as expected. The margin primarily reflects a 6% increase in total personnel costs (as we filled open positions) combined with an increase in personnel-related expenses  such as travel. Product development spend was maintained at 11% of revenues  an increase from the comparable period (9M 2022: 10% of revenues).Health: Nine-month revenues increased 6% in constant currencies and 6% organically (9M 2022: 5%). Clinical Solutions recorded 7% organic growth (9M 2022: 8%)  supported by continued good renewals for UpToDate  drug information solutions  and our Emmi patient engagement solution. Revenues in surveillance  compliance  and terminology solutions remained soft. Health Learning  Research & Practice recorded 4% organic growth (9M 2022: 2%)  benefitting from good subscription renewals for the Ovid medical research solution  strong growth in open access journal content  and the addition of the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) digital distribution contract. As expected  journal print subscriptions  advertising and reprints declined  as did print book revenues. The integrations of Nurse Tim and Invistics  acquired this year  are proceeding to plan.Tax & Accounting: Nine-month revenues increased 8% in constant currencies and 8% organically (pro forma 9M 2022: 9%)  including a better-than-expected third quarter in Europe. The North American business recorded 8% organic growth (9M 2022: 11%)  driven by continued strong performance of our cloud-based software suite  CCH Axcess. Outsourced professional services grew well organically  but more moderately than in the prior year. Tax & Accounting Europe recorded 7% organic growth with good growth across all countries. Asia Pacific & Rest of World grew 7% organically  with double-digit organic growth in China.Financial & Corporate Compliance: Nine-month revenues increased 1% in constant currencies and 1% organically (pro forma 9M 2022: 5%). Recurring revenues increased 5% organically (pro forma 9M 2022: 8%)  while non-recurring revenues declined 7% (pro forma 9M 2022: 0%) continuing the trend seen in the first half. Legal Services grew 1% organically (pro forma 9M 2022: 4%)  with robust growth in recurring revenues largely offset by a 9% decline in Legal Services transactional fees (pro forma 9M 2022: 2% decline) amidst the ongoing downturn in M&A and IPO activity. Financial Services revenues were flat on an organic basis (pro forma 9M 2022: 6% growth)  as good growth in recurring revenues was erased by a 6% decline in transactional revenues (pro forma 9M 2022: 2% growth) reflecting the downturn in lending volumes.Legal & Regulatory: Nine-month revenues declined 5% in constant currencies (mainly due to the disposal of the French and Spanish legal publishing assets on November 30  2022) but grew 4% on an organic basis (pro forma 9M 2022: 4%). Legal & Regulatory Information Solutions grew 4% organically  as 8% organic growth for our digital information solutions more than offset print decline. Legal & Regulatory Software revenues grew 5% organically  with robust growth in subscriptions and transactional fees (ELM) partly offset by lower implementation services revenues.Corporate Performance & ESG: Nine-month revenues increased 8% in constant currencies. On an organic basis  revenues increased by 8% (pro forma 9M 2022: 11%)  with recurring revenues up 12% but non-recurring software licenses and professional services revenues stable. Our EHS/ORM1 solutions (Enablon) delivered 15% organic growth (9M 2022: 24%). The CCH Tagetik corporate performance suite delivered 14% organic growth (9M 2022: 14%)  benefitting from demand for the ESG reporting and global minimum tax reporting modules. Finance  Risk & Reporting saw nine-month organic revenues decline in line with the first half due to the conclusion of two implementations and the exit from Russia and Belarus.Corporate costs increased 14% in constant currencies and on an organic basis in the first nine months  due to higher personnel costs and personnel-related expenses coupled with higher spending on various projects.Cash Flow and Net DebtNine-month adjusted operating cash flow declined 11% in constant currencies  reflecting unfavorable timing of working capital movements as well as increased capital expenditures related to product development. As a result  nine-month adjusted free cash flow decreased 13% in constant currencies.Cash flow used for dividends amounted to €440 million in the first nine months. Total acquisition spending  net of cash acquired and including transaction costs  was €60 million in the first nine months  primarily relating to the acquisition of Nurse Tim in January 2023 and Invistics in June 2023. In the first nine months  €693 million of cash flow was deployed towards the 2023 share repurchase program.As of September 30  2023  net debt stood at €2 684 million (compared to €2 253 million at year-end 2022). Twelve months’ rolling net-debt-to-EBITDA was 1.6x (compared to 1.3x at year-end 2022).Sustainability UpdateThroughout 2023  we have continued to invest in programs designed to attract  engage  retain  and develop talent globally. Our employee turnover rate has improved despite global competition for technology skills and other talent. Our annual compliance training program was rolled out in September to all employees. As of the end of October  99% of employees globally have completed the training program.As reported previously  in early 2023  we submitted near-term emissions reduction targets to the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for validation. We also committed to reduce our emissions in line with a pathway to limit global warming to 1.5C and reaching net-zero by no later than 2050.Our real estate rationalization program remains an important effort to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions. Through the first nine months of 2023  this program achieved a 3% organic reduction in our global office footprint (m2) compared to year-end 2022. Meanwhile  our cloud migration and on-premise server decommissioning program made significant progress in September and October with over 1 000 servers eliminated year to date.In preparation for compliance with the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS)  which become mandatory as of financial year 2024  we have carried out an initial double materiality assessment based on the ESRS.Share Cancellation 2023On August 31  2023  we cancelled 9.0 million shares that were held in treasury  as approved by shareholders at the AGM in May 2023. Following this cancellation  the number of issued ordinary shares is 248 516 153. As of September 30  2023  242.9 million shares were outstanding and 5.6 million shares were held in treasury.Share Buyback Program 2023 and 2024In February 2023  we announced a 2023 share buyback program of up to €1 billion. In the year to date  through October 30  2023  we have completed approximately 80% of this buyback  having repurchased €803 million in shares (7.2 million shares at an average price of €111.96). A third-party mandate is in place to complete the final tranche of €197 million in the period starting November 2  2023  up to and including December 27  2023.For the upcoming year 2024  we have this week signed a third-party mandate to execute up to €100 million in share buybacks for the period starting January 2  2024  up to and including February 19  2024.We continue to believe this level of share buybacks leaves us with ample headroom to support our dividend plans  to sustain organic investment  and to make selective acquisitions. The share repurchases may be suspended  discontinued  or modified at any time.Third party mandates are governed by the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and Wolters Kluwer’s Articles of Association. Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and are either cancelled or held to meet future obligations arising from share-based incentive plans. We remain committed to our anti-dilution policy which aims to offset the dilution caused by our annual incentive share issuance with share repurchases.Full-Year 2023 OutlookWe reiterate our guidance for 2023 as shown in the table below. We expect organic growth to pick up slightly in the fourth quarter and we expect the adjusted operating margin to improve year-on-year in the fourth quarter  resulting in a margin increase for the full year. Adjusted free cash flow in constant currencies is expected to increase in the fourth quarter.Full-Year 2023 Outlook Performance indicators 2023 Guidance 2022 Actual Adjusted operating profit margin* 26.1%-26.5% 26.1% Adjusted free cash flow** Around €1 200 million €1 220 million ROIC* 16.5%-17.0% 15.5% Diluted adjusted EPS growth** High-single-digit 8% *Guidance for adjusted operating profit margin and ROIC is in reporting currency and assumes an average EUR/USD rate in 2023 of €/$1.08. **Guidance for adjusted free cash flow and diluted adjusted EPS is in constant currencies (€/$ 1.05). Guidance reflects share repurchases of €1 billion in 2023.If the current U.S. dollar rate persists  currency will have a slightly negative effect on full-year 2023 results reported in euros. In 2022  Wolters Kluwer generated over 60% of its revenues and adjusted operating profit in North America. As a rule of thumb  based on our 2022 currency profile  each 1 U.S. cent move in the average €/$ exchange rate for the year causes an opposite change of approximately 3 euro cents in diluted adjusted EPS2.We include restructuring costs in adjusted operating profit. We continue to expect 2023 restructuring costs to be in the range of €10-€15 million (FY 2022: €6 million). We now expect adjusted net financing costs3 in constant currencies to be €30-€35 million (previous guidance: €40 million). We expect the benchmark tax rate on adjusted pre-tax profits to be in the range of 23.0%-24.0% (FY 2022: 22.6%). Capital expenditure is expected to be at the upper end of our normal guidance range of 5.0%-6.0% of total revenues (FY 2022: 5.4%). We continue to expect the full-year 2023 cash conversion ratio to reduce to approximately 100% (FY 2022: 107%).Our guidance assumes no additional significant change to the scope of operations. We may make further acquisitions or disposals which can be dilutive to margins  earnings  and ROIC in the near term.2023 outlook by division (new five-division structure)Health: we now expect organic growth to be in line with or slightly better than in the prior year (FY 2022: 5%); we continue to expect the full-year adjusted operating profit margin to be stable (FY 2022: 29.9%).Tax & Accounting: we continue to expect organic growth to be lower than in the prior year (pro forma FY 2022: 8%) and the adjusted operating profit margin to decline slightly compared to prior year (pro forma FY 2022: 32.6%).Financial & Corporate Compliance: we now expect full-year organic growth to be slower than in the prior year (pro forma FY 2022: 4%)  even as transactional trends improve in the fourth quarter; we continue to expect the full-year adjusted operating profit margin to improve slightly (pro forma FY 2022: 36.7%).Legal & Regulatory: we continue to expect organic growth to be in line with prior year (pro forma FY 2022: 4%) and the adjusted operating profit margin to increase for the full year (pro forma FY 2022: 14.5%).Corporate Performance & ESG: we now expect organic growth to be in line with or to improve slightly from the prior year (pro forma FY 2022: 12%) and the adjusted operating profit margin to increase slightly for the full year (pro forma FY 2022: 12.4%).Appendix 1a Divisional Organic Growth Rates – New Reporting Structure9M 2023 Pro forma 9M 2022 Health 6% 5% Tax & Accounting 8% 9% Financial & Corporate Compliance 1% 5% Legal & Regulatory 4% 4% Corporate Performance & ESG 8% 11% Total Wolters Kluwer 5% 6% In March 2023  a new division – Corporate Performance & ESG – was created by bringing together four of our existing global enterprise software businesses: CCH Tagetik and TeamMate (formerly in Tax & Accounting)  EHS/ORM (formerly part of Legal & Regulatory  and FRR (formerly part of Governance  Risk & Compliance). Governance  Risk & Compliance was renamed Financial & Corporate Compliance and the Enterprise Legal Management business (ELM) was transferred to Legal & Regulatory. The Health division was not affected by this organizational change.Appendix 1b Divisional Organic Growth Rates – Former Reporting StructurePro Forma 9M 2023 9M 2022 Health 6% 5% Tax & Accounting 8% 9% Governance  Risk & Compliance 0% 5% Legal & Regulatory 6% 5% Total Wolters Kluwer 5% 6%About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Financial CalendarFebruary 21  2024 Full-Year 2023 Results March 6  2024 Publication of 2023 Annual Report May 1  2024 First-Quarter 2024 Trading Update May 8  2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders May 10  2024 Ex-dividend date: 2023 final dividend May 13  2024 Record date: 2023 final dividend June 4  2024 Payment date: 2023 final dividend ordinary shares June 11  2024 Payment date: 2023 final dividend ADRs July 31  2024 Half-Year 2024 Results August 27  2024 Ex-dividend date: 2024 interim dividend August 28  2024 Record date: 2024 interim dividend September 19  2024 Payment date: 2024 interim dividend September 26  2024 Payment date: 2024 interim dividend ADRs October 30  2024 Nine-Month 2024 Trading UpdateMedia Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t +44 (0)7765-391-824 t +31 (0)172-641-407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by global pandemics  such as COVID-19; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.1 EHS/ORM = environmental  health & safety and operational risk management.2 This rule of thumb excludes the impact of exchange rate movements on intercompany balances  which is accounted for in adjusted net financing costs in reported currencies and determined based on period-end spot rates and balances.3 Adjusted net financing costs include lease interest charges. Guidance for adjusted net financing costs in constant currencies excludes the impact of exchange rate movements on currency hedging and intercompany balances.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.26,0.47,True,English,"['2023 Nine-Month Trading Update', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Nine-month adjusted free cash flow', 'full-year 2023 adjusted operating profit margin', 'nine-month adjusted operating profit margin', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'weaker U.S. dollar', 'Emmi patient engagement solution', 'important recurring revenue streams', 'Ovid medical research solution', 'open access journal content', 'NEJM) digital distribution contract', 'The North American business', 'cloud software subscription revenues', 'good subscription renewals', '2023 Nine-Month Trading Update', 'New England Journal', 'working capital movements', 'higher capital expenditures', 'cloud-based software suite', 'journal print subscriptions', 'other non-subscription products', 'Outsourced professional serv', 'first nine months', 'Product development spend', 'continued good renewals', 'drug information solutions', 'Corporate Compliance division', 'total personnel costs', 'good organic growth', 'print book revenues', 'Expert solutions revenues', 'strong organic growth', 'Nine-month revenues', 'margin improvement', 'open positions', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'first half', 'software license', 'software businesses', 'other divisions', 'Recurring revenues', 'professional customers', 'strong momentum', 'strong performance', '7% organic growth', '4% organic growth', '8% organic growth', 'organic revenues', 'digital revenues', 'Clinical Solutions', 'strong growth', 'Print revenues', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'global leader', 'constant currencies', 'Unfavorable timing', 'EBITDA ratio', 'Share buyback', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'Executive Board', 'five divisions', 'full year', 'artificial intelligence', 'high levels', 'exciting opportunities', 'third quarter', 'transactional fees', 'implementation fees', 'transactional trends', 'stronger momentum', 'Asia Pacific', 'same period', 'personnel-related expenses', 'comparable period', 'Nurse Tim', 'CCH Axcess', 'slower growth', 'transactional revenues', 'services revenues', 'total revenues', 'Health Learning', '8% growth', '5% growth', 'scheduled', 'Highlights', 'Guidance', 'basis', 'increase', 'Net-debt', 'September', 'track', 'year-end', 'mandate', 'January', 'February', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'down-cycle', 'Investments', 'years', 'impact', 'effect', 'currency', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'line', 'HY', 'Financial', 'Europe', 'Rest', 'World', 'travel', 'UpToDate', 'surveillance', 'Practice', 'addition', 'Medicine', 'advertising', 'reprints', 'integrations', 'Invistics', 'Tax', 'Accounting', '2022']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32169,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2771525/0/en/Volta-Finance-Limited-Director-PDMR-Shareholding.html,Volta Finance Limited : Director/PDMR Shareholding,Volta Finance Limited (VTA/VTAS)   Notification of transactions by directors  persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely......,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA/VTAS)Notification of transactions by directors  persons discharging managerialresponsibilities and persons closely associated with themNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  1 November 2023Pursuant to the announcements made on 5 April 2019 and 26 June 2020 relating to changes to the payment of directors fees  Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta”) has purchased 4 549 ordinary shares of no par value in the Company (“Ordinary Shares”) at an average price of €5.09 per share.Each director receives 30% of their Director’s fees for any year in the form of shares  which they are required to retain for a period of no less than one year from their respective date of issue.The shares will be issued to the Directors  who for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse (""MAR"") are ""persons discharging managerial responsibilities"" (a ""PDMR"").Dagmar Kershaw  Chairman and a PDMR for the purposes of MAR  acquired 1 152 additional Ordinary Shares in the Company. Following the settlement of this transaction  Ms Kershaw will have an interest in 9 605 Ordinary Shares  representing 0.03% of the issued shares of the Company;Stephen Le Page  Director and a PDMR for the purposes of MAR  acquired 979 additional Ordinary Shares in the Company. Following the settlement of this transaction  Mr Le Page will have an interest in 47 970 Ordinary Shares  representing 0.13% of the issued shares of the Company;Graham Harrison  Director and a PDMR for the purposes of MAR  acquired 806 additional Ordinary Shares in the Company. Following the settlement of this transaction  Mr Harrison will have an interest in 29 994 Ordinary Shares  representing 0.08% of the issued shares of the Company;Yedau Ogoundele  Director and a PDMR for the purposes of MAR acquired 806 additional Ordinary Shares in the Company. Following the settlement of this transaction  Mrs Ogoundele will have an interest in 4 598 Ordinary Shares  representing 0.01% of the issued shares of the Company; andJoanne Peacegood  Director and a PDMR for the purposes of MAR acquired 806 additional Ordinary Shares in the Company. Following the settlement of this transaction  Mrs Peacegood will have an interest in 1 085 Ordinary Shares  representing 0.01% of the issued shares of the Company;The notifications below  made in accordance with the requirements of MAR  provide further detail in relation to the above transactions:Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Dagmar KershawCHAIRMAN & DIRECTOR b) Stephen Le PageDIRECTOR c) Graham Harrison DIRECTOR d) Yedau OgoundeleDIRECTOR e) Joanne PeacegoodDIRECTOR Reason for the notification a. Position/status Director b. Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Volta Finance Limited b. LEI 2138004N6QDNAZ2V3W80 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of financial instrument  type of instrument Ordinary Sharesb. Identification code GG00B1GHHH78 c. Nature of the transactionPurchase and allocation of Ordinary Shares relation to the part-payment of Directors' fees for the quarter ended 31 July 2023 d. Price(s) €5.09 per share e. Volume(s) Total: 4 549 f. Date of transaction 1 November 2023 g. Place of transaction On-market – London Aggregate Purchase Information a)Dagmar KershawChairman and Director b)Steve Le PageDirector c)Graham Harrison Director d)Yedau Ogoundele Director e)Joanne PeacegoodDirector Aggr. Volume:1 152Price:€5.09 per share Aggr. Volume:979Price:€5.09 per share Aggr. Volume:806Price:€5.09 per shareAggr. Volume:806Price:€5.09 per share Aggr. Volume:806Price:€5.09 per shareCONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 600 professionals and €824 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2022.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.19,0.32,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Director/PDMR Shareholding', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'emission allowance market participant', 'London Aggregate Purchase Information', 'Name Volta Finance Limited', 'Steve Le Page Director', 'Stephen Le Page', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Joanne Peacegood Director Aggr', 'Mr Le Page', 'home member state', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'EU Transparency Directive', '1,152 additional Ordinary Shares', '979 additional Ordinary Shares', '806 additional Ordinary Shares', 'Graham Harrison Director', 'Yedau Ogoundele Director', 'share Aggr. Volume', 'Mr Harrison', 'Investment objectives', 'Mrs Peacegood', 'listed securities', '4,549 ordinary shares', '9,605 Ordinary Shares', '47,970 Ordinary Shares', '29,994 Ordinary Shares', '4,598 Ordinary Shares', '1,085 Ordinary Shares', 'Market Abuse', 'Mrs Ogoundele', 'Main Market', 'transaction(s', 'managerial responsibilities', 'UNITED STATES', 'par value', 'Dagmar Kershaw', 'Ms Kershaw', 'auction platform', 'auction monitor', 'Identification code', 'Corporate Broker', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'financial markets', 'credit cycle', 'stable stream', 'DIRECTOR Reason', 'Position/status Director', 'one year', 'Initial notification', 'Serge Demay', 'Guernsey Branch', 'Guernsey) Law', 'respective date', 'financial instrument', 'directors fees', ""Directors' fees"", 'average price', 'Company Secretary', 'VTA/VTAS', 'transactions', 'persons', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'THE', '1 November', 'announcements', '5 April', '26 June', 'changes', 'payment', 'period', 'less', 'issue', 'purposes', 'Regulation', 'PDMR', 'Chairman', 'settlement', 'interest', 'notifications', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'detail', 'relation', 'Amendment', 'auctioneer', 'LEI', 'section', 'type', 'place', 'Description', 'Nature', 'allocation', 'quarter', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'Companies', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', 'Shareholders', 'dividends', '44']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32170,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Volta-Finance-Limited-Director-PDMR-Shareholding-45213126/,Volta Finance Limited : Director/PDMR Shareholding -November 01  2023 at 12:11 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited Notification of transactions by directors  persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UN…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA/VTAS)Notification of transactions by directors  persons discharging managerialresponsibilities and persons closely associated with themNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  1 November 2023Pursuant to the announcements made on 5 April 2019 and 26 June 2020 relating to changes to the payment of directors fees  Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta”) has purchased 4 549 ordinary shares of no par value in the Company (“Ordinary Shares”) at an average price of €5.09 per share.Each director receives 30% of their Director’s fees for any year in the form of shares  which they are required to retain for a period of no less than one year from their respective date of issue.The shares will be issued to the Directors  who for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse (""MAR"") are ""persons discharging managerial responsibilities"" (a ""PDMR"").Dagmar Kershaw  Chairman and a PDMR for the purposes of MAR  acquired 1 152 additional Ordinary Shares in the Company. Following the settlement of this transaction  Ms Kershaw will have an interest in 9 605 Ordinary Shares  representing 0.03% of the issued shares of the Company;Stephen Le Page  Director and a PDMR for the purposes of MAR  acquired 979 additional Ordinary Shares in the Company. Following the settlement of this transaction  Mr Le Page will have an interest in 47 970 Ordinary Shares  representing 0.13% of the issued shares of the Company;Graham Harrison  Director and a PDMR for the purposes of MAR  acquired 806 additional Ordinary Shares in the Company. Following the settlement of this transaction  Mr Harrison will have an interest in 29 994 Ordinary Shares  representing 0.08% of the issued shares of the Company;Yedau Ogoundele  Director and a PDMR for the purposes of MAR acquired 806 additional Ordinary Shares in the Company. Following the settlement of this transaction  Mrs Ogoundele will have an interest in 4 598 Ordinary Shares  representing 0.01% of the issued shares of the Company; andJoanne Peacegood  Director and a PDMR for the purposes of MAR acquired 806 additional Ordinary Shares in the Company. Following the settlement of this transaction  Mrs Peacegood will have an interest in 1 085 Ordinary Shares  representing 0.01% of the issued shares of the Company;The notifications below  made in accordance with the requirements of MAR  provide further detail in relation to the above transactions:Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Dagmar KershawCHAIRMAN & DIRECTOR b) Stephen Le PageDIRECTOR c) Graham Harrison DIRECTOR d) Yedau OgoundeleDIRECTOR e) Joanne PeacegoodDIRECTOR Reason for the notification a. Position/status Director b. Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Volta Finance Limited b. LEI 2138004N6QDNAZ2V3W80 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of financial instrument  type of instrument Ordinary Sharesb. Identification code GG00B1GHHH78 c. Nature of the transactionPurchase and allocation of Ordinary Shares relation to the part-payment of Directors' fees for the quarter ended 31 July 2023 d. Price(s) €5.09 per share e. Volume(s) Total: 4 549 f. Date of transaction 1 November 2023 g. Place of transaction On-market – London Aggregate Purchase Information a)Dagmar KershawChairman and Director b)Steve Le PageDirector c)Graham Harrison Director d)Yedau Ogoundele Director e)Joanne PeacegoodDirector Aggr. Volume:1 152Price:€5.09 per share Aggr. Volume:979Price:€5.09 per share Aggr. Volume:806Price:€5.09 per shareAggr. Volume:806Price:€5.09 per share Aggr. Volume:806Price:€5.09 per shareCONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 600 professionals and €824 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2022.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.19,0.32,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Director/PDMR Shareholding', 'November', '12:11', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'emission allowance market participant', 'London Aggregate Purchase Information', 'Name Volta Finance Limited', 'Steve Le Page Director', 'Stephen Le Page', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Joanne Peacegood Director Aggr', 'Mr Le Page', 'home member state', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'EU Transparency Directive', '1,152 additional Ordinary Shares', '979 additional Ordinary Shares', '806 additional Ordinary Shares', 'Graham Harrison Director', 'Yedau Ogoundele Director', 'share Aggr. Volume', 'Mr Harrison', 'Investment objectives', 'Mrs Peacegood', 'listed securities', '4,549 ordinary shares', '9,605 Ordinary Shares', '47,970 Ordinary Shares', '29,994 Ordinary Shares', '4,598 Ordinary Shares', '1,085 Ordinary Shares', 'Market Abuse', 'Mrs Ogoundele', 'Main Market', 'transaction(s', 'managerial responsibilities', 'UNITED STATES', 'par value', 'Dagmar Kershaw', 'Ms Kershaw', 'auction platform', 'auction monitor', 'Identification code', 'Corporate Broker', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'financial markets', 'credit cycle', 'stable stream', 'DIRECTOR Reason', 'Position/status Director', 'one year', 'Initial notification', 'Serge Demay', 'Guernsey Branch', 'Guernsey) Law', 'respective date', 'financial instrument', 'directors fees', ""Directors' fees"", 'average price', 'Company Secretary', 'VTA/VTAS', 'transactions', 'persons', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'THE', '1 November', 'announcements', '5 April', '26 June', 'changes', 'payment', 'period', 'less', 'issue', 'purposes', 'Regulation', 'PDMR', 'Chairman', 'settlement', 'interest', 'notifications', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'detail', 'relation', 'Amendment', 'auctioneer', 'LEI', 'section', 'type', 'place', 'Description', 'Nature', 'allocation', 'quarter', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'Companies', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', 'Shareholders', 'dividends', '44']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32171,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UCB-5963/news/UCB-presents-latest-data-from-generalized-myasthenia-gravis-portfolio-at-2023-AANEM-Annual-Meeting-45205893/,UCB : presents latest data from generalized myasthenia gravis portfolio at 2023 AANEM Annual Meeting and MGFA Scientific Session -November 01  2023 at 02:03 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)  UCB presents latest data from generalized myasthenia gravis portfolio at 2023 AANEM Annual Meeting and MGFA Scientific Session     14 presentations - including 3 oral sessions - have been selected by AANEM and MGFA for inclusion wi…,"Brussels (Belgium)  1st November 2023: 07:00 (CET) UCB (Euronext Brussels: UCB)  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced that it will be presenting results from across its portfolio in generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) at the American Association of Neuromuscular & Electrodiagnostic Medicine (AANEM) annual meeting and the Myasthenia Gravis Association of America Scientific Session  taking place November 1-4  2023.Additional results from the MycarinG and RAISE studies 1 2 and their open-label extension studies  will be presented  investigating UCB's rozanolixizumab-noli  a subcutaneously (SC)-injected monoclonal antibody targeting the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)3 4 and zilucoplan  a self-administered  subcutaneously injected peptide inhibitor of complement component 5 (C5 inhibitor) in adults with gMG.5 These two Phase 3 trials supported U.S.  EU  and Japanese regulatory filings of both rozanolixizumab-noli and zilucoplan.Zilucoplan was recently approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) 6 following FDA approval of rozanolixizumab-noli for treatment of gMG in adult patients who are anti-AChR antibody-positive or anti-muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibody-positive earlier this year.7 Zilucoplan and rozanolixizumab were also recently approved in Japan by the Japanese Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare (MHLW)8. Both medicines are also under review by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of adults with gMG  with zilucoplan having recently received a positive CHMP opinion.These data further inform UCB's innovative approach to evolving science into meaningful solutions that help improve outcomes and help address unmet needs of people living with gMG.""Additional results being presented at AANEM 2023 and the MGFA Scientific Sessions from the MycarinG and RAISE studies and their open-label extensions demonstrate UCB's commitment to finding treatment options that provide sustained efficacy for patients with gMG  and reinforce the depth and strength of our expanding rare disease pipeline and portfolio "" said Donatello Crocetta  Head of Global Rare Disease & Rare Medical  UCB. ""Following on from our recent approvals for rozanolixizumab and zilucoplan in the U.S. and Japan for the treatment of adult patients with gMG  we're very excited to be contributing new treatment options to people living with this rare neuromuscular disease.""As part of ongoing work to reveal better understanding of the patient and societal burden of gMG  UCB will also present posters on real-world data providing insights into the impact of social determinants of health on treatment of people with MG and the increase in risk of gMG exacerbation and healthcare resource utilization (HCRU) associated with higher MG-ADL scores.Further demonstrating their commitment to finding solutions for unmet needs within the gMG community  UCB will also present study designs for Phase 2/3 studies to assess zilucoplan and rozanolixizumab-noli in pediatric patients with gMG. In total  fourteen abstracts will be presented  including three as oral presentations.""For people living with gMG  the burden of disease is great and it's important for us as a company to build the body of evidence around the complexities of this disease "" said Kim Moran  Head of U.S. Rare Disease  UCB. ""We're committed to creating patient value by pursuing a portfolio of differentiated solutions that are aligned to the needs and objectives of the generalized myasthenia gravis community.""UCB data included within MGFA Scientific Session:UCB Data included in AANEM Scientific Program:In addition to contributing to the AANEM and MGFA scientific programme  UCB will be hosting a sponsored therapeutic update session entitled ""New Horizons: Navigating a New Treatment Landscape for gMG"" onsite at the congress venue on November 1 at 12:00 PM MT.About generalized Myasthenia Gravis (gMG)gMG is a rare autoimmune disease with a global prevalence of 100-350 cases per every 1 million people.9 People living with gMG can experience a variety of symptoms  including severe muscular weakness that can result in double vision  drooping eyelids  difficulty with swallowing  chewing and talking  as well as life-threatening weakness of the muscles of respiration.10 11In MG  pathogenic autoantibodies can impair synaptic transmission at the neuromuscular junction (NMJ) by targeting specific proteins on the post-synaptic membrane.12 This disrupts the ability of the nerves to stimulate the muscle and results in a weaker contraction. gMG can occur in any race  gender or age.10 11About zilucoplanZilucoplan is a once-daily SC  self-administered peptide inhibitor of complement component 5 (C5 inhibitor). As the only once-daily generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) target therapy for self-administration by adult patients with anti acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody-positive gMG  zilucoplan inhibits complement-mediated damage to the neuromuscular junction through its targeted mechanism of action.13In October 2023  zilucoplan was approved by the U.S. (Food and Drug Administration) FDA for the treatment of gMG in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive.6In September 2023  the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) issued a positive opinion recommending granting marketing authorization for zilucoplan in the European Union (EU) as an add-on to standard therapy for the treatment of gMG in adult patients who are anti-AChR antibody-positive.14 A final decision on approval in the EU is expected before the end of the year  in line with the EMA's standard review timeline.Also in September 2023  the Japanese Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare (MHLW) approved zilucoplan for the treatment of gMG in adult patients (only for patients who inadequately respond to steroids or other immunosuppressants).8Zilucoplan is currently under review by the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) and Health Canada for the treatment of adults with gMG. Responses from regulatory agencies to these submissions are expected during H2 2023 and H1 2024.Orphan designation was granted by the FDA in 2019 to zilucoplan for the treatment of myasthenia gravis.15About rozanolixizumab-noliIn addition to zilucoplan  UCB's gMG portfolio includes the FDA-approved medicine RYSTIGGO® (rozanolixizumab-noli)  a subcutaneously infused monoclonal antibody targeting the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn).1 3In June 2023  rozanolixizumab-noli was approved by the FDA  for the treatment of gMG in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) or anti-muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibody-positive  having been granted Priority Review for its Biologic License Application (BLA).7In September 2023  rozanolixizumab was granted approval by the Japanese Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare (MHLW) for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adult patients (only for patients who inadequately respond to steroids or other immunosuppressants).8Rozanolixizumab is currently under review by the European Medicines Agency (EMA)  the Center of Drug Evaluation of the China National Medical Products Administration  the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA)  Health Canada and Switzerland (Swissmedic) for the treatment of adults with gMG. Responses from regulatory agencies to these submissions are expected during H2 2023 and H1 2024.Important Safety Information for ZILBRYSQ®IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION INCLUDING BOXED WARNINGWhat is the most important information I should know about ZILBRYSQ?ZILBRYSQ is a medicine that affects part of your immune system. ZILBRYSQ may lower the ability of your immune system to fight certain infections.ZILBRYSQ increases your chance of getting serious and life-threatening meningococcal infections. Meningococcal infections may become life-threatening or fatal if not recognized and treated early. You must complete or update two types of meningococcal vaccines (for both serogroup B infections and serogroup A  C  W  and Y infections) at least 2 weeks before your first dose of ZILBRYSQ if you have not already had these vaccines. If your healthcare provider decided that urgent treatment with ZILBRYSQ is needed  you should receive meningococcal vaccination(s) as soon as possible. If you have not completed or updated vaccinations for meningococcal infections at least 2 weeks before your first ZILBRYSQ dose and ZILBRYSQ therapy must be started right away  you must also receive antibiotics.o If you had a meningococcal vaccine in the past  you might need additional vaccination before starting ZILBRYSQ. Your healthcare provider will decide if you need additional meningococcal vaccination.o Meningococcal vaccines do not prevent all meningococcal infections. Call your healthcare provider or get emergency medical care right away if you get any of these signs and symptoms of a meningococcal infection:headache with nausea or vomitingheadache and feverheadache with a stiff neck or stiff backfeverfever and a rashconfusionmuscle aches with flu-like symptomseyes sensitive to lightYour healthcare provider will give you a Patient Safety Card about the risk of meningococcal infection. Carry it with you at all times during treatment and for 2 months after your last ZILBRYSQ dose. Your risk of meningococcal infection may continue for several weeks after your last dose of ZILBRYSQ. It is important to show this card to any healthcare provider who treats you. This will help them diagnose and treat you quickly.ZILBRYSQ is only available through a program called the ZILBRYSQ REMS. Before you can receive ZILBRYSQ  your healthcare provider must:enroll in the ZILBRYSQ REMS.counsel you about the risk of meningococcal infection.give you the Patient Guide  including information about the signs and symptoms of meningococcal infection.give you a Patient Safety Card about your risk of meningococcal infection  as discussed above.make sure that you are vaccinated with two types of meningococcal vaccines and  if needed  get revaccinated with the meningococcal vaccines. Ask your healthcare provider if you are not sure if you need to be revaccinated.ZILBRYSQ may also increase the risk of other types of serious infections.ZILBRYSQ may increase your chance of getting Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae type b. Your healthcare provider will tell you if you should receive the Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae type b vaccinations.Certain people may have an increased risk of gonorrhea infection. Talk to your healthcare provider about whether you are at risk for gonorrhea infection  about gonorrhea prevention  and about regular testing.Call your healthcare provider right away if you have new signs or symptoms of infection.Who should not use ZILBRYSQ?Do not use ZILBRYSQ if you have a Neisseria meningitidis infection.Before you use ZILBRYSQ  tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:have an infection or fever.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known if ZILBRYSQ will harm your unborn baby.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known if ZILBRYSQ passes into your breast milk. Talk to your healthcare provider about the best way to feed your baby if you use ZILBRYSQ.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.What are the possible side effects of ZILBRYSQ?ZILBRYSQ may cause serious side effects  including:See "" What is the most important information I should know about ZILBRYSQ ?""Inflammation of the pancreas (pancreatitis) and other pancreatic problems . Pancreatitis and pancreatic cysts have happened in people who use ZILBRYSQ. Your healthcare provider will do blood tests to check your pancreas before you start treatment with ZILBRYSQ. Call your healthcare provider right away if you have pain in your stomach area (abdomen) that will not go away. Your healthcare provider will tell you if you should stop using ZILBRYSQ. The pain may be severe or felt going from your abdomen to your back. The pain may happen with or without vomiting. These may be symptoms of pancreatitis.The most common side effects of ZILBRYSQ include:injection site reactions.upper respiratory tract infections.diarrhea.Tell your healthcare provider about any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of ZILBRYSQ. For more information  ask your healthcare provider or pharmacist. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to FDA at www.fda.gov/medwatch or 1-800-FDA-1088. You may also report side effects to UCB  Inc. by calling 1-844-599-CARE [2273].See the detailed Instructions for Use that comes with ZILBRYSQ for information on how to prepare and inject a dose of ZILBRYSQ  and how to properly throw away (dispose of) used ZILBRYSQ prefilled syringes.INDICATIONWhat is ZILBRYSQ?ZILBRYSQ is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with a disease called generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive.It is not known if ZILBRYSQ is safe and effective in children.Please see the full Prescribing Information and Medication Guide for ZILBRYSQ  including the Boxed Warning regarding Serious Meningococcal Infections. Please see the Instructions for Use for the ZILBRYSQ Single-Dose Prefilled Syringe. Talk to your healthcare provider about your condition or your treatment. For more information  go to www.ZILBRYSQ.com or call 1-844-599-2273.Important Safety Information for RYSTIGGO®IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION AND INDICATIONWHAT IS RYSTIGGO?RYSTIGGO is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with a disease called generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR) antibody positive or muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (anti-MuSK) antibody positive.WHAT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT INFORMATION I SHOULD KNOW ABOUT RYSTIGGO (rozanolixizumab-noli)?RYSTIGGO may cause serious side effects  including:Infection : RYSTIGGO may increase the risk of infection. In clinical studies  the most common infections were upper respiratory tract infections  COVID-19  urinary tract infections  and herpes simplex infections. Your healthcare provider should check you for infections before starting and during treatment with RYSTIGGO. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with RYSTIGGO. Some of the signs and symptoms may include fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  runny nose  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain.Aseptic Meningitis : RYSTIGGO could cause aseptic meningitis. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you develop any signs or symptoms of meningitis during treatment with RYSTIGGO such as severe headache  neck stiffness  drowsiness  fever  sensitivity to light  painful eye movements  nausea  and vomiting.Hypersensitivity Reactions: RYSTIGGO can cause swelling and rash. Your healthcare provider should monitor you during and after treatment and discontinue RYSTIGGO if needed. Tell your healthcare provider immediately about any undesirable reactions you experience after administration.Before taking RYSTIGGO  tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:Have a history of infection or think you have an active infectionHave received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine (immunization). The use of vaccines during RYSTIGGO treatment has not been studied  and the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines is unknown. Administration of live or live-attenuated vaccines is not recommended during treatment with RYSTIGGO. Completion of age-appropriate vaccines according to vaccination guidelines before starting a new treatment cycle with RYSTIGGO is recommended.Are pregnant or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.WHAT ARE THE POSSIBLE SIDE EFFECTS OF RYSTIGGO?RYSTIGGO may cause serious side effects  including:See ""What is the most important information I should know about RYSTIGGO?""The most common side effects of RYSTIGGO include:headacheinfectionsdiarrheafeverhypersensitivity reactionsnauseaThese are not all the possible side effects of RYSTIGGO. For more information  ask your healthcare provider or pharmacist. Tell your healthcare provider about any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. Call your healthcare provider for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088. You may also report side effects to UCB  Inc. by calling 1-844-599-CARE [2273].Please see the full Prescribing Information and talk to your healthcare provider about your condition or your treatment.For further information  contact UCB:Global Rare Disease CommunicationsJim BaxterT +32.2.473.78.85.01jim.baxter@ucb.comUCB Rare Disease Communications (Japan)T +81.03.6864.7650Corporate Communications  Media RelationsLaurent SchotsT +32.2.559.92.64Laurent.schots@ucb.comInvestor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.94.14antje.witte@ucb.comAbout UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 600 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of €5.5 billion in 2022. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCB_news.Forward looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: the global spread and impact of COVID-19  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  will progress to product approval or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products  which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to differences disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB's efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release and it does not reflect any potential impact from the evolving COVID-19 pandemic  unless indicated otherwise. UCB is following the worldwide developments diligently to assess the financial significance of this pandemic to UCB. UCB expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.References:",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.46,0.2,0.33,True,English,"['generalized myasthenia gravis portfolio', 'AANEM Annual Meeting', 'MGFA Scientific Session', 'latest data', 'UCB', 'November', '2023', '02:03', 'expanding rare disease pipeline', 'generalized myasthenia gravis community', 'U.S. Rare Disease', 'America Scientific Session', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'anti-muscle-specific tyrosine kinase', 'positive CHMP opinion', 'MGFA Scientific Sessions', 'healthcare resource utilization', 'higher MG-ADL scores', 'MGFA scientific programme', 'therapeutic update session', 'anti acetylcholine receptor', 'rare autoimmune disease', 'Global Rare Disease', 'Japanese regulatory filings', 'U.S. Food', 'Phase 2/3 studies', 'severe muscular weakness', 'Myasthenia Gravis Association', 'open-label extension studies', 'European Medicines Agency', 'rare neuromuscular disease', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'AANEM Scientific Program', 'New Treatment Landscape', 'gMG) target therapy', 'new treatment options', 'administered peptide inhibitor', 'Rare Medical', 'New Horizons', 'global prevalence', 'American Association', 'RAISE studies', 'Japanese Ministry', 'open-label extensions', 'life-threatening weakness', 'gMG community', 'C5 inhibitor', 'Electrodiagnostic Medicine', 'annual meeting', 'complement component', 'Drug Administration', 'innovative approach', 'sustained efficacy', 'Donatello Crocetta', 'recent approvals', 'ongoing work', 'social determinants', 'study designs', 'fourteen abstracts', 'oral presentations', 'Kim Moran', 'congress venue', '100-350 cases', 'double vision', 'pathogenic autoantibodies', 'synaptic transmission', 'neuromuscular junction', 'specific proteins', 'post-synaptic membrane', 'weaker contraction', 'complement-mediated damage', 'adult patients', 'pediatric patients', 'real-world data', 'meaningful solutions', 'unmet needs', 'differentiated solutions', '1st November', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Additional results', 'monoclonal antibody', 'FDA approval', 'societal burden', 'patient value', 'AChR antibody-positive', 'gMG exacerbation', 'antibody-positive gMG', '1 million people', 'UCB data', 'UCB.', 'Belgium', 'portfolio', 'place', 'MycarinG', 'rozanolixizumab-noli', 'FcRn', 'zilucoplan', 'adults', 'MuSK', 'Labour', 'Welfare', 'MHLW', 'Both', 'review', 'EMA', 'science', 'outcomes', 'commitment', 'depth', 'strength', 'Head', 'part', 'understanding', 'posters', 'insights', 'impact', 'increase', 'risk', 'HCRU', 'total', 'evidence', 'complexities', 'objectives', '12:00 PM', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'eyelids', 'difficulty', 'swallowing', 'muscles', 'respiration', 'NMJ', 'ability', 'nerves', 'race', 'gender', 'self-administration', '07']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32172,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/01/2770768/0/en/argenx-Highlights-Data-Evaluating-VYVGART-in-Neuromuscular-Autoimmune-Disease-at-AANEM-and-MGFA-Scientific-Sessions.html,argenx Highlights Data Evaluating VYVGART in Neuromuscular Autoimmune Disease at AANEM and MGFA Scientific Sessions,Long-term clinical trial and real-world data illustrate VYVGART® drives consistent  repeatable and clinically meaningful responses  including minimal symptom expression (MSE) in generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG),"Long-term clinical trial and real-world data illustrate VYVGART® drives consistent  repeatable and clinically meaningful responses  including minimal symptom expression (MSE) in generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG)Patients treated with VYVGART experienced consistent improvements on key quality of life measures based on long-term gMG extension dataData across multiple indications and dosing schedules confirm favorable safety profile and no increase in treatment-emergent adverse event rates with longer exposureAmsterdam  the Netherlands – Nov. 1  2023 – argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced 20 presentations of clinical trial and real-world data from studies of VYVGART® and VYVGART Hytrulo® (VYVGART) in neuromuscular autoimmune disease. The data presentations will be featured at the American Association of Neuromuscular and Electrodiagnostic Medicine (AANEM) Annual Meeting and the Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America (MGFA) Scientific Session  taking place in Phoenix  AZ from November 1-4  2023.“As leaders in the field of FcRn inhibition  we continue to generate deep and broad data from our clinical trials  including long-term extension and real-world evidence studies ” said Luc Truyen  M.D.  Ph.D.  Chief Medical Officer at argenx. ""With VYVGART for gMG  we continue to show favorable safety and consistent  repeatable clinically meaningful responses  including the ability of patients to achieve MSE  across three years of treatment. The ADHERE study  the largest in the history of CIDP  further demonstrates our commitment to the neuromuscular community. These data characterize the broad impact our first-in-class FcRn blocker can have on the lives of people living with CIDP  and our work to establish its safety and efficacy in the treatment of CIDP represents an exciting step forward for this community.”Highlights from Data Presented at AANEM and MGFAConsistent  Repeatable Responses : Long-term clinical data from ADAPT+ and ADAPT-SC+ and real-world data illustrate the ability of VYVGART to provide consistent  repeatable  and clinically meaningful responses across more than 19 cycles  including improvements in quality-of-life measures  for anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive patients with gMG.: Long-term clinical data from ADAPT+ and ADAPT-SC+ and real-world data illustrate the ability of VYVGART to provide consistent  repeatable  and clinically meaningful responses across more than 19 cycles  including improvements in quality-of-life measures  for anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive patients with gMG. Achievement of Minimal Symptom Expression : Treatment with VYVGART resulted in 40.5% - 44.6% of patients achieving MSE in ADAPT and ADAPT+. Patients achieving MSE reported quality of life measures comparable to healthy populations. Similar results were demonstrated in ADAPT-SC+ with 35.5%-40.7% of patients achieving MSE following treatment with VYVGART Hytrulo.: Treatment with VYVGART resulted in 40.5% - 44.6% of patients achieving MSE in ADAPT and ADAPT+. Patients achieving MSE reported quality of life measures comparable to healthy populations. Similar results were demonstrated in ADAPT-SC+ with 35.5%-40.7% of patients achieving MSE following treatment with VYVGART Hytrulo. ADHERE Results : Positive topline results from the ADHERE study of VYVGART Hytrulo in chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) were first reported in July 2023 and are being presented again during the conference. The full dataset from ADHERE will be presented at a medical meeting in 2024.: Positive topline results from the ADHERE study of VYVGART Hytrulo in chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) were first reported in July 2023 and are being presented again during the conference. The full dataset from ADHERE will be presented at a medical meeting in 2024. Vaccine Response: Study participants were able to mount effective humoral immune responses to polyvalent pneumococcal vaccine regardless of whether administered during or after VYVGART administration.Study participants were able to mount effective humoral immune responses to polyvalent pneumococcal vaccine regardless of whether administered during or after VYVGART administration. Seronegative Population: Long-term treatment with VYVGART Hytrulo was associated with consistent and repeatable improvements on MG-ADL and MG-QoL15r scales in seronegative (anti-AChR antibody negative) gMG patients.Long-term treatment with VYVGART Hytrulo was associated with consistent and repeatable improvements on MG-ADL and MG-QoL15r scales in seronegative (anti-AChR antibody negative) gMG patients. Favorable Safety Profile: VYVGART shows consistency of safety across multiple indications with TEAE rates that were comparable to placebo  mostly mild to moderate in severity and did not increase with longer exposure.Additional data are being presented from case studies of gMG patients with LRP4 antibodies  a meta-analysis of quality-of-life outcomes of VYVGART and other gMG treatments  and argenx-sponsored health economic outcomes research studies demonstrating gMG patients facing social-determinants of health challenges experience health inequities related to increased utilization of acute care facilities  and delayed diagnosis and access to treatment.AANEM Poster Presentations (November 1-4  2023)# Title Lead Author Presentation 143 Efficacy  Safety  And Tolerability Of Efgartigimod In Patients With Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy: Results From The Adhere TrialRichard Lewis  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IINov. 39:30 AM - 10:00 AM MST151 Long-Term Safety  Tolerability  and Efficacy of Subcutaneous Efgartigimod PH20 in Participants With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Interim Analysis of Anti-Acetylcholine Receptor Autoantibody Seronegative Participants in the ADAPT-SC+ Study James F. Howard Jr.  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MST 270 Dose Selection and Clinical Development Of Efgartigimod PH20 Subcutaneous In Patients With Generalized Myasthenia GravisTuan Vu  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IINov. 39:30 AM - 10:00 AM MST 222 Long-Term Safety  Tolerability  and Efficacy of Subcutaneous Efgartigimod PH20 in Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Interim Results of the ADAPT-SC+ StudyYuebing Li  MD  PhD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MST 152 Long-Term Safety  Tolerability  and Efficacy of Efgartigimod in Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Concluding Analyses From the ADAPT+ StudyJames F. Howard Jr.  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MST 240 A Case of Treatment With Efgartigimod in a Patient With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis and LRP4 AntibodiesEduardo De Sousa  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IINov. 39:30 AM - 10:00 AM MST 220 Overview Of The Safety Profile From Efgartigimod Clinical Trials In Participants With DiverseImmunoglobulin G-Mediated Autoimmune DiseasesKelly Gwathmey  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MST 139 Treatment-Related Inequities in Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Facing Social Determinants of Health Challenges: A Survey of Neurologists in the United States ​A. Gordon Smith  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MST 138 Diagnosis Inequities In Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Facing Social Determinants Of Health Challenges: A Survey Of Neurologists In The United StatesA. Gordon Smith  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MSTMGFA Oral and Poster Presentations (November 1  2023)Title Lead Author Presentation Achievement of Minimal Symptom Expression in Acetylcholine-Receptor Antibody-Positive Participants with Generalized Myasthenia Gravis and Effect on Disease-Specific Measures in ADAPT/ADAPT+ StudiesJames F. Howard  MD Oral Presentation10:07 AM - 10:14 AM MSTSubcutaneous Efgartigimod PH20 Treatment in Participants With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis in ADAPT-SC+: Interim Analyses on Quality of Life  Efficacy  Tolerability  and Long-Term SafetyTuan Vu  MD Oral Presentation10:42 AM – 10:49 AM MST Racial Disparities in Acute Care Utilization Outcomes Among Those with Myasthenia GravisPushpa Narayanaswami  MD Oral Presentation9:07 AM - 9:14 AM MSTHumoral Immune Response to Polyvalent Pneumococcal Vaccine in Healthy Participants Receiving EfgartigimodAntoine Azar  MD Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Network Meta Analysis of Treatment Options in Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Impact on Health-Related Quality of LifeGil Wolfe  MD Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Overview of the Safety Profile From Efgartigimod Clinical Trials in Participants with Diverse IgG-mediated Autoimmune DiseasesKelly Gwathmey  MD Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Treatment-Related Inequities in Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Facing Social Determinants of Health Challenges: A Survey of Neurologists in the United States ​A. Gordon Smith  MD Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Diagnostic Inequities in Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Facing Social Determinants of Health Challenges: A Survey of Neurologists in the United StatesA. Gordon Smith  MD Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Real-World Burden Associated With Social Determinants of Health Challenges For Individuals Living with Generalized Myasthenia Gravis in the United StatesTom Hughes Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Real-World Outcomes of Patients living with Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Initiating Efgartigimod treatment in the United StatesCynthia Qi Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MSTAssociation between patient support program participation and access to efgartigimod treatment for generalized myasthenia gravisGlenn Phillips Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MSTMore information on the programs are available at AANEM and MGFA .See Important Safety Information below and full Prescribing Information for VYVGART Hytrulo for additional informationImportant Safety InformationWhat is VYVGART® Hytrulo (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc)?VYVGART Hytrulo is a prescription medicine used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONInfectionVYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO may increase the risk of infection. The most common infections observed in Study 1 were urinary tract infection (10% of efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients vs 5% of placebo-treated patients) and respiratory tract infection (33% of efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients vs 29% of placebo-treated patients). Patients on efgartigimod alfa-fcab vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts (12% vs 5%  respectively)  lymphocyte counts (28% vs 19%  respectively)  and neutrophil counts (13% vs 6%  respectively). The majority of infections and hematologic abnormalities were mild to moderate in severity. Delay the administration of VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO in patients with an active infection until the infection has resolved; monitor for clinical signs and symptoms of infections. If serious infection occurs  administer appropriate treatment and consider withholding treatment with VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO until the infection has resolved.ImmunizationImmunization with vaccines during treatment with VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO has not been studied; the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines and the response to immunization with any vaccine are unknown. Because VYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO cause a reduction in immunoglobulin G (IgG) levels  vaccination with live-attenuated or live vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO. Evaluate the need to administer age-appropriate vaccines according to immunization guidelines before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART orVYVGART HYTRULO.Hypersensitivity ReactionsHypersensitivity reactions  including rash  angioedema  and dyspnea were observed in patients treated with VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO. Urticaria was also observed in patients treated with VYVGART HYTRULO. In clinical trials  hypersensitivity reactions were mild or moderate  occurred within 1 hour to 3 weeks of administration  and did not lead to treatment discontinuation. Monitor patients during and for one hour after VYVGART administration  or for at least 30 minutes after VYVGART HYTRULO administration  for clinical signs and symptoms of hypersensitivity reactions. If a hypersensitivity reaction occurs during VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO administration  discontinue use and institute appropriate supportive measures if needed.ADVERSE REACTIONSIn Study 1  the most common (≥10%) adverse reactions in efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients were respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection. In Study 2  the most common (≥10%) adverse reactions in VYVGART HYTRULO-treated patients were injection site reactions and headache. Injection site reactions occurred in 38% of VYVGART HYTRULO-treated patients  including injection site rash  erythema  pruritus  bruising  pain  and urticaria. In Study 2 and its open-label extension  all injection site reactions were mild to moderate in severity and did not lead to treatment discontinuation. The majority occurred within 24 hours after administration and resolved spontaneously. Most injection site reactions occurred during the first treatment cycle  and the incidence decreased with each subsequent cycle.USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONSPregnancyAs VYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO are expected to reduce maternal IgG antibody levels  reduction in passive protection to the newborn is anticipated. Risks and benefits should be considered prior to administering live or live attenuated vaccines to infants exposed to VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO in utero.LactationThere is no information regarding the presence of efgartigimod alfa-fcab from administration of VYVGART  or efgartigimod alfa or hyaluronidase from administration of VYVGART HYTRULO  in human milk  the effects on the breastfed infant  or the effects on milk production. The developmental and health benefits of breastfeeding should be considered along with the mother’s clinical need for VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO  and any potential adverse effects on the breastfed infant from VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO or from the underlying maternal condition.INDICATIONVYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) for intravenous infusion and VYVGART® HYTRULO (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc) for subcutaneous injection are each indicated for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART and the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART HYTRULO.About Generalized Myasthenia GravisGeneralized myasthenia gravis (gMG) is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where IgG autoantibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. Approximately 85% of people with MG progress to gMG within 24 months 1 where muscles throughout the body may be affected. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for approximately 85% of the total gMG population.1About Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy (CIDP)Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a rare and serious autoimmune disease of the peripheral nervous system. Although confirmation of disease pathophysiology is still emerging  there is increasing evidence that IgG antibodies play a key role in the damage to the peripheral nerves. People with CIDP experience fatigue  muscle weakness and a loss of feeling in their arms and legs that can get worse over time or may come and go. These symptoms can significantly impair a person's ability to function in their daily lives. Without treatment  one-third of people living with CIDP will need a wheelchair.About VYVGARTVYVGART is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  resulting in the reduction of circulating IgG autoantibodies. It is the first approved FcRn blocker in the United States  EU and China for the treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti- acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive and in Japan for the treatment of adults with gMG who do not have sufficient response to steroids or non-steroidal immunosuppressive therapies (ISTs).About VYVGART® HytruloVYVGART Hytrulo is a subcutaneous combination of efgartigimod alfa  a human IgG1 antibody fragment marketed for intravenous use as VYVGART®  and recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme’s ENHANZE® drug delivery technology to facilitate subcutaneous injection delivery of biologics. In binding to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  VYVGART Hytrulo results in the reduction of circulating IgG. It is the first-and-only approved FcRn blocker administered by subcutaneous injection.VYVGART Hytrulo is the proprietary name in the U.S. for subcutaneous efgartigimod alfa and recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20. It may be marketed under different proprietary names following approval in other regions.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  Canada and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.References1 Behin et al. New Pathways and Therapeutics Targets in Autoimmune Myasthenia Gravis. J Neuromusc Dis 5. 2018. 265-277.For further information  please contact:Media:Ben Petokbpetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)ARoy@argenx.comForward Looking StatementThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the expected consistency  safety  tolerability  efficacy and quality-of-life benefits of VYVGART for patients with gMG and CIDP; VYVGART’s potential to achieve MSE for patients; and argenx’s planned future presentations of additional study data. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['Neuromuscular Autoimmune Disease', 'MGFA Scientific Sessions', 'argenx Highlights', 'Data', 'VYVGART', 'AANEM', 'anti-AChR antibody negative) gMG patients', 'chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy', 'consistent, repeatable clinically meaningful responses', 'effective humoral immune responses', 'treatment-emergent adverse event rates', 'AChR) antibody positive patients', 'long-term gMG extension data', 'minimal symptom expression', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'global immunology company', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Myasthenia Gravis Foundation', 'Positive topline results', 'Consistent, Repeatable Responses', 'polyvalent pneumococcal vaccine', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'neuromuscular autoimmune disease', 'MGFA) Scientific Session', 'Long-term clinical trial', 'favorable safety profile', 'Long-term clinical data', 'AANEM) Annual Meeting', 'real-world evidence studies', 'The ADHERE study', 'long-term extension', 'TEAE rates', 'medical meeting', 'Vaccine Response', 'clinical trials', 'Similar results', 'repeatable improvements', 'real-world data', 'ADHERE Results', 'Study participants', 'broad data', 'Additional data', 'life measures', 'multiple indications', 'dosing schedules', 'longer exposure', 'American Association', 'Electrodiagnostic Medicine', 'FcRn inhibition', 'Luc Truyen', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'three years', 'broad impact', 'FcRn blocker', 'exciting step', 'anti-acetylcholine receptor', 'healthy populations', 'full dataset', 'MG-QoL15r scales', 'case studies', 'LRP4 antibodies', 'Long-term treatment', 'consistent improvements', 'data presentations', 'argenx SE', 'neuromuscular community', 'VYVGART Hytrulo', 'VYVGART administration', 'Seronegative Population', 'key quality', '20 presentations', 'VYVGART®', 'MSE', 'increase', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Nov.', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'place', 'Phoenix', 'AZ', 'November', 'leaders', 'field', 'deep', 'ability', 'history', 'CIDP', 'commitment', 'class', 'work', 'efficacy', 'Highlights', 'ADAPT+', 'ADAPT-SC+', '19 cycles', 'Achievement', 'July', 'conference', 'MG-ADL', 'consistency', 'severity', 'meta', '2024']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,globenewswire.com
32173,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGENX-SE-16911676/news/Argenx-Highlights-Data-Evaluating-VYVGART-in-Neuromuscular-Autoimmune-Disease-at-AANEM-and-MGFA-Scie-45205879/,Argenx Highlights Data Evaluating VYVGART in Neuromuscular Autoimmune Disease at AANEM and MGFA Scientific Sessions,(marketscreener.com) Long-term clinical trial and real-world data illustrate VYVGART® drives consistent  repeatable and clinically meaningful responses  including minimal symptom expression in generalized myasthenia gravis Patients treated with VYVGART experi…,"Long-term clinical trial and real-world data illustrate VYVGART® drives consistent  repeatable and clinically meaningful responses  including minimal symptom expression (MSE) in generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG)Patients treated with VYVGART experienced consistent improvements on key quality of life measures based on long-term gMG extension dataData across multiple indications and dosing schedules confirm favorable safety profile and no increase in treatment-emergent adverse event rates with longer exposureAmsterdam  the Netherlands – Nov. 1  2023 – argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced 20 presentations of clinical trial and real-world data from studies of VYVGART® and VYVGART Hytrulo® (VYVGART) in neuromuscular autoimmune disease. The data presentations will be featured at the American Association of Neuromuscular and Electrodiagnostic Medicine (AANEM) Annual Meeting and the Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America (MGFA) Scientific Session  taking place in Phoenix  AZ from November 1-4  2023.“As leaders in the field of FcRn inhibition  we continue to generate deep and broad data from our clinical trials  including long-term extension and real-world evidence studies ” said Luc Truyen  M.D.  Ph.D.  Chief Medical Officer at argenx. ""With VYVGART for gMG  we continue to show favorable safety and consistent  repeatable clinically meaningful responses  including the ability of patients to achieve MSE  across three years of treatment. The ADHERE study  the largest in the history of CIDP  further demonstrates our commitment to the neuromuscular community. These data characterize the broad impact our first-in-class FcRn blocker can have on the lives of people living with CIDP  and our work to establish its safety and efficacy in the treatment of CIDP represents an exciting step forward for this community.”Highlights from Data Presented at AANEM and MGFAConsistent  Repeatable Responses : Long-term clinical data from ADAPT+ and ADAPT-SC+ and real-world data illustrate the ability of VYVGART to provide consistent  repeatable  and clinically meaningful responses across more than 19 cycles  including improvements in quality-of-life measures  for anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive patients with gMG.: Long-term clinical data from ADAPT+ and ADAPT-SC+ and real-world data illustrate the ability of VYVGART to provide consistent  repeatable  and clinically meaningful responses across more than 19 cycles  including improvements in quality-of-life measures  for anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive patients with gMG. Achievement of Minimal Symptom Expression : Treatment with VYVGART resulted in 40.5% - 44.6% of patients achieving MSE in ADAPT and ADAPT+. Patients achieving MSE reported quality of life measures comparable to healthy populations. Similar results were demonstrated in ADAPT-SC+ with 35.5%-40.7% of patients achieving MSE following treatment with VYVGART Hytrulo.: Treatment with VYVGART resulted in 40.5% - 44.6% of patients achieving MSE in ADAPT and ADAPT+. Patients achieving MSE reported quality of life measures comparable to healthy populations. Similar results were demonstrated in ADAPT-SC+ with 35.5%-40.7% of patients achieving MSE following treatment with VYVGART Hytrulo. ADHERE Results : Positive topline results from the ADHERE study of VYVGART Hytrulo in chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) were first reported in July 2023 and are being presented again during the conference. The full dataset from ADHERE will be presented at a medical meeting in 2024.: Positive topline results from the ADHERE study of VYVGART Hytrulo in chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) were first reported in July 2023 and are being presented again during the conference. The full dataset from ADHERE will be presented at a medical meeting in 2024. Vaccine Response: Study participants were able to mount effective humoral immune responses to polyvalent pneumococcal vaccine regardless of whether administered during or after VYVGART administration.Study participants were able to mount effective humoral immune responses to polyvalent pneumococcal vaccine regardless of whether administered during or after VYVGART administration. Seronegative Population: Long-term treatment with VYVGART Hytrulo was associated with consistent and repeatable improvements on MG-ADL and MG-QoL15r scales in seronegative (anti-AChR antibody negative) gMG patients.Long-term treatment with VYVGART Hytrulo was associated with consistent and repeatable improvements on MG-ADL and MG-QoL15r scales in seronegative (anti-AChR antibody negative) gMG patients. Favorable Safety Profile: VYVGART shows consistency of safety across multiple indications with TEAE rates that were comparable to placebo  mostly mild to moderate in severity and did not increase with longer exposure.Additional data are being presented from case studies of gMG patients with LRP4 antibodies  a meta-analysis of quality-of-life outcomes of VYVGART and other gMG treatments  and argenx-sponsored health economic outcomes research studies demonstrating gMG patients facing social-determinants of health challenges experience health inequities related to increased utilization of acute care facilities  and delayed diagnosis and access to treatment.AANEM Poster Presentations (November 1-4  2023)# Title Lead Author Presentation 143 Efficacy  Safety  And Tolerability Of Efgartigimod In Patients With Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy: Results From The Adhere TrialRichard Lewis  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IINov. 39:30 AM - 10:00 AM MST151 Long-Term Safety  Tolerability  and Efficacy of Subcutaneous Efgartigimod PH20 in Participants With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Interim Analysis of Anti-Acetylcholine Receptor Autoantibody Seronegative Participants in the ADAPT-SC+ Study James F. Howard Jr.  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MST 270 Dose Selection and Clinical Development Of Efgartigimod PH20 Subcutaneous In Patients With Generalized Myasthenia GravisTuan Vu  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IINov. 39:30 AM - 10:00 AM MST 222 Long-Term Safety  Tolerability  and Efficacy of Subcutaneous Efgartigimod PH20 in Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Interim Results of the ADAPT-SC+ StudyYuebing Li  MD  PhD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MST 152 Long-Term Safety  Tolerability  and Efficacy of Efgartigimod in Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Concluding Analyses From the ADAPT+ StudyJames F. Howard Jr.  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MST 240 A Case of Treatment With Efgartigimod in a Patient With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis and LRP4 AntibodiesEduardo De Sousa  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IINov. 39:30 AM - 10:00 AM MST 220 Overview Of The Safety Profile From Efgartigimod Clinical Trials In Participants With DiverseImmunoglobulin G-Mediated Autoimmune DiseasesKelly Gwathmey  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MST 139 Treatment-Related Inequities in Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Facing Social Determinants of Health Challenges: A Survey of Neurologists in the United States ​A. Gordon Smith  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MST 138 Diagnosis Inequities In Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Facing Social Determinants Of Health Challenges: A Survey Of Neurologists In The United StatesA. Gordon Smith  MD Poster Session INov. 26:00 PM - 6:30 PM MSTPoster Session IIINov. 33:00 PM - 3:30 PM MSTMGFA Oral and Poster Presentations (November 1  2023)Title Lead Author Presentation Achievement of Minimal Symptom Expression in Acetylcholine-Receptor Antibody-Positive Participants with Generalized Myasthenia Gravis and Effect on Disease-Specific Measures in ADAPT/ADAPT+ StudiesJames F. Howard  MD Oral Presentation10:07 AM - 10:14 AM MSTSubcutaneous Efgartigimod PH20 Treatment in Participants With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis in ADAPT-SC+: Interim Analyses on Quality of Life  Efficacy  Tolerability  and Long-Term SafetyTuan Vu  MD Oral Presentation10:42 AM – 10:49 AM MST Racial Disparities in Acute Care Utilization Outcomes Among Those with Myasthenia GravisPushpa Narayanaswami  MD Oral Presentation9:07 AM - 9:14 AM MSTHumoral Immune Response to Polyvalent Pneumococcal Vaccine in Healthy Participants Receiving EfgartigimodAntoine Azar  MD Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Network Meta Analysis of Treatment Options in Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Impact on Health-Related Quality of LifeGil Wolfe  MD Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Overview of the Safety Profile From Efgartigimod Clinical Trials in Participants with Diverse IgG-mediated Autoimmune DiseasesKelly Gwathmey  MD Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Treatment-Related Inequities in Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Facing Social Determinants of Health Challenges: A Survey of Neurologists in the United States ​A. Gordon Smith  MD Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Diagnostic Inequities in Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Facing Social Determinants of Health Challenges: A Survey of Neurologists in the United StatesA. Gordon Smith  MD Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Real-World Burden Associated With Social Determinants of Health Challenges For Individuals Living with Generalized Myasthenia Gravis in the United StatesTom Hughes Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MST Real-World Outcomes of Patients living with Generalized Myasthenia Gravis Initiating Efgartigimod treatment in the United StatesCynthia Qi Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MSTAssociation between patient support program participation and access to efgartigimod treatment for generalized myasthenia gravisGlenn Phillips Poster Session9:35 AM - 10:05 AM MSTMore information on the programs are available at AANEM and MGFA .See Important Safety Information below and full Prescribing Information for VYVGART Hytrulo for additional informationImportant Safety InformationWhat is VYVGART® Hytrulo (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc)?VYVGART Hytrulo is a prescription medicine used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONInfectionVYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO may increase the risk of infection. The most common infections observed in Study 1 were urinary tract infection (10% of efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients vs 5% of placebo-treated patients) and respiratory tract infection (33% of efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients vs 29% of placebo-treated patients). Patients on efgartigimod alfa-fcab vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts (12% vs 5%  respectively)  lymphocyte counts (28% vs 19%  respectively)  and neutrophil counts (13% vs 6%  respectively). The majority of infections and hematologic abnormalities were mild to moderate in severity. Delay the administration of VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO in patients with an active infection until the infection has resolved; monitor for clinical signs and symptoms of infections. If serious infection occurs  administer appropriate treatment and consider withholding treatment with VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO until the infection has resolved.ImmunizationImmunization with vaccines during treatment with VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO has not been studied; the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines and the response to immunization with any vaccine are unknown. Because VYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO cause a reduction in immunoglobulin G (IgG) levels  vaccination with live-attenuated or live vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO. Evaluate the need to administer age-appropriate vaccines according to immunization guidelines before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART orVYVGART HYTRULO.Hypersensitivity ReactionsHypersensitivity reactions  including rash  angioedema  and dyspnea were observed in patients treated with VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO. Urticaria was also observed in patients treated with VYVGART HYTRULO. In clinical trials  hypersensitivity reactions were mild or moderate  occurred within 1 hour to 3 weeks of administration  and did not lead to treatment discontinuation. Monitor patients during and for one hour after VYVGART administration  or for at least 30 minutes after VYVGART HYTRULO administration  for clinical signs and symptoms of hypersensitivity reactions. If a hypersensitivity reaction occurs during VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO administration  discontinue use and institute appropriate supportive measures if needed.ADVERSE REACTIONSIn Study 1  the most common (≥10%) adverse reactions in efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients were respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection. In Study 2  the most common (≥10%) adverse reactions in VYVGART HYTRULO-treated patients were injection site reactions and headache. Injection site reactions occurred in 38% of VYVGART HYTRULO-treated patients  including injection site rash  erythema  pruritus  bruising  pain  and urticaria. In Study 2 and its open-label extension  all injection site reactions were mild to moderate in severity and did not lead to treatment discontinuation. The majority occurred within 24 hours after administration and resolved spontaneously. Most injection site reactions occurred during the first treatment cycle  and the incidence decreased with each subsequent cycle.USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONSPregnancyAs VYVGART and VYVGART HYTRULO are expected to reduce maternal IgG antibody levels  reduction in passive protection to the newborn is anticipated. Risks and benefits should be considered prior to administering live or live attenuated vaccines to infants exposed to VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO in utero.LactationThere is no information regarding the presence of efgartigimod alfa-fcab from administration of VYVGART  or efgartigimod alfa or hyaluronidase from administration of VYVGART HYTRULO  in human milk  the effects on the breastfed infant  or the effects on milk production. The developmental and health benefits of breastfeeding should be considered along with the mother’s clinical need for VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO  and any potential adverse effects on the breastfed infant from VYVGART or VYVGART HYTRULO or from the underlying maternal condition.INDICATIONVYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) for intravenous infusion and VYVGART® HYTRULO (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc) for subcutaneous injection are each indicated for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART and the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART HYTRULO.About Generalized Myasthenia GravisGeneralized myasthenia gravis (gMG) is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where IgG autoantibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. Approximately 85% of people with MG progress to gMG within 24 months 1 where muscles throughout the body may be affected. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for approximately 85% of the total gMG population.1About Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy (CIDP)Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a rare and serious autoimmune disease of the peripheral nervous system. Although confirmation of disease pathophysiology is still emerging  there is increasing evidence that IgG antibodies play a key role in the damage to the peripheral nerves. People with CIDP experience fatigue  muscle weakness and a loss of feeling in their arms and legs that can get worse over time or may come and go. These symptoms can significantly impair a person's ability to function in their daily lives. Without treatment  one-third of people living with CIDP will need a wheelchair.About VYVGARTVYVGART is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  resulting in the reduction of circulating IgG autoantibodies. It is the first approved FcRn blocker in the United States  EU and China for the treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti- acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive and in Japan for the treatment of adults with gMG who do not have sufficient response to steroids or non-steroidal immunosuppressive therapies (ISTs).About VYVGART® HytruloVYVGART Hytrulo is a subcutaneous combination of efgartigimod alfa  a human IgG1 antibody fragment marketed for intravenous use as VYVGART®  and recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme’s ENHANZE® drug delivery technology to facilitate subcutaneous injection delivery of biologics. In binding to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  VYVGART Hytrulo results in the reduction of circulating IgG. It is the first-and-only approved FcRn blocker administered by subcutaneous injection.VYVGART Hytrulo is the proprietary name in the U.S. for subcutaneous efgartigimod alfa and recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20. It may be marketed under different proprietary names following approval in other regions.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  Canada and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.References1 Behin et al. New Pathways and Therapeutics Targets in Autoimmune Myasthenia Gravis. J Neuromusc Dis 5. 2018. 265-277.For further information  please contact:Media:Ben Petokbpetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)ARoy@argenx.comForward Looking StatementThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the expected consistency  safety  tolerability  efficacy and quality-of-life benefits of VYVGART for patients with gMG and CIDP; VYVGART’s potential to achieve MSE for patients; and argenx’s planned future presentations of additional study data. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['Neuromuscular Autoimmune Disease', 'MGFA Scientific Sessions', 'Argenx Highlights', 'Data', 'VYVGART', 'AANEM', 'anti-AChR antibody negative) gMG patients', 'chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy', 'consistent, repeatable clinically meaningful responses', 'effective humoral immune responses', 'treatment-emergent adverse event rates', 'AChR) antibody positive patients', 'long-term gMG extension data', 'minimal symptom expression', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'global immunology company', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Myasthenia Gravis Foundation', 'Positive topline results', 'Consistent, Repeatable Responses', 'polyvalent pneumococcal vaccine', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'neuromuscular autoimmune disease', 'MGFA) Scientific Session', 'Long-term clinical trial', 'favorable safety profile', 'Long-term clinical data', 'AANEM) Annual Meeting', 'real-world evidence studies', 'The ADHERE study', 'long-term extension', 'TEAE rates', 'medical meeting', 'Vaccine Response', 'clinical trials', 'Similar results', 'repeatable improvements', 'real-world data', 'ADHERE Results', 'Study participants', 'broad data', 'Additional data', 'life measures', 'multiple indications', 'dosing schedules', 'longer exposure', 'American Association', 'Electrodiagnostic Medicine', 'FcRn inhibition', 'Luc Truyen', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'three years', 'broad impact', 'FcRn blocker', 'exciting step', 'anti-acetylcholine receptor', 'healthy populations', 'full dataset', 'MG-QoL15r scales', 'case studies', 'LRP4 antibodies', 'Long-term treatment', 'consistent improvements', 'data presentations', 'argenx SE', 'neuromuscular community', 'VYVGART Hytrulo', 'VYVGART administration', 'Seronegative Population', 'key quality', '20 presentations', 'VYVGART®', 'MSE', 'increase', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Nov.', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'place', 'Phoenix', 'AZ', 'November', 'leaders', 'field', 'deep', 'ability', 'history', 'CIDP', 'commitment', 'class', 'work', 'efficacy', 'Highlights', 'ADAPT+', 'ADAPT-SC+', '19 cycles', 'Achievement', 'July', 'conference', 'MG-ADL', 'consistency', 'severity', 'meta', '2024']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,marketscreener.com
32174,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.genengnews.com/gen-edge/abivax-advances-ulcerative-colitis-candidate-with-u-s-ipo/,Abivax Advances Ulcerative Colitis Candidate with U.S. IPO,Abivax completes a U.S. initial public offering  most of which will fund lead candidate obefazimod’s Phase III ulcerative colitis program.,By Alex PhilippidisIn 2015  Abivax launched what was then Europe’s largest biotech initial public offering (IPO) when it raised €57.7 million (about $61 million) by offering its first openly traded shares on the Euronext Paris exchange.Now  with a lead candidate making its way through Phase III trials  the Paris-based biotech says its best option for completing the funding of obefazimod’s lead program in ulcerative colitis (UC) and further funding its second program in Crohn’s disease was by going public again.Abivax recent carried out a second IPO  selling 18 699 460 American depositary shares (ADSs) October 20 on the Nasdaq Global Market at $11.60  and an ex-U.S. private placement where it sold 1 626 040 in European shares at that day’s equivalent price in Euros (€10.9864) to specified investors.The combined offering raised about $235.8 million in gross proceeds. That translates to about $212 million in net proceeds  Marc de Garidel  Abivax CEO and interim board chair  told GEN Edge.Since the U.S. IPO  Abivax’s ADSs have fallen 16%  to $9.76 at the close of trading on Wednesday. Its shares in Paris have slipped 17.5%  to €9.06 ($9.61).Why didn’t Abivax simply sell more of its European shares?“If you want to raise  say  $100-plus million or $200 million  there’s only one way to go: it’s Nasdaq ” de Garidel said. Nasdaq’s 3 490 listed securities is more than quadruple the 800+ listings in Paris and nearly twice the approximately 1 900 listings across all Euronext markets. Euronext’s roughly €6.5 trillion ($6.8 trillion) in market capitalization (the product of the share price and the number of outstanding shares) is just over 30% of Nasdaq’s approximately $22 trillion in market cap.“You have a depth of investors with bigger pockets in the U.S. You have also more expertise in the U.S. ” de Garidel said. “In the end  we see a gap in valuation between stocks that are in Paris or Europe overall versus Nasdaq. So  it was an easy decision to reach.”Abivax’s U.S. IPO is the largest-ever IPO by a French-listed biotech on Nasdaq  and the first Nasdaq IPO of a European biotech since Valneva went public on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in May 2021.The timing of the U.S. IPO was challenging  de Garidel acknowledged  as Nasdaq and other markets declined the day of Abivax’s offering (October 20) on investor fears that Israel’s “Operation Swords of Iron” war against Hamas may expand into a wider Mideast conflagration.“We still thought that that in the end  it was going to be important to be well-funded for Phase III. And if we had not done this raise  the stock would have started to drift down  because investors would have said  ‘you are not funded for the big value creation event ” de Garidel explained.Funding obefazimodAbout three-quarters of the net proceeds—approximately €160 million (about $169 million) are being used to fund Phase III studies for obefazimod in its lead program in moderate to severe UC.The global Phase III program  launched last year  is assessing the safety and efficacy of two dosages of obefazimod  25 mg and 50 mg  in both patients who have either failed advanced therapies (AT) or are AT-naïve.The program consists of two induction studies—ABTECT-1 (ABX464-105; NCT05507203) and ABTECT-2 (ABX464-106; NCT05507216)  as well as a subsequent ABTECT maintenance trial (ABX464-107; NCT05535946). All three studies are randomized  double-blind  and placebo controlled  using independent  blinded review of videotaped endoscopies.Patients from both induction studies who have demonstrated a clinical response of at least a 30% improvement in symptoms have been enrolled in the maintenance study.At the recent United European Gastroenterology (UEG) Week meeting  held in Copenhagen  Abivax researchers presented positive long-term efficacy data from a 96-week analysis of an open-label maintenance Phase IIb trial (NCT04023396).The trial was divided into two studies. Of the 222 patients who completed the induction study  217 were enrolled in the maintenance study  where they received a once-daily  oral 50-mg dose of obefazimod. At week 96  the overall clinical remission rate was 52.5%. About 59% of patients showed endoscopic improvement  while 35.9% showed endoscopic remission of UC.Among 168 patients for whom no clinical remission was reported after week 16 of the induction  nearly half (81 or 48.2%) achieved de novo clinical remission at week 96 of the maintenance study. Among the 49 patients who showed clinical remission after induction  33 (67.3%) maintained their remission at week 96.“There were more than 600 gastroenterologists who attended the session. As a result  people could not get in ” de Garidel recalled. “This is the first time in the history of the company that we have had such interest.”That interest  he said  resulted from the data showing that obefazimod could address all three qualities that gastroenterologists surveyed by the company in August said they were seeking in a UC treatment—something that was simple to take  safe  and showed durable efficacy.“A long way to go”“There’s a long way to go. There is a lot to do. But we are very  very excited about it ” de Garidel said.Abivax’s Phase III program for ovefazimod is evaluating more than 1 200 UC patients ages 16 and over at 600 study sites in 36 countries  612 patients per induction study. In both induction studies  patients will be treated for eight weeks. The first patient in the United States was dosed with obefazimod in October 2022.Topline results are expected in the first quarter of 2025 for the induction studies  and in the first quarter of 2026 for the maintenance study. Based on the induction study results  Abivax will decide whether to pursue a combination therapy for obefazimod in moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis.Abivax also plans to spend approximately €14.0 million ($14.8 million) of its U.S. IPO proceeds toward advancing its Crohn’s disease program for obefazimod. Abivax plans to file an IND application later this quarter for a Phase IIa induction trial whose topline results are expected in the second quarter of 2025. The company plans to launch that trial in the first quarter of 2024.Also in 2024  Abivax plans to declare an additional inflammatory indication for which it will pursue a proof-of-concept study for obefazimod.The remainder of Abivax’s U.S. IPO proceeds have been designated for working capital and other general corporate purposes  including research to identify new compounds and payment of existing debt agreements.Obefazimod is designed to upregulate miR-124  an anti-inflammatory microRNA. Obefazimod enhances the selective splicing of a single long noncoding RNA to generate miR-124  which downregulates cytokines and chemokines shown to promote inflammation  including tumor necrosis factor (TNF) alpha  IL-6  monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) and IL-17  as well as Th17+ cells.Under its former name ABX464  obefazimod was initially developed to treat HIV but was repurposed to fight inflammatory conditions based on its anti-inflammatory effect.Obefazimod’s anti-inflammatory effect is believed to be triggered when the molecule binds to its target  the cap binding complex located on the 5′ end of every cellular noncoding RNA molecule. The binding results in the splicing of a long  noncoding RNA that induces the overexpression of miR-124  which launches a cascade that is believed to propagate the drug’s anti-inflammatory effect.Competitive landscapeIf approved  obefazimod will join an increasingly crowded competitive landscape that has seen two new UC drugs approved by the FDA in October alone.Abivax envisions obefazimod as a first-line treatment for UC and Crohn’s disease after failure of conventional treatments. That’s a sweet spot now occupied by several tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) inhibitors  of which the best-selling drug is AbbVie’s multi-indication blockbuster Humira®(adalimumab).Humira generated $11.1 billion in Q1–Q3 2023  down 29% from $15.658 billion a year ago  due to competition from lower cost biosimilars that started this year  though its patent protection doesn’t end until 2034.Additional biologics with UC indications include another TNF inhibitor  Remicade® (infliximab)  marketed by Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen Biotech; another J&J (Janssen Immunology) drug  the human interleukin-12 and -23 antagonist Stelara® (ustekinumab); and Entyvio® (vedolizumab)  an integrin receptor antagonist marketed by Millennium: The Takeda Oncology Company.Stelara racked up $8.105 billion in Q1–Q3 2023  up 7.9% from $7.336 billion a year ago; and Remicade  $1.41 billion  down 24.5% from $1.868 billion.Entyvio—Takeda’s biggest-selling product—generated ¥702.7 ($4.715 billion) in sales in Takeda’s last full fiscal year  which ended March 31  2023  up from ¥521.8 billion ($3.501 billion) a year earlier. Since then  Entyvio has racked up ¥391.7 billion ($2.628 billion) in the first half of the company’s current fiscal year  up 13% from ¥346.6 billion ($2.326 billion) in April–September 2022.Entyvio’s sales are expected to soar even higher in the second half of Takeda’s fiscal year  since in September the FDA approved a subcutaneous administration of Entyvio for maintenance therapy in adults with moderately to severely active UC after induction therapy with intravenous Entyvio.Pfizer  Lilly gain UC approvalsTwo new drugs with UC indications have gained approval in October alone. The newest is Eli Lilly’s Omvoh™ (mirikizumab-mrkz)  the first interleukin-23p19 antagonist indicated to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis.Omvoh was approved based on Phase III data from a 12-week induction study (UC-1; NCT03518086) and a 40-week maintenance study (UC-2; NCT03524092). After 12 weeks of treatment with Omvoh  65% of patients achieved clinical response while 24% achieved clinical remission compared to the 43% and 15%  respectively  randomized to placebo.Omvoh may soon be joined by another new UC drug. The FDA and European Medicines Agency are reviewing AbbVie’s applications  submitted in August  to add UC to Skyrizi® (risankizumab)’s approved indications in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis  active psoriatic arthritis  and moderate to severe Crohn’s disease.AbbVie has projected additional sales of $2.5 billion for Skyrizi in UC and Crohn’s combined by 2025. The drug made $5.369 billion in net revenues in Q1–Q3 2023  up nearly 50% from $3.589 billion a year earlier.Obefazimod would also compete with an existing AbbVie UC drug  the Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitor Rinvoq® (upadacitinib)  as well as other JAK inhibitors  Pfizer’s Xeljanz® and extended-release version Xeljanz® XR (tofacitinib); and Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS)’s sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P) receptor modulator Zeposia® (ozanimod).Zeposia has generated $123 million in the first nine months of this year—up 78% from $69 million in Q1–Q3 2022  but a long way from the $3 billion that BMS has projected it would rack up globally from the drug by 2030.Besides meeting sales expectations  Zeposia faces another challenge: Head-on competition from Pfizer  which on October 13 gained FDA approval for another S1P receptor modulator  Velsipity® (etrasimod)  an oral  once-daily treatment indicated for adults with moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis.Velsipity was the lead candidate of Arena Pharmaceuticals  which Pfizer acquired for $6.7 billion in a deal completed in March 2022. Last year  Pfizer projected between $1 billion and $2 billion in annual revenues for Velsipity.During the first three quarters of 2023  Rinvoq generates $2.714 billion  up 55% from $1.752 billion in Q1-Q3 2022. Xeljanz  $1.21 billion  down 7% from $1.304 billion in Q1–Q3 2023.Other drugs indicated for UC or inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) include anti-inflammatory treatments such as 5-aminosalicylates and corticosteroids; immune system suppressants such as Azathioprine (Azasan  Imuran) and mercaptopurine (Purinethol  Purixan); and Cyclosporine (Gengraf  Neoral  Sandimmune).Expanding U.S. operationsde Garidel said Abivax has taken early steps toward prioritizing U.S. commercialization. Abivax is expanding its Stateside operations and plans by year’s end to announce the creation of a U.S. hub in Greater Boston. Up to 20 people would be based at that hub  de Garidel said.“The staff that would be there are people that live around Boston ” deGaridel said. “This is going to be for people who live on the East Coast  or even people coming from France especially on the clinical side. We would use it also as a facility to get people together for meetings in the U.S.”Abivax has nearly doubled its staff from 40 in May  when de Garidel’s appointment as CEO took effect  to about 70 today. Staff additions in recent months have included senior executives such as Ida Hatoum as chief people officer  Patrick Malloy as senior VP  investor relations  and Chris Rabbat as VP and head of medical affairs.“We didn’t have any house statistician. We didn’t have a data manager. We didn’t have a quality person. We didn’t have a pharmacogenetics person–some of the basic positions that  when you are in Phase III  you don’t always want to delegate ” said de Garidel  who succeeded founding CEO Hartmut J. Ehrlich  MD.He added that Abivax will continue to use CRO services from IQVIA  with which he said his company is satisfied.“We just have a few hires to do  but mostly I think we are where we should be ” de Garidel said.Alex Philippidis is Senior Business Editor of GEN.,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.37,0.32,0.31,True,English,"['Ulcerative Colitis Candidate', 'U.S. IPO', 'Abivax', 'open-label maintenance Phase IIb trial', 'largest biotech initial public offering', 'big value creation event', 'recent United European Gastroenterology', 'overall clinical remission rate', 'positive long-term efficacy data', 'subsequent ABTECT maintenance trial', 'global Phase III program', 'Phase III trials', 'interim board chair', 'wider Mideast conflagration', 'independent, blinded review', 'oral 50-mg dose', 'Phase III studies', 'novo clinical remission', '18,699,460 American depositary shares', 'UEG) Week meeting', 'U.S. IPO', 'Marc de Garidel', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'two induction studies', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'first Nasdaq IPO', 'European biotech', 'maintenance study', 'Paris-based biotech', 'French-listed biotech', 'two studies', 'combined offering', 'clinical response', 'ex-U.S.', 'first time', 'three studies', 'two dosages', 'endoscopic remission', 'durable efficacy', 'European shares', 'second IPO', 'lead program', 'second program', 'Alex Philippidis', 'lead candidate', 'best option', 'ulcerative colitis', 'private placement', 'equivalent price', 'gross proceeds', 'net proceeds', '3,490 listed securities', 'Euronext markets', 'market capitalization', 'share price', 'bigger pockets', 'easy decision', 'other markets', 'Operation Swords', 'Iron” war', 'advanced therapies', 'videotaped endoscopies', '96-week analysis', 'three qualities', 'outstanding shares', 'induction study', 'one way', '800+ listings', 'severe UC', 'endoscopic improvement', 'UC treatment', 'Abivax CEO', 'Abivax researchers', '1,900 listings', '30% improvement', 'funding', 'obefazimod', 'Crohn', 'disease', 'ADSs', 'day', 'Euros', 'investors', 'Edge', 'close', 'trading', 'product', 'number', 'depth', 'expertise', 'gap', 'stocks', 'Valneva', 'May', 'timing', 'October', 'Israel', 'Hamas', 'raise', 'three-quarters', 'moderate', 'safety', '25 mg', '50 mg', 'patients', 'symptoms', 'Copenhagen', '600 gastroenterologists', 'session', 'result', 'people', 'history', 'company', 'interest', 'August']",2023-11-02,2023-11-02,genengnews.com
32175,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-11/60548661-hopscotch-groupe-turnover-gross-margin-of-3rd-quarter-2023-399.htm,HOPSCOTCH GROUPE: Turnover & Gross Margin of 3rd Quarter 2023,Press Release Paris  November 2  2023  5:30 p.m.Quarterly Results Section HOPSCOTCH GROUPETurnover & Gross Margin of 3rd Quarter 2023Continued Steady GrowthGross Margin + 9.1% HOPSCOTCH Groupe (Eurone,"Press ReleaseParis  November 2  2023  5:30 p.m.Quarterly Results SectionHOPSCOTCH GROUPETurnover & Gross Margin of3rd Quarter 2023Continued Steady GrowthGross Margin + 9.1%HOPSCOTCH Groupe (Euronext FR0000065278)  a communications consultancy group and major player in Digital  Public Relations  Influence  and Events  presents today its third quarter results for 2023.M€ (*) Q1 Q2 Q3 (*)TOTAL Consolidated Turnover 2023Consolidated Gross Margin 2023 51 018 3 72 023 7 57 321 4 180 263 4 Consolidated Turnover 2022Consolidated Gross Margin 2022 45 316 7 63 521 5 52 619 9 161 458 1 Turnover VariationGross Margin Variation +12.5%+9.3% +13.4%+10.2% +8.9%+7.5% +11.7%+9.1%(*) Unaudited dataHopscotch Groupe's consolidated turnover to September 30  2023  amounted to 180.2 million euros (+11.7%)  with a gross margin of 63.4 million euros (+9.1%). The third quarter continued the trend  but without benefiting from the scope effect generated by the consolidation of the Sport division from the third quarter of 2022. Good performances in the events sector account for a large part of the growth recorded.Hopscotch Groupe expects to benefit from the same momentum over the full year. The group's participation in the sporting events during the summer of 2024 will begin contributing to this momentum in the second half of 2023  but the main focus will remain on the fiscal year of 2024.Hopscotch Groupe will publish its Q4 2023 sales on February 6  after stock market trading hours come to a close.________Shareholder ContactPierre-Franck MOLEY - Chief Executive Officer - Tel. 01 41 34 20 56 - pfmoley@hopscotchgroupe.comPress ContactJodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE - Assistant to the Management Board - Tel. 01 41 34 20 51 - jodiekc@hopscotchgroupe.com________About HOPSCOTCHHOPSCOTCH is an international communications group founded in France  directed by its founders and its managers  all guided by a business vision carried forward by the complementarity of expertise. HOPSCOTCH's founding belief? ""Global PR""  created around a unique mix of digital  event management  influence  public relations  and marketing services  for both Art de Vivre and corporate challenges.HOPSCOTCH brings together in France (Paris  Lyon  Lille  Marseille) and internationally (4 continental hubs in Asia  America  Europe  & Middle East) more than 800 expert collaborators in all communication skills: influence  events  activation  digitalization  internal communications  public affairs  marketing services…Convinced that the value of an enterprise or organization resides in the care given to its capital of human relations  HOPSCOTCH structures its expertise around its own brand ""Hopscotch"" (Events / PR / Travel / Décideurs / Congrès / Luxe / Sport)  and specialized agencies: AD crew  Alizeum  heaven  Hopscotch Interface Tourism  Human to Human  Le Public Système Cinéma  Le Public Système PR  Sagarmatha  Sopexa  Sport&Co and Uniteam.HOPSCOTCH now has an integrated international network of 40 offices in 5 continents and operations in over 60 countries.Listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: ALHOP FR 00000 6527 8)  the group represents a turnover of246.9 million and a gross margin of €86.1 million in 2022.Follow us: www.hopscotchgroupe.com et sur LinkedIn / Twitter / Instagram @HOPSCOTCHgroupe",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.19,0.37,True,English,"['HOPSCOTCH GROUPE', 'Gross Margin', '3rd Quarter', 'Turnover', 'Le Public Système Cinéma', 'Le Public Système PR', 'stock market trading hours', 'Quarterly Results Section', 'Q1 Q2 Q3', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Jodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE', 'Art de Vivre', 'integrated international network', 'communications consultancy group', 'international communications group', 'Consolidated Gross Margin', 'third quarter results', 'Hopscotch Interface Tourism', 'TOTAL Consolidated Turnover', 'Gross Margin Variation', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Public Relations', 'public affairs', 'Global PR', 'internal communications', '63,4 Consolidated Turnover', '3rd Quarter', '58,1 Turnover Variation', 'Press Release', 'Steady Growth', 'major player', 'Unaudited data', '180.2 million euros', '63.4 million euros', 'scope effect', 'Good performances', 'large part', 'full year', 'second half', 'main focus', 'fiscal year', 'Q4 2023 sales', 'Shareholder Contact', 'Pierre-Franck MOLEY', 'Press Contact', 'Management Board', 'business vision', 'founding belief', 'unique mix', 'event management', 'marketing services', 'corporate challenges', 'continental hubs', 'Middle East', '800 expert collaborators', 'communication skills', 'Décideurs', 'Congrès', 'specialized agencies', 'AD crew', 'ISIN code', 'ALHOP FR', 'Sport division', 'Sport&Co', 'HOPSCOTCH GROUPE', 'same momentum', 'human relations', 'events sector', 'sporting events', 'November', 'Digital', 'Influence', 'September', 'trend', 'consolidation', 'participation', 'summer', 'February', 'close', 'Tel.', 'Assistant', 'jodiekc', 'hopscotchgroupe', 'France', 'founders', 'managers', 'complementarity', 'expertise', 'Lyon', 'Lille', 'Marseille', 'Asia', 'America', 'Europe', 'activation', 'value', 'enterprise', 'organization', 'care', 'capital', 'brand', 'Travel', 'Luxe', 'Alizeum', 'heaven', 'Sagarmatha', 'Sopexa', 'Uniteam', '40 offices', '5 continents', 'operations', '60 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', '5:30', '9.']",2023-11-06,2023-11-02,finanznachrichten.de
32176,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nanobiotix-announces-pricing-capital-increase-144900223.html,NANOBIOTIX Announces Pricing of a Capital Increase Raising Total Gross Proceeds of $55M,NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – “Nanobiotix” or the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer ,"Nanobiotix S.A.PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 02  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – “Nanobiotix” or the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announces the pricing of its previously announced global follow-on offering reserved to specified categories of investors  consisting of (i) an offering of 3 106 907 American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”)  each representing one ordinary share  €0.03 nominal value per share (each an “Ordinary Share”)  of the Company  in the United States (the “U.S. Offering”) at an offering price of $5.36 per ADS  and (ii) an offering of 2 492 223 Ordinary Shares  exclusively to “qualified investors” in Europe (including France) within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and certain other countries (excluding the United States and Canada) (the “European Offering”) at an offering price of €5.07 per Ordinary Share. The U.S. Offering and the European Offering are referred to  together  as the “Global Offering.”The offering price of €5.07 per Ordinary Share  corresponding to the offering price of $5.36 per ADS based on an exchange rate of €1.00 = $1.0568  is equal to the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (""Euronext"") over the last three trading sessions preceding the pricing of the Global Offering (i.e. October 30  31 and November 1  2023)  less a discount of 15% and has been determined by the Company pursuant to the 24th and 25th resolutions of the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023.Pursuant to an existing securities purchase agreement  Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC  Inc. (“JJDC”) is obligated to subscribe  subject to any required regulatory approvals  for $25.0 million of Ordinary Shares in the form of restricted ADSs (the “Placement Amount”)  at a price per ADS equal to the offering price in the U.S. Offering in a concurrent private placement (the “Concurrent Private Placement”)  exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). Pursuant to French foreign investment control rules  the Placement Amount is required to be reduced  such that JJDC will initially subscribe for 3 670 294 restricted ADSs (representing 9.99% of the outstanding voting rights of the Company’s capital stock (the “Regulatory Cap”)) for $19.7 million. Upon  and subject to  the approval of the French Ministry of Economy  JJDC will subscribe for additional restricted ADSs (corresponding to the portion of the Placement Amount in excess of the Regulatory Cap) for $5.3 million. The closing of the Global Offering is not conditioned on the closing of the Concurrent Private Placement.Story continuesThe aggregate gross proceeds of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement are expected to be approximately $55 million  equivalent to approximately €51.5 million  before deduction of underwriting commissions in respect of the Global Offering and estimated expenses payable by the Company  assuming no exercise of the Over-Allotment Option (as defined below) in respect of the Global Offering.Jefferies LLC  Leerink Partners and Guggenheim are acting as global coordinators and joint bookrunners for the Global Offering.The Global Offering is subject to an underwriting agreement  which was entered into on November 2  2023. The underwriting agreement does not constitute a performance guarantee (garantie de bonne fin) within the meaning of Article L. 225-145 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).Type of OfferingThe 9 269 424 Ordinary Shares issued in the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement (including in the form of ADSs and in the case of JJDC  restricted ADSs) are issued without preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders by way of:a first capital increase of 5 599 130 Ordinary Shares subscribed in the Global Offering  decided on the date hereof by the Company’s Executive Board pursuant to the delegation granted to it by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 24th resolution in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) reserved to specific investors meeting the criteria defined by the shareholders’ meeting in the 24th resolution – i.e.  natural or legal entities (including companies)  trusts and investment funds or other investment vehicles that invest on a regular basis  or have invested at least €1 million within the last 36 months  in the healthcare or biotechnology sectors; anda second capital increase of 3 670 294 Ordinary Shares (in the form of restricted ADSs) subscribed by JJDC in the Concurrent Private Placement  decided on the date hereof by the Company’s Executive Board pursuant to the delegation granted to it by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 25th resolution in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) reserved to a specific investor meeting the criteria defined by the shareholders’ meeting in the 25th resolution – i.e.  an industrial company  institution or entity operating in the healthcare or biotechnology sector  either directly or through a controlled company or a company by which they are controlled  where applicable when entering into a commercial agreement  financing contract or partnership with the Company.Expected ClosingThe Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement are expected to close on November 6  and November 9  2023  respectively  subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.Option to Purchase Additional SharesIn connection with the Global Offering  the Company has granted the underwriters for the Global Offering a 30-day option to purchase additional ADSs on the same terms and conditions as in the Global Offering  in accordance with delegation granted by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 26th resolution (the “Over-Allotment Option”). The Company will announce the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option and the number ADSs to be issued in connection therewith  if any  as soon as practicable thereafter in a subsequent press release.StabilizationIn connection with the Global Offering  Jefferies LLC  acting as stabilization agent  may effect transactions with a view to supporting  stabilizing  or maintaining the market price of such securities at a level higher than which might otherwise prevail in the Company’s ADS market. However  there is no assurance that the stabilization agent will take any stabilization action and  if begun  such stabilization action may be ended at any time without prior notice. Any stabilization action or over-allotment shall be carried out in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations and may be undertaken on the Nasdaq Global Select Market.Estimated Proceeds from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private PlacementThe aggregate gross proceeds from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement are expected to be approximately $55 million  equivalent to approximately €51.5 million  before deducting underwriting commissions in respect of the Global Offering and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company  assuming no exercise of the Over-Allotment Option in connection with the Global Offering. If the Company issues additional ADSs pursuant to the exercise in full of the Over-Allotment Option in connection with the Global Offering  the estimated gross proceeds received by the Company from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement would be expected to be approximately $59.5 million  equivalent to approximately €56.3 million  before deducting underwriting commissions in respect of the Global Offering and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company.The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Global Offering  together with the proceeds from the Concurrent Private Placement  as follows:approximately 32% of the net proceeds to advance the Company’s NANORAY-312 global randomized Phase 3 clinical trial in the United States and the EU for the treatment of locally advanced head and neck cancers  and approximately 17% of the proceeds for the related increase of production capacity and supply of NBTXR3 required for this study;approximately 27% to advance the research and development of the Company’s other preclinical and clinical programs and related regulatory and medical activities; andapproximately 24% to other operating expenses funding and other general corporate purposes  including financing expenses (including a payment to the EIB).The expected use of proceeds represents the Company’s intentions based upon its current plans and business conditions. The Company cannot predict with certainty all of the particular uses for the net proceeds to be received upon the completion of Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement or the amounts that the Company will actually spend on the uses set forth above. The amounts and timing of the Company’s actual expenditures and the extent of clinical development may vary significantly depending on numerous factors  including the progress of the development efforts  the status of and results from preclinical studies and any ongoing clinical trials or clinical trials the Company may commence in the future  as well as any collaborations that the Company may enter into with third parties for its product candidates and any unforeseen cash needs. As a result  the Company’s management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of the net proceeds.As of September 30  2023  the Company had cash and cash equivalents of €38.7 million (unaudited). The Company believes that the net proceeds from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement  together with its cash and cash equivalents  will be sufficient to meet its working capital requirements for operations until the end of the first quarter 2025  and  assuming the receipt from Janssen Pharmaceutica NV (‘‘Janssen’’) of the first milestone payment under the Company’s License Agreement with Janssen dated July 7  2023  until the end of the second quarter 2025.The Company’s estimates of the period of time through which its financial resources are expected to be adequate to meet its working capital requirements are forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties  and actual results could vary materially and negatively as a result of a number of factors  as described under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”Lock-upIn connection with the Global Offering  the Company’s executive board members and supervisory board members are subject to a contractual lock-up for a period of 90 days after the date hereof  subject to customary exceptions  including an exception for the purpose of financing the exercise price of stock options and/or satisfying any applicable taxes due in connection with such exercise. The Company has also agreed to be bound by a contractual lock-up for a period of 90 days after the date hereof  subject to customary exceptions.DilutionThe 9 269 424 Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) issued in the Global Offering  to be mainly subscribed by existing investors  and in the Concurrent Private Placement will represent dilution of approximately 20.4% of the share capital of the Company (on a non-diluted basis) (21.8%  if the Over-Allotment is exercise in full). On an illustrative basis  a shareholder holding 1% of Nanobiotix’ share capital before the Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement would hold a stake of 0.83% after completion of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement (0.82%% if the Over-Allotment is exercised in full).Certain entities affiliated with Invus Public Equities Advisors  LLC  Baillie Gifford & Co and Qatar Holding LLC  existing shareholders of the Company not represented at its supervisory board  have agreed to purchase an aggregate of approximately 94% of the total number of Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) to be sold in the Global Offering.Risk FactorsPotential investors should carefully consider the risks described under “Risk Factors” in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement  including the following risks:shareholders not participating in the Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement may see their participation in the Company's share capital diluted due to the issuance of new securities;the volatility and liquidity of the Company's Ordinary Shares and ADSs may experience significant fluctuation (mainly downwards)  and there may be differences on Nasdaq and Euronext; andsales of the Company's Ordinary Shares and ADSs  in particular by its significant shareholders  could occur on the market and have an adverse impact on the Company's trading prices.In addition  the Company draws attention to the risk factors related to the Company and its activities presented in section 1.5 of the 2022 universal registration document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the “AMF”) under number D.23-0332 on April 24  2023  as updated in section 2.4 of the first amendment to the Company’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF under number D.23-0332-A01 on November 1st  2023 which are available free of charge on the Company’s website at https://ir.nanobiotix.com/   as well as on the AMF’s website at www.amf-france.org.Settlement and Delivery – DocumentationThe Company’s ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “NBTX”. The Company’s Ordinary Shares are listed on Euronext under the symbol “NANO.”The Ordinary Share are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext on November 6  2023 with respect to the Global Offering and on November 9  2023 with respect to the Concurrent Private Placement.Ordinary Shares (including those underlying ADS) issued in the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement will be subject to an application for admission to trading on Euronext on the same trading line as the existing Ordinary Shares of the Company currently listed on Euronext  under the same ISIN code FR0011341205 as well as to a listing prospectus subject to the approval of the AMF and comprising (i) the 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF under number D.23-0332 on April 24  2023  as updated by a first amendment to the Company’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF under number D.23-0332-A01 on November 1st  2023 and  as completed by a second amendment to the Company’s 2022 universal registration document  which will be filed with the AMF  and (ii) a securities note (Note d’opération) including a summary of the listing prospectus  copies of which will be available free of charge on the Company’s website at https://ir.nanobiotix.com/  as well as on the AMF’s website at www.amf-france.org. The trading of Nanobiotix’s Ordinary Shares on Euronext is suspended today until the opening of trading of Nanobiotix’s ADSs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market at approximately 2:30 pm (Paris time) / 9:30 a.m. (New York time) today.The ADSs and Ordinary Shares being offered in the Global Offering are being offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form F-3 (Registration No. 333-262545)  which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 4  2022 and subsequently declared effective on February 16  2022. The Global Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement relating to and describing the terms of the Global Offering has been filed with the SEC on November 2  2023 and is available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The final prospectus supplement relating to the Global Offering will be filed with the SEC. When available  copies of the final prospectus supplement (and accompanying prospectus) relating to the Global Offering may be obtained from Jefferies LLC  Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department  520 Madison Avenue  New York  NY 10022  or by telephone at (877) 821-7388 or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; from Leerink Partners LLC  Attention: Syndicate Department  53 State Street  40th Floor  Boston  MA 02109  or by telephone at (800) 808-7525 ext. 6105  or by email at syndicate@leerink.com; or from Guggenheim Securities  Attention: Equity Syndicate Department  330 Madison Avenue  8th Floor  New York  NY 10017  by telephone at (212) 518-9544  or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has been granted with a CE marking in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia Relations France – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0)6 64 79 97 51 plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comSpecial Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the expected closing of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement  the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects ” “intends ” “can ” “could ”  “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “should ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including such as market conditions  risks related to the satisfaction of closing conditions in the underwriting agreement related to the Global Offering  and risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers – the AMF) on April 24  2023 as updated by its first amendment filed with the AMF on November 1st  2023  in Nanobiotix’s half-year report  which was filed with the SEC on Form 6-K and with the AMF on September 26  2023  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company  nor shall there be any sale of such securities  in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Any person who comes into possession of this press release must inform him or herself of and comply with any such restrictions.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.In France  the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement described above will take place solely in the context of two capital increases to the benefit of categories of institutional investors  in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and applicable regulations. The European Offering is reserved  in Europe (including in France)  to “qualified investors”  as that term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area other than France (each  a “Relevant Member State”)  an offer of the securities referred to herein is not being made and will not be made to the public in that Relevant Member State  other than (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Relevant Member State  or (iii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; provided that no such offer of the securities referred to herein shall require the Company to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of the above  the expression an “offer to the public” in any Relevant Member State shall have the meaning ascribed to it in article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation.This communication is being distributed only to  and is directed only at (a) persons outside the United Kingdom  (b) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)  and (c) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (« high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc. ») of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.This press release has been prepared in both French and English. In the event of any discrepancies between the two versions of the press release  the French language version shall prevail.",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.52,0.43,0.05,True,English,"['Total Gross Proceeds', 'Capital Increase', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Pricing', 'French foreign investment control rules', 'last three trading sessions', 'volume weighted average price', 'existing securities purchase agreement', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'The U.S. Offering', 'French Commercial Code', 'outstanding voting rights', 'aggregate gross proceeds', 'Code de commerce', 'preferential subscription rights', 'other investment vehicles', 'concurrent private placement', 'first capital increase', 'second capital increase', '3,106,907 American Depositary Shares', 'Nanobiotix S.A.', 'combined shareholders’ meeting', 'one ordinary share', 'additional restricted ADSs', 'The Global Offering', 'existing shareholders', 'investment funds', 'French Ministry', 'last 36 months', 'biotechnology sectors', 'Placement Amount', 'Securities Act', 'capital stock', 'underwriting agreement', 'other countries', '2,492,223 Ordinary Shares', '9,269,424 Ordinary Shares', '5,599,130 Ordinary Shares', '3,670,294 Ordinary Shares', 'global coordinators', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'physics-based approaches', 'treatment possibilities', '3 nominal value', 'United States', 'exchange rate', 'regulated market', '25th resolutions', 'regulatory approvals', 'registration requirements', 'Regulatory Cap', 'underwriting commissions', 'Allotment Option', 'Jefferies LLC', 'Leerink Partners', 'joint bookrunners', 'performance guarantee', 'bonne fin', 'Executive Board', 'legal entities', 'regular basis', '3,670,294 restricted ADSs', 'European Offering', 'offering price', 'Article L.', 'qualified investors', '24th resolution', 'specific investors', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Johnson Innovation', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'pricing', 'categories', 'France', 'meaning', 'Canada', 'October', 'November', 'less', 'discount', 'June', 'JJDC', 'Economy', 'portion', 'excess', 'closing', 'Story', 'deduction', 'respect', 'expenses', 'exercise', 'Over', 'Guggenheim', 'garantie', 'Type', 'case', 'way', 'date', 'delegation', 'accordance', 'criteria', 'natural', 'companies', 'trusts', 'healthcare']",2023-11-02,2023-11-02,finance.yahoo.com
32177,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231102247270/en/SYNTAGMA-CAPITAL-Completes-the-Acquisition-of-Aginode-the-LANData-Center-%E2%80%9CLANDC%E2%80%9D-and-TelecomFibre-%E2%80%9CFTTx%E2%80%9D-Division-of-Nexans-SA-Euronext-Paris-NEX,SYNTAGMA CAPITAL Completes the Acquisition of Aginode  the LAN/Data Center (“LAN/DC”) and Telecom/Fibre (“FTTx”) Division of Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX),SYNTAGMA CAPITAL completes the acquisition of Aginode  a leading LAN/data center (“LAN/DC”) and Telecom /Fibre (“FTTx”) business,BRUSSELS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Syntagma Capital today announces that it has completed its acquisition of Aginode (https://www.aginode.net)  formerly known as Nexans Telecom & Data.The company  rebranded a few months ago to Aginode  designs  manufactures  and distributes smart connectivity solutions based on optical fibre and copper technologies to data centers  smart buildings  and telecom operators. In 2022  the business generated ca. €200m in revenues across 100+ countries thanks to its 8 industrial sites in France  Belgium  Germany  Greece  Morocco and China. The business employs ca. 680 employees worldwide.“Syntagma is pleased to announce today the completion of the Aginode transaction  the second portfolio company of the fund. The M&A market remains challenging and this achievement demonstrates our ability to navigate through uncertain times and continue to provide divestiture solutions that deliver speed and certainty while being highly selective on our capital allocation ” said Syntagma Managing Partner Sebastien Kiekert Le Moult.“We are thrilled by Aginode’s potential and look forward to teaming up with the management to steer the company towards a future of unprecedented success ” said Syntagma Partner Frank Coenen.Syntagma’s team involved in the transaction included Sebastien Kiekert Le Moult (Managing Partner)  Frank Coenen (Partner)  Benjamin Dahan (Partner)  João Pilecco (Senior Vice President)  Ludovic Ruffenach (Senior Associate)  and Alicia Azéma (Senior Analyst).Syntagma was advised by Willkie Farr Gallagher (Hugo Nocerino  Ji-Soo Kim  Rudy Merlet  Faustine Viala  Charles Bodreau  Charles-Antoine Erignac  Jordan Pontal)  PwC Transaction (Eric Douheret  Clément Meudec  François-Xavier Bornet  Edouard Bitton)  PwC Tax and Legal (Anne-Valerie Attias-Assouline  Mathieu Norest  Morgane Croisier  Aurélie Cluzel-d’Andlau  Claire Pascal Oury)  Roland Berger (Victor Marcais  Yaroslav Stetsenko) and ERM (Maryelle Ouvrard  ChinChin Lim).About Syntagma CapitalSyntagma invests in companies that can benefit from hands-on operational expertise to accelerate growth and improve performance for all stakeholders. We are true operators with experience working in and managing companies on a global scale  leveraging our in-house resources to develop successful strategies  execute them to realize their full potential and create sustainable long-term value. Syntagma invests and operates companies in a broad range of industries with a specific focus on the material  chemical  industrial and business services markets and including manufacturing  distribution  transportation and logistics  equipment rental  metals services and other industries. Syntagma  as signatory of the UN PRI  is committed to high ESG standards across all its investments and is based in Brussels  Belgium. For more information  please visit: https://syntagmacapital.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.65,0.34,0.02,True,English,"['SYNTAGMA CAPITAL', 'LAN/Data Center', 'Nexans SA', 'Euronext Paris', 'Acquisition', 'Aginode', 'LAN/DC', 'Telecom/Fibre', 'FTTx', 'Division', 'Sebastien Kiekert Le Moult', 'Aurélie Cluzel-d’Andlau', 'Syntagma Partner Frank Coenen', 'M&A market', 'João Pilecco', 'Alicia Azéma', 'Willkie Farr Gallagher', 'Clément Meudec', 'François-Xavier Bornet', 'Claire Pascal Oury', 'sustainable long-term value', 'high ESG standards', 'Senior Vice President', 'smart connectivity solutions', 'second portfolio company', 'business services markets', 'Syntagma Managing Partner', 'smart buildings', 'divestiture solutions', 'metals services', 'Senior Associate', 'Senior Analyst', 'Nexans Telecom', 'optical fibre', 'copper technologies', 'telecom operators', '100+ countries', 'uncertain times', 'capital allocation', 'unprecedented success', 'Benjamin Dahan', 'Ludovic Ruffenach', 'Hugo Nocerino', 'Ji-Soo Kim', 'Rudy Merlet', 'Faustine Viala', 'Charles Bodreau', 'Charles-Antoine Erignac', 'Jordan Pontal', 'Eric Douheret', 'Edouard Bitton', 'PwC Tax', 'Anne-Valerie Attias-Assouline', 'Mathieu Norest', 'Morgane Croisier', 'Roland Berger', 'Victor Marcais', 'Yaroslav Stetsenko', 'Maryelle Ouvrard', 'ChinChin Lim', 'operational expertise', 'true operators', 'global scale', 'house resources', 'successful strategies', 'broad range', 'specific focus', 'equipment rental', 'UN PRI', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Syntagma Capital', 'PwC Transaction', 'data centers', '8 industrial sites', 'full potential', 'other industries', 'Aginode transaction', 'BRUSSELS', 'acquisition', 'revenues', 'France', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Greece', 'Morocco', 'China', '680 employees', 'completion', 'fund', 'achievement', 'ability', 'speed', 'certainty', 'management', 'future', 'team', 'companies', 'hands', 'growth', 'performance', 'stakeholders', 'experience', 'material', 'chemical', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'transportation', 'logistics', 'signatory', 'investments', 'information']",2023-11-02,2023-11-02,businesswire.com
32178,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/nanobiotix-announces-launch-global-offering-223200789.html,NANOBIOTIX Announces Launch of Global Follow-On Offering and a Concurrent Private Placement Along with the Removal of the EIB Cash Covenant,NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – “Nanobiotix” or the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer ,Nanobiotix S.A.PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 01  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – “Nanobiotix” or the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announces the launch  subject to market and other conditions  of an approximately $30.0 million global follow-on offering (representing approximately €28.4 million) reserved to specified categories of investors consisting of (i) an offering of its American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”)  each representing one ordinary share  €0.03 nominal value per share (each an “Ordinary Share”)  of the Company  in the United States (the “U.S. Offering”) and (ii) an offering of its Ordinary Shares  exclusively to “qualified investors” in Europe (including France) within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)  and certain other countries (excluding the United States and Canada) (the “European Offering”). The U.S. Offering and the European Offering are referred to  together  as the “Global Offering”.Pursuant to an existing securities purchase agreement  Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC  Inc. (“JJDC”) is obligated to subscribe  subject to any required approvals  for $25.0 million of Ordinary Shares in the form of restricted ADSs (the “Placement Amount”)  at a price per ADS equal to the offering price in the U.S. Offering in a concurrent private placement  exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  contingent and conditioned upon the consummation of the Global Offering with gross proceeds of at least $25.0 million (the “Concurrent Private Placement”). The Placement Amount will be reduced  if necessary  such that JJDC will not hold greater than 9.99% of the outstanding voting rights of the Company’s capital stock (the “Regulatory Cap”)  in which case the portion of the Placement Amount in excess of the Regulatory Cap shall be issuable  subject to prior approval of the French Ministry of Economy in accordance with applicable French foreign investment control rules. The closing of the Global Offering is not conditioned on the closing of the Concurrent Private Placement.Story continuesJefferies LLC is acting as global coordinator and joint bookrunner for the Global Offering. Leerink Partners  Guggenheim Securities and H.C. Wainwright & Co. are also acting as joint bookrunners for the Global Offering.The Global Offering would be subject to an underwriting agreement. The underwriting agreement would not constitute a performance guarantee (garantie de bonne fin) within the meaning of Article L. 225-145 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).In connection with the Global Offering  the Company intends to grant the underwriters for the Global Offering a 30-day option to purchase additional ADSs  in an amount of up to 15% of the total number of Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) to be sold in the Global Offering  on the same terms and conditions  in accordance with delegation granted by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 26th resolution.The Ordinary Shares to be sold in the Global Offering (including in the form of ADSs and  in the case of JJDC  restricted ADSs) will be issued without preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders by way of:A first capital increase pursuant to the delegation granted by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 24 th resolution and in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)  reserved to specific investors meeting the criteria set by the shareholders’ meeting in the 24 th resolution – i.e.  natural or legal entities (including companies)  trusts and investment funds or other investment vehicles that invest on a regular basis  or have invested at least €1 million within the last 36 months  in the healthcare or biotechnology sectors.A second capital increase to be sold to JJDC in the Concurrent Private Placement pursuant to the delegation granted by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 25th resolution and in accordance with article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)  reserved to a specific investor meeting the criteria set by the shareholders’ meeting in the 25th resolution – i.e.  an industrial company  institution or entity operating in the healthcare or biotechnology sector  either directly or through a controlled company or a company by which they are controlled  where applicable when entering into a commercial agreement  financing contract or partnership with the Company.All securities to be sold in the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement will be offered by the Company. The Company’s ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “NBTX.” The Company’s Ordinary Shares are listed on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext”) under the symbol “NANO.”The final amount of the Global Offering  the offering price in the U.S. Offering in U.S. dollars and the offering price in the European Offering in euros  as well as the final number of ADSs and Ordinary Shares sold in the Global Offering will be determined following a book-building process commencing immediately as of the date hereof. The Company will announce the results of the Global Offering as well as the number and subscription price of the Ordinary Shares and ADSs to be issued in the context of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement as soon as practicable after pricing thereof in a subsequent press release.The number of securities to be sold in the Global Offering will be determined by the Company’s Executive Board in accordance with the delegation granted by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting of the Company held on June 27  2023  pursuant to its 24th  25th and 29th resolutions.The offering price of each Ordinary Share to be issued in the European Offering will be in euros and at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares on Euronext over the last three trading sessions preceding the pricing of the Global Offering (i.e. October 30  October 31 and November 1  2023)  subject to a maximum 15% discount. The offering price of each ADS in the U.S. Offering and in the Concurrent Private Placement will be the U.S. dollars equivalent.Ordinary Shares (including those underlying ADS) issued in the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement will be subject to an application for admission to trading on Euronext on the same trading line as the existing Ordinary Shares of the Company currently listed on Euronext  under the same ISIN code FR0011341205. The trading of Nanobiotix’s Ordinary Shares on Euronext will be suspended on November 2  2023  2023 until the opening of trading of Nanobiotix’s ADSs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market at approximately 2:30 pm (Paris time) / 9:30 a.m. (New York time) on November 2  2023  2023  prior to which Nanobiotix will publish the allocation of share capital to be effective following settlement and delivery of the securities sold in the Global Offering.As of September 30  2023  the Company had cash and cash equivalents of €38.7 million (unaudited). The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Global Offering  together with the proceeds from the Concurrent Private Placement  as follows:approximately 32% of the net proceeds to advance the Company’s NANORAY-312 global randomized Phase 3 clinical trial in the United States and the EU for the treatment of locally advanced head and neck cancers  and approximately 17% of the proceeds for the related increase of production capacity and supply of NBTXR3 required for this study;approximately 27% to advance the research and development of the Company’s other preclinical and clinical programs and related regulatory and medical activities; andapproximately 24% to other operating expenses funding and other general corporate purposes  including financing expenses (including a payment to the EIB).The expected use of proceeds represents the Company’s intentions based upon its current plans and business conditions. The Company cannot predict with certainty all of the particular uses for the net proceeds to be received upon the completion of Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement or the amounts that the Company will actually spend on the uses set forth above. The amounts and timing of the Company’s actual expenditures and the extent of clinical development may vary significantly depending on numerous factors  including the progress of the development efforts  the status of and results from preclinical studies and any ongoing clinical trials or clinical trials the Company may commence in the future  as well as any collaborations that the Company may enter into with third parties for its product candidates and any unforeseen cash needs. As a result  the Company’s management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of the net proceeds.Pursuant to discussions with the European Investment Bank (the “EIB”)  the EIB has agreed to the removal of the minimum cash and cash equivalent covenant from the Company’s EIB loan  effective October 13  2023  subject to: (i) the Company’s repayment of the payment-in-kind (‘‘PIK’’) prepayment amount of approximately €5.4 million in accordance with the terms of the EIB loan in respect of PIK interest accrued through October 12  2023 (the ‘‘PIK prepayment condition’’) and (ii) the introduction of an additional mechanism for further prepayment of the €20.0 million milestone payment required under the EIB loan  which will require prepayments equal to a tiered low single digit percentage of future equity or debt financing transactions raising up to an aggregate of €100.0 million  on a cumulative basis  increasing to a mid-single digit percentage for such financings greater than €100.0 million (the ‘‘Milestone Prepayment Mechanism’’). The PIK prepayment condition was satisfied on October 12  2023.For illustration of the Milestone Prepayment Mechanism  in connection with an equity financing of €50 million  in the aggregate  the Company would be required to prepay approximately €0.5 million towards the €20.0 million milestone payment under the EIB loan.The agreement with EIB requires that the foregoing amendments be reflected in consolidated amended and restated documentation for the EIB loan agreement and related royalty agreement no later than February 15  2024.In connection with the Global Offering  the Company’s executive board members and supervisory board members are subject to a contractual lock-up for a period of 90 days after the pricing of the Global Offering  subject to customary exceptions  including an exception for the purpose of financing the exercise price of stock options and/or satisfying any applicable taxes due in connection with such exercise. The Company has also agreed to be bound by a contractual lock-up for a period of 90 days after the pricing of the Global Offering  subject to customary exceptions.A shelf registration statement on Form F-3 (including a prospectus) relating to the Company’s securities was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 4  2022 and subsequently declared effective on February 16  2022. The Company has also filed with the SEC a preliminary prospectus supplement (and accompanying prospectus) relating to and describing the terms of the Global Offering (the “Preliminary Prospectus Supplement”). Before purchasing ADSs or Ordinary Shares in the Global Offering  you should read the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying prospectus filed with the SEC on November 1  2023  together with the documents incorporated by reference therein. You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively  a copy of the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement (and accompanying prospectus) relating to the Global Offering may be obtained from Jefferies LLC  Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department  520 Madison Avenue  2nd Floor  New York  NY 10022  or by telephone at (877) 821-7388 or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; from Leerink Partners LLC  Attention: Syndicate Department  53 State Street  40th Floor  Boston  MA 02109  or by telephone at (800) 808-7525 ext. 6105  or by email at syndicate@leerink.com; or from Guggenheim Securities  Attention: Equity Syndicate Department  330 Madison Avenue  8th Floor  New York  NY 10017  by telephone at (212) 518-9544  or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com; or from H.C. Wainwright & Co.  LLC  430 Park Avenue  3rd Floor  New York  NY 10022  by telephone at (212) 856-5711 or by e-mail at placements@hcwco.com.Potential investors should carefully consider the risks described under “Risk Factors” in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement  including the following risks:shareholders not participating in the Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement may see their participation in the Company's share capital diluted due to the issuance of new securities;the volatility and liquidity of the Company's Ordinary Shares and ADSs may experience significant fluctuation (mainly downwards)  and there may be differences on Nasdaq and Euronext; andsales of the Company's Ordinary Shares and ADSs  in particular by its significant shareholders  could occur on the market and have an adverse impact on the Company's trading prices.In addition  the Company draws attention to the risk factors related to the Company and its activities presented in section 1.5 of the 2022 universal registration document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the “AMF”) under number D.23-0332 on April 24  2023  as updated in section 2.4 of the first amendment to the Company’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF under number D.23-0332-A01 on November 1  2023] which are available free of charge on the Company’s website at https://ir.nanobiotix.com/   as well as on the AMF’s website at www.amf-france.org.Application will be made to list the new Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) to be issued pursuant to the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement on the Euronext pursuant to a listing prospectus subject to the approval of the AMF and comprising (i) the 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF under number D.23-0332 on April 24  2023  as updated by a first amendment to the Company’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF under number D.23-0332-A01 on November 1  2023  as completed by a second amendment to the Company’s 2022 universal registration document  which will be filed with the AMF  and (ii) a securities note (Note d’opération) including a summary of the listing prospectus  copies of which will be available free of charge on the Company’s website at https://ir.nanobiotix.com/ as well as on the AMF’s website at www.amf-france.org.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has been granted with a CE marking in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia Relations France – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0)6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comSpecial Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Nanobiotix’s proposed Global Offering and the use of proceeds therefrom. Words such as “expects ” “intends ” “can ” “could ”  “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “should ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including such as market conditions  including the trading price and volatility of Nanobiotix’s ADSs and Ordinary Shares  and risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance. Further information on the risk factors that may affect Company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers – the AMF) on April 24  2023 as updated by its first amendment filed with the AMF on November 1  2023]  in Nanobiotix’s half-year report  which was filed with the SEC on Form 6-K and with the AMF on September 26  2023  and in any subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time  which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Nanobiotix may not consummate the proposed Global Offering and  if the proposed Global Offering is consummated  cannot provide any assurances regarding its final terms. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company  nor shall there be any sale of such securities  in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Any person who comes into possession of this press release must inform him or herself of and comply with any such restrictions.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.In France  the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement described above will take place solely in the context of two capital increases to the benefit of categories of institutional investors  in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and applicable regulations. The European Offering is reserved  in Europe (including in France)  to “qualified investors”  as that term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area other than France (each  a “Relevant Member State”)  an offer of the securities referred to herein is not being made and will not be made to the public in that Relevant Member State  other than (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Relevant Member State; or (iii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; provided that no such offer of the securities referred to herein shall require the Company to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of the above  the expression an “offer to the public” in any Relevant Member State shall have the meaning ascribed to it in article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation.This communication is being distributed only to  and is directed only at (a) persons outside the United Kingdom  (b) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)  and (c) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Ordinary Shares offered in the Global Offering has led to the conclusion in relation to the type of clients criteria only that: (i) the type of clients to whom the Ordinary Shares are targeted is eligible counterparties and professional clients only  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Ordinary Shares offered in the Global Offering to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Ordinary Shares (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ type of clients assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Ordinary Shares offered in the Global Offering (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ type of clients assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.This press release has been prepared in both French and English. In the event of any discrepancies between the two versions of the press release  the French language version shall prevail.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,True,English,"['Global Follow-On Offering', 'Concurrent Private Placement', 'EIB Cash Covenant', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Launch', 'Removal', 'applicable French foreign investment control rules', '$30.0 million global follow-on offering', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'existing securities purchase agreement', 'The U.S. Offering', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'French Commercial Code', 'outstanding voting rights', 'H.C. Wainwright', 'preferential subscription rights', 'other investment vehicles', 'Code de commerce', 'first capital increase', 'second capital increase', 'concurrent private placement', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Nanobiotix S.A.', 'combined shareholders’ meeting', 'The Ordinary Shares', 'The Global Offering', 'one ordinary share', 'investment funds', 'French Ministry', 'existing shareholders', 'commercial agreement', 'garantie de', 'capital stock', 'biotechnology sectors', 'underwriting agreement', 'Placement Amount', 'global coordinator', 'other countries', 'regulated market', 'The Company', 'European Offering', 'Securities Act', 'Guggenheim Securities', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'physics-based approaches', 'treatment possibilities', '3 nominal value', 'United States', 'registration requirements', 'gross proceeds', 'Regulatory Cap', 'prior approval', 'Jefferies LLC', 'joint bookrunner', 'Leerink Partners', 'performance guarantee', 'bonne fin', '30-day option', 'total number', 'same terms', '26th resolution', '24 th resolution', 'legal entities', 'regular basis', 'last 36 months', '25th resolution', 'specific investor', 'financing contract', 'ticker symbol', 'other conditions', 'offering price', 'Article L.', 'qualified investors', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Johnson Innovation', 'industrial company', 'controlled company', 'restricted ADSs', 'additional ADSs', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'launch', 'categories', 'France', 'meaning', 'Canada', 'JJDC', 'approvals', 'consummation', 'case', 'portion', 'excess', 'Economy', 'accordance', 'closing', 'Story', 'Co.', 'connection', 'underwriters', 'up', 'delegation', 'June', 'way', 'criteria', 'natural', 'companies', 'trusts', 'healthcare', 'institution', 'entity', 'partnership', 'Euronext']",2023-11-01,2023-11-02,uk.finance.yahoo.com
