UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
32925,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BBS-BIOACTIVE-BONE-SUBSTI-41648091/news/BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc-BBS-arranges-a-rights-offering-of-approximately-maximum-EUR-2-63-45399138/,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc: BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 million -November 20  2023 at 12:35 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  20 November 2023 at 17.03 p.m. EEST BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 millionNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN PAR…,"Official press release from BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES OYJBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  20 November 2023 at 19.35 p.m. EESTCorrection: In the english stock exchange release  was incorrectly stated the following sentence: ""The Company expects the CE marking application to be approved by the end of the year 2023."" BBS corrects the sentence as follows: ""The Company expects the CE marking application to be approved during the second quarter of year 2024.""BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 millionNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE USA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SINGAPORE OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IS UNLAWFUL.BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 millionBased on authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting on 23 October 2023  the Board of Directors of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc (""BBS"" or the ""Company"") has decided to arrange a rights offering totaling approximately EUR 2.63 million (the ""Offering""). The Offering consists of a maximum of 6 578 481 new shares (the ""Offer Shares"").SummaryApproximately maximum of EUR 2.63 million before transaction costs may be raised in the Offering if fully subscribed.BBS will give all its shareholders registered in BBS's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd (""Euroclear Finland"") one (1) book-entry subscription right (the ""Subscription Right"") for each share held on the Offering record date. Each one hundred (100) Subscription Rights entitles the holder to subscribe for forty-five (45) Offer Shares.The record date for the Offering will be 22 November 2023 with the last day of trading including the Subscription Rights on 20 November 2023 and the first day of trading excluding the Subscription Rights on 21 November 2023.The subscription price is EUR 0.40 per Offer Share. The subscription period for the Offer Shares (the ""Subscription Period"") will commence on 27 November 2023 at 10:00 a.m. Finnish time  and it is expected to end on 13 December 2023 at 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.Net proceeds from the Offering will be used inter alia for successful completion of the ongoing CE marking application process for BBS’ bone implant ARTEBONE® Paste  for initiating the commercialisation of ARTEBONE® Paste and for paying the loan repayments and interest.Reasons for the Offering and use of proceedsBBS is applying for the CE marking for its first product  ARTEBONE® Paste bone implant. On 9 March 2022  BBS submitted the CE marking application to the Notified Body in the Netherlands. The authorities’ original estimate for the processing time was 8 to 12 months from the filing. Subsequently  the processing times have lengthened  as indicated by a survey published by Medtech Europe  such that approvals for new products are not being granted within the original target time framework of one year. The delays are typically due to the authorities being overburdened  in part because the new Medical Device Regulation (MDR) necessitates the re-approval of existing products as well. Due to delays in the processing of the CE marking application  the Company must seek bridge financing to secure its funding until the CE marking is obtained.Despite the delays  ARTEBONE® Paste’s product approval process has made good progress with no significant non-conformities being reported. In May 2023  the Company was informed of the particularly critical decision regarding product classification. ARTEBONE has been a new type of borderline case between medical devices and medicines  and the company became a significant precedent from a regulatory point of view on how such products can overall be given approvals. This is also evidenced by the fact that the company was even included as an example in the industry manual published in 2018 (Manual on borderline and classification in the community regulatory framework for medical devices  version 1.19 (04 2018)).The first audit of the quality system was conducted in November 2022 and the following one in March 2023. On 2 November 2023  the Company announced it had received the quality system certificate from the authorities for advance commenting. The certificate will be officially approved by the relevant body. At the same time  the Company announced that according to the authorities the consultation with the Finnish Medicines Agency (FIMEA) will begin on 21 November 2023. The consultation is one of the final phases of the CE marking process. Alongside the consultation  the official product approval process is underway.The Company expects the CE marking application to be approved during the second quarter of year 2024. Based on the currently available information  the Company’s view is that there are no longer product risks associated with the remaining technical phases of the regulatory approval process. The main actual challenge is predicting the time it will take for the process  which the Company cannot entirely control  as the Notified Body makes decisions independently. In general  a medical device is granted approval if the product meets the safety requirements (its use does not cause harm)  and in addition  the products therapeutic efficacy must be demonstrated for its intended purpose. Both of these aspects are tested and verified through animal tests and clinical trials during the product development phase  before the regulatory approval process is initiated. BBS’s ARTEBONE® Paste has already passed these stages. The final ongoing regulatory approval phase mainly consists of consultations with the Medicines Agency and the finalization of the Company’s production and quality control processes  including test production batches.The Company anticipates that the net proceeds raised through the Offering will be used for executing the Company’s business plan  strengthening working capital and investments  and managing and repaying loans  including but not limited to the following items:1. The principal purpose of the proceeds to be raised is the successful completion of the application process for a CE marking for the BBS bone implant ARTEBONE® Paste  including certification of the Company’s quality system. The funds will also be used for product development  patent portfolio maintenance and production development  and also for the FDA approval application process for gaining marketing authorisation for ARTEBONE® Paste on the US market.2. For initiating the commercialisation of ARTEBONE® Paste  including sales and marketing asset recruitment and training  preparation of marketing materials as well as assessing and contacting initial potential customers.3. For payment of principal instalments and interest of EUR 0.5 million in Business Finland loans that are due in the next 12 months.The estimate of how the proceeds are intended to be used is based on the assumption that the Offering will be subscribed in fullThe estimated portions of the use of proceeds may differ depending on the amount of funds raised and the development of business operations. If the Offering is not subscribed in full  it may not be possible to carry out the planned actions in full  and cost-cutting measures will need to be introduced  which in turn may delay the start of production  marketing and sales.If the Offering is fully subscribed  according to the Company's management's estimate  the Company's working capital will be sufficient for approximately 8 months. The company can influence the sufficiency of the working capital by acquiring additional equity or debt capital or measures to save the Company's expenses.* MedTech Europe Survey -raportti. https://www.medtecheurope.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/medtech-europe-survey-report-analysing-the-availability-of-medical-devices-in-2022-in-connection-to-the-medical-device-regulation-mdr-implementation.pdfTerms of the OfferingThe Company will offer maximum of 6 578 481 Offer Shares for subscription in accordance with the shareholders' preferential subscription right. The main terms for the Offering are presented below.All shareholders registered in BBS's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland will be given one (1) book-entry Subscription Right for each share held in the Company on the Offering record date 22 November 2023. Each one hundred (100) Subscription Rights will entitle their holder to subscribe for forty-five (45) Offer Shares.The Subscription Rights will be registered in the shareholders' book-entry accounts in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland approximately on 23 November 2023.The Subscription Rights registered with Euroclear Finland will be freely transferable and will be traded on First North Growth Market Finland (“First North Finland”) between 27 November 2023 and 7 December 2023.After the subscription  temporary shares corresponding to the Offer Shares subscribed for based on the Subscription Rights (the ""Temporary Shares"") will be entered into the subscriber's book-entry account.Trading in the Temporary Shares is estimated to begin on First North Finland 27 November 2023.The Temporary Shares will be combined with the Company's current shares after the Offer Shares have been registered into the Trade Register  which is estimated to take place on approximately 21 December 2023.Investor Memorandum and the Basic Information DocumentIn connection with the Offering  the Company has prepared this Investor Memorandum (“Investor Memorandum”) as well as a Basic Information Document in accordance with Chapter 3  Section 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) (“Basic Information Document”) with corresponding attachments  both of which are available on the Company’s website http://bbs-artebone.fi/share-issue-2023-11 by 24th of November. The release of the Investor Memorandum will be announced through a separate company announcement.Indicative timetable22 November 2023 Resolution regarding the Offering by the Board of Directors24 November The Investor Memorandum and the Basic Information Document are published27 November 2023 Subscription Period begins (estimate)27 November 2023 Trading in Temporary Shares and Subscription Rights begins on First North Finland (estimate)7 December 2023 Last day of trading on First North Finland in Subscription Rights (estimate)13 December 2023 Subscription Period ends unless extended (estimate)18 December 2023 Outcome of the Offering announced (estimate)21 December 2023 Last day of trading on First North Finland in Temporary Shares (estimate)22 December 2023 Offer Shares delivered to the book-entry accounts of subscribers (estimate)22 December 2023 Trading in Offer Shares begins together with Company’s existing shares on First North Finland (estimate)AdvisersAalto Capital Partners Oy is acting as financial advisor to the Company in the Offering. Smartius Oy is acting as the legal adviser to the Company on aspects of the Offering related to the Finnish law.BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLCFor more information  please contact:Juliusz Rakowski  CEO+358 50 448 5132juliusz.rakowski@bbs-artebone.fiCertified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB +46 70 551 67 29 info@certifiedadviser.seBBS in briefBBS -Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is a orthobiology company that started its operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of complex bone fractures and bone healing issues. Our goal is to provide next-generation medical products for the treatment of bone injuries in orthopedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical industry  the development and research work require perseverance and courage to innovate. We have a track record of over 20 years in this field. Our company is characterized by expertise  innovation  and dedicated employees who are passionate about their work. Our developed product  ARTEBONE®  is in the final stages of product development  and we are seeking the CE marking to enable its commercialization in the EU market. We are based in Oulu with a medical manufacturing facility in Reisjärvi  holding a manufacturing license. The company's headquarters are in Oulu  and we employ 20 people.BBS has been listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland since February 2018.More information: www.bbs-artebone.fiIMPORTANT NOTICEThis release or the information contained therein shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  Singapore  South Africa or the United States. The information contained in this release do not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any area  where offering  procurement of or selling such securities would be unlawful prior to registration or exemption from registration or any other approval required by the securities regulation in such area. This release is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and the rules and regulations issued by virtue of it. BBS has not registered  and does not intend to register  any offering of securities in the United States. No actions have been taken to register the shares or the offering anywhere else than in Finland.The information contained herein shall not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This release is not a prospectus and does not constitute any offer  invitation or investment advice to subscribe for or purchase securities. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any securities or make any investment decisions referred to herein except on the basis of information contained in a prospectus issued by BBS.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.02,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'rights offering', 'maximum EUR', 'November', '12:35', 'ongoing CE marking application process', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'english stock exchange release', 'one (1) book-entry subscription right', 'original target time framework', 'new Medical Device Regulation', 'official product approval process', 'one hundred (100) Subscription Rights', 'ARTEBONE® Paste bone implant', 'CE marking process', 'Official press release', 'community regulatory framework', 'regulatory approval process', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'main actual challenge', 'remaining technical phases', 'BBS’ bone implant', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'authorities’ original estimate', 'forty-five (45) Offer Shares', 'Finnish Medicines Agency', 'quality system certificate', 'Offering record date', 'medical devices', 'regulatory point', '6,578,481 new shares', 'first product', 'product risks', 'one year', 'Finnish time', 'final phases', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'new type', 'subscription price', 'subscription period', 'same time', 'product classification', 'new products', 'EEST Correction', 'second quarter', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'transaction costs', 'shareholder register', 'last day', 'first day', 'successful completion', 'loan repayments', 'Notified Body', 'to 12 months', 'Medtech Europe', 'bridge financing', 'good progress', 'significant non-conformities', 'critical decision', 'significant precedent', 'first audit', 'advance commenting', 'relevant body', 'rights offering', 'processing time', 'existing products', 'Insider information', 'following sentence', 'Net proceeds', 'borderline case', 'industry manual', 'Company Announcement', 'OYJ', 'November', 'end', 'maximum', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PART', 'USA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'SUCH', 'authorization', '23 October', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Summary', 'shareholders', 'trading', '10:00 a', '13 December', 'commercialisation', 'interest', 'Reasons', 'use', '9 March', 'Netherlands', 'filing', 'survey', 'approvals', 'delays', 'MDR', 'funding', 'May', 'view', 'fact', 'example', 'version', 'consultation', 'FIMEA', '19.35', '4:00']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32926,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2783488/0/en/CORRECTION-BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc-BBS-arranges-a-rights-offering-of-approximately-maximum-EUR-2-63-million.html,CORRECTION: BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc: BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 million,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  20 November 2023 at 19.35 p.m. EEST    Correction: In the english stock......,"BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  20 November 2023 at 19.35 p.m. EESTCorrection: In the english stock exchange release  was incorrectly stated the following sentence: ""The Company expects the CE marking application to be approved by the end of the year 2023."" BBS corrects the sentence as follows: ""The Company expects the CE marking application to be approved during the second quarter of year 2024.""BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 millionNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE USA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SINGAPORE OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IS UNLAWFUL.BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 millionBased on authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting on 23 October 2023  the Board of Directors of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc (""BBS"" or the ""Company"") has decided to arrange a rights offering totaling approximately EUR 2.63 million (the ""Offering""). The Offering consists of a maximum of 6 578 481 new shares (the ""Offer Shares"").SummaryApproximately maximum of EUR 2.63 million before transaction costs may be raised in the Offering if fully subscribed.BBS will give all its shareholders registered in BBS's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd (""Euroclear Finland"") one (1) book-entry subscription right (the ""Subscription Right"") for each share held on the Offering record date. Each one hundred (100) Subscription Rights entitles the holder to subscribe for forty-five (45) Offer Shares.The record date for the Offering will be 22 November 2023 with the last day of trading including the Subscription Rights on 20 November 2023 and the first day of trading excluding the Subscription Rights on 21 November 2023.The subscription price is EUR 0.40 per Offer Share. The subscription period for the Offer Shares (the ""Subscription Period"") will commence on 27 November 2023 at 10:00 a.m. Finnish time  and it is expected to end on 13 December 2023 at 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.Net proceeds from the Offering will be used inter alia for successful completion of the ongoing CE marking application process for BBS’ bone implant ARTEBONE® Paste  for initiating the commercialisation of ARTEBONE® Paste and for paying the loan repayments and interest.Reasons for the Offering and use of proceedsBBS is applying for the CE marking for its first product  ARTEBONE® Paste bone implant. On 9 March 2022  BBS submitted the CE marking application to the Notified Body in the Netherlands. The authorities’ original estimate for the processing time was 8 to 12 months from the filing. Subsequently  the processing times have lengthened  as indicated by a survey published by Medtech Europe  such that approvals for new products are not being granted within the original target time framework of one year. The delays are typically due to the authorities being overburdened  in part because the new Medical Device Regulation (MDR) necessitates the re-approval of existing products as well. Due to delays in the processing of the CE marking application  the Company must seek bridge financing to secure its funding until the CE marking is obtained.Despite the delays  ARTEBONE® Paste’s product approval process has made good progress with no significant non-conformities being reported. In May 2023  the Company was informed of the particularly critical decision regarding product classification. ARTEBONE has been a new type of borderline case between medical devices and medicines  and the company became a significant precedent from a regulatory point of view on how such products can overall be given approvals. This is also evidenced by the fact that the company was even included as an example in the industry manual published in 2018 (Manual on borderline and classification in the community regulatory framework for medical devices  version 1.19 (04 2018)).The first audit of the quality system was conducted in November 2022 and the following one in March 2023. On 2 November 2023  the Company announced it had received the quality system certificate from the authorities for advance commenting. The certificate will be officially approved by the relevant body. At the same time  the Company announced that according to the authorities the consultation with the Finnish Medicines Agency (FIMEA) will begin on 21 November 2023. The consultation is one of the final phases of the CE marking process. Alongside the consultation  the official product approval process is underway.The Company expects the CE marking application to be approved during the second quarter of year 2024. Based on the currently available information  the Company’s view is that there are no longer product risks associated with the remaining technical phases of the regulatory approval process. The main actual challenge is predicting the time it will take for the process  which the Company cannot entirely control  as the Notified Body makes decisions independently. In general  a medical device is granted approval if the product meets the safety requirements (its use does not cause harm)  and in addition  the products therapeutic efficacy must be demonstrated for its intended purpose. Both of these aspects are tested and verified through animal tests and clinical trials during the product development phase  before the regulatory approval process is initiated. BBS’s ARTEBONE® Paste has already passed these stages. The final ongoing regulatory approval phase mainly consists of consultations with the Medicines Agency and the finalization of the Company’s production and quality control processes  including test production batches.The Company anticipates that the net proceeds raised through the Offering will be used for executing the Company’s business plan  strengthening working capital and investments  and managing and repaying loans  including but not limited to the following items:1. The principal purpose of the proceeds to be raised is the successful completion of the application process for a CE marking for the BBS bone implant ARTEBONE® Paste  including certification of the Company’s quality system. The funds will also be used for product development  patent portfolio maintenance and production development  and also for the FDA approval application process for gaining marketing authorisation for ARTEBONE® Paste on the US market.2. For initiating the commercialisation of ARTEBONE® Paste  including sales and marketing asset recruitment and training  preparation of marketing materials as well as assessing and contacting initial potential customers.3. For payment of principal instalments and interest of EUR 0.5 million in Business Finland loans that are due in the next 12 months.The estimate of how the proceeds are intended to be used is based on the assumption that the Offering will be subscribed in fullThe estimated portions of the use of proceeds may differ depending on the amount of funds raised and the development of business operations. If the Offering is not subscribed in full  it may not be possible to carry out the planned actions in full  and cost-cutting measures will need to be introduced  which in turn may delay the start of production  marketing and sales.If the Offering is fully subscribed  according to the Company's management's estimate  the Company's working capital will be sufficient for approximately 8 months. The company can influence the sufficiency of the working capital by acquiring additional equity or debt capital or measures to save the Company's expenses.* MedTech Europe Survey -raportti. https://www.medtecheurope.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/medtech-europe-survey-report-analysing-the-availability-of-medical-devices-in-2022-in-connection-to-the-medical-device-regulation-mdr-implementation.pdfTerms of the OfferingThe Company will offer maximum of 6 578 481 Offer Shares for subscription in accordance with the shareholders' preferential subscription right. The main terms for the Offering are presented below.All shareholders registered in BBS's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland will be given one (1) book-entry Subscription Right for each share held in the Company on the Offering record date 22 November 2023. Each one hundred (100) Subscription Rights will entitle their holder to subscribe for forty-five (45) Offer Shares.The Subscription Rights will be registered in the shareholders' book-entry accounts in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland approximately on 23 November 2023.The Subscription Rights registered with Euroclear Finland will be freely transferable and will be traded on First North Growth Market Finland (“First North Finland”) between 27 November 2023 and 7 December 2023.After the subscription  temporary shares corresponding to the Offer Shares subscribed for based on the Subscription Rights (the ""Temporary Shares"") will be entered into the subscriber's book-entry account.Trading in the Temporary Shares is estimated to begin on First North Finland 27 November 2023.The Temporary Shares will be combined with the Company's current shares after the Offer Shares have been registered into the Trade Register  which is estimated to take place on approximately 21 December 2023.Investor Memorandum and the Basic Information DocumentIn connection with the Offering  the Company has prepared this Investor Memorandum (“Investor Memorandum”) as well as a Basic Information Document in accordance with Chapter 3  Section 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) (“Basic Information Document”) with corresponding attachments  both of which are available on the Company’s website http://bbs-artebone.fi/share-issue-2023-11 by 24th of November. The release of the Investor Memorandum will be announced through a separate company announcement.Indicative timetable22 November 2023 Resolution regarding the Offering by the Board of Directors24 November The Investor Memorandum and the Basic Information Document are published27 November 2023 Subscription Period begins (estimate)27 November 2023 Trading in Temporary Shares and Subscription Rights begins on First North Finland (estimate)7 December 2023 Last day of trading on First North Finland in Subscription Rights (estimate)13 December 2023 Subscription Period ends unless extended (estimate)18 December 2023 Outcome of the Offering announced (estimate)21 December 2023 Last day of trading on First North Finland in Temporary Shares (estimate)22 December 2023 Offer Shares delivered to the book-entry accounts of subscribers (estimate)22 December 2023 Trading in Offer Shares begins together with Company’s existing shares on First North Finland (estimate)AdvisersAalto Capital Partners Oy is acting as financial advisor to the Company in the Offering. Smartius Oy is acting as the legal adviser to the Company on aspects of the Offering related to the Finnish law.BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLCFor more information  please contact:Juliusz Rakowski  CEO+358 50 448 5132juliusz.rakowski@bbs-artebone.fiCertified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB +46 70 551 67 29 info@certifiedadviser.seBBS in briefBBS -Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is a orthobiology company that started its operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of complex bone fractures and bone healing issues. Our goal is to provide next-generation medical products for the treatment of bone injuries in orthopedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical industry  the development and research work require perseverance and courage to innovate. We have a track record of over 20 years in this field. Our company is characterized by expertise  innovation  and dedicated employees who are passionate about their work. Our developed product  ARTEBONE®  is in the final stages of product development  and we are seeking the CE marking to enable its commercialization in the EU market. We are based in Oulu with a medical manufacturing facility in Reisjärvi  holding a manufacturing license. The company's headquarters are in Oulu  and we employ 20 people.BBS has been listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland since February 2018.More information: www.bbs-artebone.fiIMPORTANT NOTICEThis release or the information contained therein shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  Singapore  South Africa or the United States. The information contained in this release do not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any area  where offering  procurement of or selling such securities would be unlawful prior to registration or exemption from registration or any other approval required by the securities regulation in such area. This release is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and the rules and regulations issued by virtue of it. BBS has not registered  and does not intend to register  any offering of securities in the United States. No actions have been taken to register the shares or the offering anywhere else than in Finland.The information contained herein shall not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This release is not a prospectus and does not constitute any offer  invitation or investment advice to subscribe for or purchase securities. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any securities or make any investment decisions referred to herein except on the basis of information contained in a prospectus issued by BBS.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.11,0.22,0.67,True,English,"['BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'rights offering', 'CORRECTION', 'maximum', 'ongoing CE marking application process', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'english stock exchange release', 'one (1) book-entry subscription right', 'original target time framework', 'new Medical Device Regulation', 'official product approval process', 'one hundred (100) Subscription Rights', 'ARTEBONE® Paste bone implant', 'community regulatory framework', 'CE marking process', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'main actual challenge', 'regulatory approval process', 'remaining technical phases', 'BBS’ bone implant', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'authorities’ original estimate', 'forty-five (45) Offer Shares', 'Finnish Medicines Agency', 'quality system certificate', 'Offering record date', 'medical devices', 'regulatory point', '6,578,481 new shares', 'first product', 'product risks', 'one year', 'Finnish time', 'final phases', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'new type', 'subscription price', 'subscription period', 'same time', 'product classification', 'new products', 'EEST Correction', 'second quarter', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'transaction costs', 'shareholder register', 'last day', 'first day', 'successful completion', 'loan repayments', 'Notified Body', 'to 12 months', 'Medtech Europe', 'bridge financing', 'good progress', 'significant non-conformities', 'critical decision', 'significant precedent', 'first audit', 'advance commenting', 'relevant body', 'rights offering', 'processing time', 'existing products', 'Insider information', 'following sentence', 'Net proceeds', 'borderline case', 'industry manual', 'Company Announcement', 'November', 'end', 'maximum', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PART', 'USA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'SUCH', 'authorization', '23 October', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Summary', 'shareholders', 'trading', '10:00 a', '13 December', 'commercialisation', 'interest', 'Reasons', 'use', '9 March', 'Netherlands', 'filing', 'survey', 'approvals', 'delays', 'MDR', 'funding', 'May', 'view', 'fact', 'example', 'version', 'consultation', 'FIMEA', '19.35', '4:00']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32927,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2783430/0/en/CORRECTION-BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc-BBS-arranges-a-rights-offering-of-approximately-maximum-EUR-2-63-million.html,CORRECTION: BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc: BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 million,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  20 November 2023 at 18.29 p.m. EEST   Correction: In the english stock......,"BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  20 November 2023 at 18.29 p.m. EESTCorrection: In the english stock exchange releases annex for terms and conditions of the offering “The custodian  account operator or nominee of the shareholder and/or investor shall receive the subscription order and the payment no later than on 23 December 2023 or at an earlier time according to the instructions given by the custodian  account operator or nominee.” was an incorrect date. Below release and corrected annex as a whole.BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 millionNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE USA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SINGAPORE OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IS UNLAWFUL.BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 millionBased on authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting on 23 October 2023  the Board of Directors of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc (""BBS"" or the ""Company"") has decided to arrange a rights offering totaling approximately EUR 2.63 million (the ""Offering""). The Offering consists of a maximum of 6 578 481 new shares (the ""Offer Shares"").SummaryApproximately maximum of EUR 2.63 million before transaction costs may be raised in the Offering if fully subscribed.BBS will give all its shareholders registered in BBS's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd (""Euroclear Finland"") one (1) book-entry subscription right (the ""Subscription Right"") for each share held on the Offering record date. Each one hundred (100) Subscription Rights entitles the holder to subscribe for forty-five (45) Offer Shares.The record date for the Offering will be 22 November 2023 with the last day of trading including the Subscription Rights on 20 November 2023 and the first day of trading excluding the Subscription Rights on 21 November 2023.The subscription price is EUR 0.40 per Offer Share. The subscription period for the Offer Shares (the ""Subscription Period"") will commence on 27 November 2023 at 10:00 a.m. Finnish time  and it is expected to end on 13 December 2023 at 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.Net proceeds from the Offering will be used inter alia for successful completion of the ongoing CE marking application process for BBS’ bone implant ARTEBONE® Paste  for initiating the commercialisation of ARTEBONE® Paste and for paying the loan repayments and interest.Reasons for the Offering and use of proceedsBBS is applying for the CE marking for its first product  ARTEBONE® Paste bone implant. On 9 March 2022  BBS submitted the CE marking application to the Notified Body in the Netherlands. The authorities’ original estimate for the processing time was 8 to 12 months from the filing. Subsequently  the processing times have lengthened  as indicated by a survey published by Medtech Europe  such that approvals for new products are not being granted within the original target time framework of one year. The delays are typically due to the authorities being overburdened  in part because the new Medical Device Regulation (MDR) necessitates the re-approval of existing products as well. Due to delays in the processing of the CE marking application  the Company must seek bridge financing to secure its funding until the CE marking is obtained.Despite the delays  ARTEBONE® Paste’s product approval process has made good progress with no significant non-conformities being reported. In May 2023  the Company was informed of the particularly critical decision regarding product classification. ARTEBONE has been a new type of borderline case between medical devices and medicines  and the company became a significant precedent from a regulatory point of view on how such products can overall be given approvals. This is also evidenced by the fact that the company was even included as an example in the industry manual published in 2018 (Manual on borderline and classification in the community regulatory framework for medical devices  version 1.19 (04 2018)).The first audit of the quality system was conducted in November 2022 and the following one in March 2023. On 2 November 2023  the Company announced it had received the quality system certificate from the authorities for advance commenting. The certificate will be officially approved by the relevant body. At the same time  the Company announced that according to the authorities the consultation with the Finnish Medicines Agency (FIMEA) will begin on 21 November 2023. The consultation is one of the final phases of the CE marking process. Alongside the consultation  the official product approval process is underway.The Company expects the CE marking application to be approved by the end of the year 2023. Based on the currently available information  the Company’s view is that there are no longer product risks associated with the remaining technical phases of the regulatory approval process. The main actual challenge is predicting the time it will take for the process  which the Company cannot entirely control  as the Notified Body makes decisions independently. In general  a medical device is granted approval if the product meets the safety requirements (its use does not cause harm)  and in addition  the products therapeutic efficacy must be demonstrated for its intended purpose. Both of these aspects are tested and verified through animal tests and clinical trials during the product development phase  before the regulatory approval process is initiated. BBS’s ARTEBONE® Paste has already passed these stages. The final ongoing regulatory approval phase mainly consists of consultations with the Medicines Agency and the finalization of the Company’s production and quality control processes  including test production batches.The Company anticipates that the net proceeds raised through the Offering will be used for executing the Company’s business plan  strengthening working capital and investments  and managing and repaying loans  including but not limited to the following items:1. The principal purpose of the proceeds to be raised is the successful completion of the application process for a CE marking for the BBS bone implant ARTEBONE® Paste  including certification of the Company’s quality system. The funds will also be used for product development  patent portfolio maintenance and production development  and also for the FDA approval application process for gaining marketing authorisation for ARTEBONE® Paste on the US market.2. For initiating the commercialisation of ARTEBONE® Paste  including sales and marketing asset recruitment and training  preparation of marketing materials as well as assessing and contacting initial potential customers.3. For payment of principal instalments and interest of EUR 0.5 million in Business Finland loans that are due in the next 12 months.The estimate of how the proceeds are intended to be used is based on the assumption that the Offering will be subscribed in fullThe estimated portions of the use of proceeds may differ depending on the amount of funds raised and the development of business operations. If the Offering is not subscribed in full  it may not be possible to carry out the planned actions in full  and cost-cutting measures will need to be introduced  which in turn may delay the start of production  marketing and sales.If the Offering is fully subscribed  according to the Company's management's estimate  the Company's working capital will be sufficient for approximately 8 months. The company can influence the sufficiency of the working capital by acquiring additional equity or debt capital or measures to save the Company's expenses.* MedTech Europe Survey -raportti. https://www.medtecheurope.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/medtech-europe-survey-report-analysing-the-availability-of-medical-devices-in-2022-in-connection-to-the-medical-device-regulation-mdr-implementation.pdfTerms of the OfferingThe Company will offer maximum of 6 578 481 Offer Shares for subscription in accordance with the shareholders' preferential subscription right. The main terms for the Offering are presented below.All shareholders registered in BBS's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland will be given one (1) book-entry Subscription Right for each share held in the Company on the Offering record date 22 November 2023. Each one hundred (100) Subscription Rights will entitle their holder to subscribe for forty-five (45) Offer Shares.The Subscription Rights will be registered in the shareholders' book-entry accounts in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland approximately on 23 November 2023.The Subscription Rights registered with Euroclear Finland will be freely transferable and will be traded on First North Growth Market Finland (“First North Finland”) between 27 November 2023 and 7 December 2023.After the subscription  temporary shares corresponding to the Offer Shares subscribed for based on the Subscription Rights (the ""Temporary Shares"") will be entered into the subscriber's book-entry account.Trading in the Temporary Shares is estimated to begin on First North Finland 27 November 2023.The Temporary Shares will be combined with the Company's current shares after the Offer Shares have been registered into the Trade Register  which is estimated to take place on approximately 21 December 2023.Investor Memorandum and the Basic Information DocumentIn connection with the Offering  the Company has prepared this Investor Memorandum (“Investor Memorandum”) as well as a Basic Information Document in accordance with Chapter 3  Section 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) (“Basic Information Document”) with corresponding attachments  both of which are available on the Company’s website http://bbs-artebone.fi/share-issue-2023-11 by 24th of November. The release of the Investor Memorandum will be announced through a separate company announcement.Indicative timetable22 November 2023 Resolution regarding the Offering by the Board of Directors24 November The Investor Memorandum and the Basic Information Document are published27 November 2023 Subscription Period begins (estimate)27 November 2023 Trading in Temporary Shares and Subscription Rights begins on First North Finland (estimate)7 December 2023 Last day of trading on First North Finland in Subscription Rights (estimate)13 December 2023 Subscription Period ends unless extended (estimate)18 December 2023 Outcome of the Offering announced (estimate)21 December 2023 Last day of trading on First North Finland in Temporary Shares (estimate)22 December 2023 Offer Shares delivered to the book-entry accounts of subscribers (estimate)22 December 2023 Trading in Offer Shares begins together with Company’s existing shares on First North Finland (estimate)AdvisersAalto Capital Partners Oy is acting as financial advisor to the Company in the Offering. Smartius Oy is acting as the legal adviser to the Company on aspects of the Offering related to the Finnish law.BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLCFor more information  please contact:Juliusz Rakowski  CEO+358 50 448 5132juliusz.rakowski@bbs-artebone.fiCertified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB +46 70 551 67 29 info@certifiedadviser.seBBS in briefBBS -Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is a orthobiology company that started its operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of complex bone fractures and bone healing issues. Our goal is to provide next-generation medical products for the treatment of bone injuries in orthopedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical industry  the development and research work require perseverance and courage to innovate. We have a track record of over 20 years in this field. Our company is characterized by expertise  innovation  and dedicated employees who are passionate about their work. Our developed product  ARTEBONE®  is in the final stages of product development  and we are seeking the CE marking to enable its commercialization in the EU market. We are based in Oulu with a medical manufacturing facility in Reisjärvi  holding a manufacturing license. The company's headquarters are in Oulu  and we employ 20 people.BBS has been listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland since February 2018.More information: www.bbs-artebone.fiIMPORTANT NOTICEThis release or the information contained therein shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  Singapore  South Africa or the United States. The information contained in this release do not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any area  where offering  procurement of or selling such securities would be unlawful prior to registration or exemption from registration or any other approval required by the securities regulation in such area. This release is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and the rules and regulations issued by virtue of it. BBS has not registered  and does not intend to register  any offering of securities in the United States. No actions have been taken to register the shares or the offering anywhere else than in Finland.The information contained herein shall not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This release is not a prospectus and does not constitute any offer  invitation or investment advice to subscribe for or purchase securities. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any securities or make any investment decisions referred to herein except on the basis of information contained in a prospectus issued by BBS.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.11,0.24,0.65,True,English,"['BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'rights offering', 'CORRECTION', 'maximum', 'ongoing CE marking application process', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'one (1) book-entry subscription right', 'original target time framework', 'new Medical Device Regulation', 'official product approval process', 'one hundred (100) Subscription Rights', 'ARTEBONE® Paste bone implant', 'CE marking process', 'community regulatory framework', 'regulatory approval process', 'english stock exchange', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'main actual challenge', 'BBS’ bone implant', 'remaining technical phases', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'authorities’ original estimate', 'forty-five (45) Offer Shares', 'Finnish Medicines Agency', 'quality system certificate', 'Offering record date', 'one year', 'medical devices', 'regulatory point', '6,578,481 new shares', 'first product', 'product risks', 'final phases', 'Finnish time', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'new type', 'subscription order', 'incorrect date', 'subscription price', 'subscription period', 'earlier time', 'same time', 'product classification', 'new products', 'EEST Correction', 'account operator', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'transaction costs', 'last day', 'first day', 'successful completion', 'loan repayments', 'Notified Body', 'to 12 months', 'Medtech Europe', 'bridge financing', 'good progress', 'significant non-conformities', 'critical decision', 'significant precedent', 'first audit', 'advance commenting', 'relevant body', 'processing time', 'rights offering', 'existing products', 'Insider information', 'shareholder register', 'Net proceeds', 'borderline case', 'industry manual', 'Company Announcement', 'November', 'annex', 'terms', 'conditions', 'custodian', 'nominee', 'investor', '23 December', 'instructions', 'release', 'maximum', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PART', 'USA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'SUCH', 'authorization', '23 October', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Summary', 'shareholders', 'trading', '10:00 a', '13 December', 'commercialisation', 'interest', 'Reasons', 'use', '9 March', 'Netherlands', 'filing', 'survey', 'approvals', 'delays', 'MDR', 'funding', 'May', 'view', 'fact', 'example', 'version', 'consultation', 'FIMEA', 'end', '18.29', '4:00']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32928,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2783360/0/en/BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc-BBS-arranges-a-rights-offering-of-approximately-maximum-EUR-2-63-million.html,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc: BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 million,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  20 November 2023 at 17.03 p.m. EEST       BBS arranges a rights offering...,"BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  Insider information  20 November 2023 at 17.03 p.m. EESTBBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 millionNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE USA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SINGAPORE OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IS UNLAWFUL.BBS arranges a rights offering of approximately maximum EUR 2.63 millionBased on authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting on 23 October 2023  the Board of Directors of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc (""BBS"" or the ""Company"") has decided to arrange a rights offering totaling approximately EUR 2.63 million (the ""Offering""). The Offering consists of a maximum of 6 578 481 new shares (the ""Offer Shares"").SummaryApproximately maximum of EUR 2.63 million before transaction costs may be raised in the Offering if fully subscribed.BBS will give all its shareholders registered in BBS's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd (""Euroclear Finland"") one (1) book-entry subscription right (the ""Subscription Right"") for each share held on the Offering record date. Each one hundred (100) Subscription Rights entitles the holder to subscribe for forty-five (45) Offer Shares.The record date for the Offering will be 22 November 2023 with the last day of trading including the Subscription Rights on 20 November 2023 and the first day of trading excluding the Subscription Rights on 21 November 2023.The subscription price is EUR 0.40 per Offer Share. The subscription period for the Offer Shares (the ""Subscription Period"") will commence on 27 November 2023 at 10:00 a.m. Finnish time  and it is expected to end on 13 December 2023 at 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.Net proceeds from the Offering will be used inter alia for successful completion of the ongoing CE marking application process for BBS’ bone implant ARTEBONE® Paste  for initiating the commercialisation of ARTEBONE® Paste and for paying the loan repayments and interest.Reasons for the Offering and use of proceedsBBS is applying for the CE marking for its first product  ARTEBONE® Paste bone implant. On 9 March 2022  BBS submitted the CE marking application to the Notified Body in the Netherlands. The authorities’ original estimate for the processing time was 8 to 12 months from the filing. Subsequently  the processing times have lengthened  as indicated by a survey published by Medtech Europe  such that approvals for new products are not being granted within the original target time framework of one year. The delays are typically due to the authorities being overburdened  in part because the new Medical Device Regulation (MDR) necessitates the re-approval of existing products as well. Due to delays in the processing of the CE marking application  the Company must seek bridge financing to secure its funding until the CE marking is obtained.Despite the delays  ARTEBONE® Paste’s product approval process has made good progress with no significant non-conformities being reported. In May 2023  the Company was informed of the particularly critical decision regarding product classification. ARTEBONE has been a new type of borderline case between medical devices and medicines  and the company became a significant precedent from a regulatory point of view on how such products can overall be given approvals. This is also evidenced by the fact that the company was even included as an example in the industry manual published in 2018 (Manual on borderline and classification in the community regulatory framework for medical devices  version 1.19 (04 2018)).The first audit of the quality system was conducted in November 2022 and the following one in March 2023. On 2 November 2023  the Company announced it had received the quality system certificate from the authorities for advance commenting. The certificate will be officially approved by the relevant body. At the same time  the Company announced that according to the authorities the consultation with the Finnish Medicines Agency (FIMEA) will begin on 21 November 2023. The consultation is one of the final phases of the CE marking process. Alongside the consultation  the official product approval process is underway.The Company expects the CE marking application to be approved by the end of the year 2023. Based on the currently available information  the Company’s view is that there are no longer product risks associated with the remaining technical phases of the regulatory approval process. The main actual challenge is predicting the time it will take for the process  which the Company cannot entirely control  as the Notified Body makes decisions independently. In general  a medical device is granted approval if the product meets the safety requirements (its use does not cause harm)  and in addition  the products therapeutic efficacy must be demonstrated for its intended purpose. Both of these aspects are tested and verified through animal tests and clinical trials during the product development phase  before the regulatory approval process is initiated. BBS’s ARTEBONE® Paste has already passed these stages. The final ongoing regulatory approval phase mainly consists of consultations with the Medicines Agency and the finalization of the Company’s production and quality control processes  including test production batches.The Company anticipates that the net proceeds raised through the Offering will be used for executing the Company’s business plan  strengthening working capital and investments  and managing and repaying loans  including but not limited to the following items:1. The principal purpose of the proceeds to be raised is the successful completion of the application process for a CE marking for the BBS bone implant ARTEBONE® Paste  including certification of the Company’s quality system. The funds will also be used for product development  patent portfolio maintenance and production development  and also for the FDA approval application process for gaining marketing authorisation for ARTEBONE® Paste on the US market.2. For initiating the commercialisation of ARTEBONE® Paste  including sales and marketing asset recruitment and training  preparation of marketing materials as well as assessing and contacting initial potential customers.3. For payment of principal instalments and interest of EUR 0.5 million in Business Finland loans that are due in the next 12 months.The estimate of how the proceeds are intended to be used is based on the assumption that the Offering will be subscribed in fullThe estimated portions of the use of proceeds may differ depending on the amount of funds raised and the development of business operations. If the Offering is not subscribed in full  it may not be possible to carry out the planned actions in full  and cost-cutting measures will need to be introduced  which in turn may delay the start of production  marketing and sales.If the Offering is fully subscribed  according to the Company's management's estimate  the Company's working capital will be sufficient for approximately 8 months. The company can influence the sufficiency of the working capital by acquiring additional equity or debt capital or measures to save the Company's expenses.* MedTech Europe Survey -raportti. https://www.medtecheurope.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/medtech-europe-survey-report-analysing-the-availability-of-medical-devices-in-2022-in-connection-to-the-medical-device-regulation-mdr-implementation.pdfTerms of the OfferingThe Company will offer maximum of 6 578 481 Offer Shares for subscription in accordance with the shareholders' preferential subscription right. The main terms for the Offering are presented below.All shareholders registered in BBS's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland will be given one (1) book-entry Subscription Right for each share held in the Company on the Offering record date 22 November 2023. Each one hundred (100) Subscription Rights will entitle their holder to subscribe for forty-five (45) Offer Shares.The Subscription Rights will be registered in the shareholders' book-entry accounts in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland approximately on 23 November 2023.The Subscription Rights registered with Euroclear Finland will be freely transferable and will be traded on First North Growth Market Finland (“First North Finland”) between 27 November 2023 and 7 December 2023.After the subscription  temporary shares corresponding to the Offer Shares subscribed for based on the Subscription Rights (the ""Temporary Shares"") will be entered into the subscriber's book-entry account.Trading in the Temporary Shares is estimated to begin on First North Finland 27 November 2023.The Temporary Shares will be combined with the Company's current shares after the Offer Shares have been registered into the Trade Register  which is estimated to take place on approximately 21 December 2023.Investor Memorandum and the Basic Information DocumentIn connection with the Offering  the Company has prepared this Investor Memorandum (“Investor Memorandum”) as well as a Basic Information Document in accordance with Chapter 3  Section 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) (“Basic Information Document”) with corresponding attachments  both of which are available on the Company’s website http://bbs-artebone.fi/share-issue-2023-11 by 24th of November. The release of the Investor Memorandum will be announced through a separate company announcement.Indicative timetable22 November 2023 Resolution regarding the Offering by the Board of Directors24 November The Investor Memorandum and the Basic Information Document are published27 November 2023 Subscription Period begins (estimate)27 November 2023 Trading in Temporary Shares and Subscription Rights begins on First North Finland (estimate)7 December 2023 Last day of trading on First North Finland in Subscription Rights (estimate)13 December 2023 Subscription Period ends unless extended (estimate)18 December 2023 Outcome of the Offering announced (estimate)21 December 2023 Last day of trading on First North Finland in Temporary Shares (estimate)22 December 2023 Offer Shares delivered to the book-entry accounts of subscribers (estimate)22 December 2023 Trading in Offer Shares begins together with Company’s existing shares on First North Finland (estimate)AdvisersAalto Capital Partners Oy is acting as financial advisor to the Company in the Offering. Smartius Oy is acting as the legal adviser to the Company on aspects of the Offering related to the Finnish law.BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLCFor more information  please contact:Juliusz Rakowski  CEO+358 50 448 5132juliusz.rakowski@bbs-artebone.fiCertified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB +46 70 551 67 29 info@certifiedadviser.seBBS in briefBBS -Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is a orthobiology company that started its operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of complex bone fractures and bone healing issues. Our goal is to provide next-generation medical products for the treatment of bone injuries in orthopedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical industry  the development and research work require perseverance and courage to innovate. We have a track record of over 20 years in this field. Our company is characterized by expertise  innovation  and dedicated employees who are passionate about their work. Our developed product  ARTEBONE®  is in the final stages of product development  and we are seeking the CE marking to enable its commercialization in the EU market. We are based in Oulu with a medical manufacturing facility in Reisjärvi  holding a manufacturing license. The company's headquarters are in Oulu  and we employ 20 people.BBS has been listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland since February 2018.More information: www.bbs-artebone.fiIMPORTANT NOTICEThis release or the information contained therein shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  Singapore  South Africa or the United States. The information contained in this release do not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any area  where offering  procurement of or selling such securities would be unlawful prior to registration or exemption from registration or any other approval required by the securities regulation in such area. This release is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and the rules and regulations issued by virtue of it. BBS has not registered  and does not intend to register  any offering of securities in the United States. No actions have been taken to register the shares or the offering anywhere else than in Finland.The information contained herein shall not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This release is not a prospectus and does not constitute any offer  invitation or investment advice to subscribe for or purchase securities. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any securities or make any investment decisions referred to herein except on the basis of information contained in a prospectus issued by BBS.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.07,0.24,0.68,True,English,"['BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'rights offering', 'maximum', 'ongoing CE marking application process', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'one (1) book-entry subscription right', 'original target time framework', 'one hundred (100) Subscription Rights', 'ARTEBONE® Paste bone implant', 'new Medical Device Regulation', 'official product approval process', 'community regulatory framework', 'CE marking process', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'main actual challenge', 'BBS’ bone implant', 'remaining technical phases', 'regulatory approval process', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'authorities’ original estimate', 'forty-five (45) Offer Shares', 'Finnish Medicines Agency', 'quality system certificate', 'Offering record date', 'one year', 'regulatory point', '6,578,481 new shares', 'Finnish time', 'medical devices', 'final phases', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'new type', 'subscription price', 'subscription period', 'first product', 'product risks', 'same time', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'transaction costs', 'shareholder register', 'last day', 'first day', 'successful completion', 'loan repayments', 'Notified Body', 'to 12 months', 'Medtech Europe', 'bridge financing', 'good progress', 'significant non-conformities', 'critical decision', 'significant precedent', 'first audit', 'advance commenting', 'relevant body', 'safety requirements', 'therapeutic efficacy', 'intended purpose', 'animal tests', 'clinical trials', 'new products', 'rights offering', 'product classification', 'processing time', 'Insider information', 'Net proceeds', 'existing products', 'borderline case', 'industry manual', 'Company Announcement', 'November', 'EEST', 'maximum', 'RELEASE', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PART', 'USA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'SUCH', 'authorization', '23 October', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Summary', 'shareholders', 'trading', '10:00 a', '13 December', 'commercialisation', 'interest', 'Reasons', 'use', '9 March', 'Netherlands', 'filing', 'survey', 'approvals', 'delays', 'MDR', 'funding', 'May', 'view', 'fact', 'example', 'version', 'consultation', 'FIMEA', 'decisions', 'harm', 'addition', 'aspects', '17.03', '4:00']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32929,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIVENDI-SE-4727/news/Vivendi-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-45400434/,Vivendi : Inside Information / Other news releases -November 20  2023 at 01:18 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)   Paris  November 20  2023   Vivendi: proposed extension of the exercise period of the rights   to sell Lagardère shares to June 15  2025   Vivendi today announced its decision to offer the beneficiaries of Lagardère share tran…,"Paris  November 20  2023 Vivendi: proposed extension of the exercise period of the rights to sell Lagardère shares to June 15  2025 Vivendi today announced its decision to offer the beneficiaries of Lagardère share transfer rights  granted in connection with its public tender offer for Lagardère shares  an extension of the expiry date of those rights  currently set for December 15  2023  to June 15  2025. This proposed extension would align the exercise period of the transfer rights with Lagardère's first full fiscal year in which Vivendi will have been able to fully implement its strategic plan1 following completion of the transaction between Vivendi and the Lagardère group. The proposal will be submitted to a general meeting of the beneficiaries of transfer rights to be convened on December 11  2023. In order for the proposal to take effect  this meeting will require a quorum of at least one fifth of the existing transfer rights  and the proposal must be approved by a two-thirds majority. The other terms and conditions of the transfer rights described in the public tender offer document approved by the French Financial Markets Authority2 on April 12  2022  and set out in the annex hereto  will remain unchanged  in particular their exercise price of €24.10 guaranteed by the presenting institutions underwriting the public tender offer. About Vivendi Since 2014  Vivendi has been building a world-class content  media and communications group. The Group owns leading  highly complementary assets in television and movies (Canal+ Group)  communications (Havas)  magazines (Prisma Media)  video games (Gameloft) and live entertainment and ticketing (Vivendi Village). It also owns a global digital content distribution platform (Dailymotion) and a subsidiary dedicated to providing very high-speed Internet access in Africa (GVA). The combination with Lagardère  subject to the fulfilment of the commitments that Vivendi has proposed to the European Commission  will enable the Group to become the world's third-largest consumer and educational publishing group. Vivendi's various businesses cohesively work together as an integrated industrial group to create greater value. Vivendi is committed to the environment and aims to help mitigate climate change by adopting an approach aligned with the 2015 Paris Agreements. In addition  the Group is helping to build more open  inclusive and responsible societies by supporting diverse and inventive creative works  promoting broader access to culture  education and its businesses  and increasing awareness of 21st century challenges and opportunities. www.vivendi.com See Vivendi's press release dated November 14  2023: https://www.vivendi.com/en/press-release/vivendi-closing-of-the-editis-sale-to- imi/ AMF Visa no. 22-106. The offer document is available at https://www.vivendi.com/en/opa-lagardere-documents/Annex Summary of the main terms and conditions of the transfer rights3 Allocation of the transfer rights In consideration of waiver of the right to participate in the principal leg of Vivendi SE's public tender offer for Lagardère SA  as declared compliant by the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) in its decision no. 222C0835 dated April 12  2022  Vivendi SE granted a transfer right in respect of each Lagardère SA share tendered in the subsidiary leg of that offer  subject to compliance with certain additional conditions. Vivendi SE's financial commitments in respect of the exercise of the transfer rights are guaranteed by BNP Paribas  CIC  Natixis and Société Générale in their capacity as the presenting institutions underwriting the Offer  in accordance with the last subparagraph of Article 231-8 of the General Regulation of the AMF. Characteristics of the transfer rights Each transfer right confers on its holder the right to sell one Lagardère share to Vivendi SE (subject to any adjustments indicated in Section 2.3.4 of the offer document) at a price of €24.10  during the exercise period up to and including December 15  2023  which it is proposed be extended to June 15  2025 (inclusive)(the ""Exercise Period""). The transfer rights are contractual rights that are neither negotiable securities nor financial instruments. They are transferable but non-negotiable. A beneficiary's transfer of its transfer rights is governed by Articles 1321 et seq. of the French Civil Code  and must be notified without delay by the transferor or transferee to Société Générale Securities Services (nantes.gis-op-titres@sgss.socgen.com). The transfer rights are admitted to trading on Euroclear France. The transfer rights are subject to French law. Procedures for exercising the transfer rights Transfer rights that have not been exercised at the end of the Exercise Period will lapse. Société Générale Securities Services (the ""Centralizing Agent"") is responsible for centralizing operations for the exercise of transfer rights. Its fees are paid by Vivendi SE. Each transfer right only carries entitlement to sell a single share to Vivendi SE (subject to any adjustments described in Section 2.3.4 of the offer document) and may only be exercised once. Should a transfer right be exercised  it will automatically be extinguished and must be debited from the account of the beneficiary concerned; the share and the corresponding transfer right will be deposited with the Centralizing Agent at the same time  through its financial intermediary  to be transferred from the account of the beneficiary concerned to that of Vivendi SE. To exercise their transfer rights during the Exercise Period  beneficiaries must submit an exercise request to the financial intermediary administering the account in which their transfer rights are registered and must tender the shares concerned. This application  which must be in accordance with the standard form provided to beneficiaries by their financial intermediary  will specify  in particular: the number of transfer rights exercised  which will correspond to the number of Lagardère SA shares to be sold to Vivendi SE in respect of the exercise of the transfer rights; andthe references of the beneficiary's account to be debited with the number of transfer rights and the number of Lagardère SA shares sold. The financial intermediary must then submit an application form to the Centralizing Agent using the Centralizing Agent's standard form  at the same time as the transfer of the shares and of the corresponding transfer rights. 3 Excerpts from the offer document bearing AMF visa no. 22-106. The offer document is available at https://www.vivendi.com/en/opa-lagardere-documents/",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Inside Information', 'Vivendi', 'November', '01:18', 'Société Générale Securities Services', 'global digital content distribution platform', 'first full fiscal year', 'leading, highly complementary assets', 'Lagardère share transfer rights', 'French Financial Markets Authority2', 'Lagardère SA share', 'one Lagardère share', 'public tender offer document', 'Lagardère shares', 'French Civil Code', 'inventive creative works', '21st century challenges', 'Lagardère group', 'high-speed Internet access', 'educational publishing group', 'integrated industrial group', 'negotiable securities', 'existing transfer rights', 'single share', 'French law', 'one fifth', 'financial instruments', 'broader access', 'financial commitments', 'transfer rights3', 'The Group', 'Canal+ Group', 'contractual rights', 'expiry date', 'strategic plan1', 'two-thirds majority', 'other terms', 'presenting institutions', 'video games', 'live entertainment', 'European Commission', 'largest consumer', 'greater value', 'climate change', 'open, inclusive', 'responsible societies', 'main terms', 'principal leg', 'BNP Paribas', 'last subparagraph', 'General Regulation', 'Euroclear France', 'exercise period', 'communications group', 'general meeting', 'Prisma Media', 'various businesses', '2015 Paris Agreements', 'press release', 'Annex Summary', 'subsidiary leg', 'Centralizing Agent', 'Vivendi Village', 'Vivendi SE', 'AMF Visa', 'additional conditions', 'exercise price', 'extension', 'June', 'decision', 'beneficiaries', 'connection', 'December', 'completion', 'transaction', 'proposal', 'order', 'effect', 'quorum', 'April', 'television', 'movies', 'Havas', 'magazines', 'Gameloft', 'ticketing', 'Dailymotion', 'Africa', 'GVA', 'combination', 'fulfilment', 'world', 'environment', 'approach', 'diverse', 'culture', 'awareness', 'opportunities', 'November', 'editis', 'sale', 'imi', 'opa', 'lagardere-documents', 'Allocation', 'consideration', 'waiver', 'respect', 'compliance', 'CIC', 'Natixis', 'capacity', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Characteristics', 'holder', 'adjustments', 'Section', 'beneficiary', 'delay', 'transferor', 'transferee', 'titres', 'sgss', 'Procedures', 'operations', 'fees', 'entitlement']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32930,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/capgemini-collaborates-euroclear-successful-launch-110000189.html,Capgemini Collaborates with Euroclear for Successful Launch of Digital Financial Market Infrastructure (D-FMI),Capgemini partnered with Euroclear to launch its new D-FMI platform to issue  distribute and settle securities through distributed ledger technology,"New D-FMI platform enables issuance  distribution and settlement of securities through distributed ledger technology to revolutionize capital marketsPARIS  November 21  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Capgemini announced today the recent collaboration with Euroclear to successfully launch its Digital Securities Issuance (D-SI) service  the first key milestone of Euroclear’s Digital Financial Market Infrastructure (D-FMI) strategy. The service enables the issuance  distribution and settlement of fully digital international securities – Digitally Native Notes (DNN) – on distributed ledger technology (DLT).Capgemini acted as the lead system integrator on the D-FMI program  providing a comprehensive range of services  including consulting  design  implementation  and testing. Capgemini was also involved in the overall integration and orchestration of the new D-FMI platform within Euroclear’s existing systems and infrastructure.The success of the D-FMI program marks a substantial stride towards bolstering the industry’s confidence for decentralized futures on a global scale and is an integral piece of Euroclear’s overall strategy to advance digital infrastructure across financial markets. Recognizing the potential of DLT to transform global capital markets  the launch of Euroclear’s D-SI service will support the expansion of innovative capabilities in the post trade space.""Our D-FMI strategy stands as one of the key pillars of our group strategy which starts from our purpose to bring safety  efficiency  and connections to financial markets for sustainable growth. With this launch  we laid the foundation to successfully create a robust and secure platform that will streamline processes  increase transparency  and provide real-time access to critical financial data "" said Antonio Queiroz  Chief Digital Officer at Euroclear.""We are proud to partner with Euroclear to revolutionize the traditional financial market infrastructure through the D-FMI program. This launch is an important milestone in our long-standing partnership with Euroclear to bridge the gap between decentralized and regulated finance "" said Pierre-Olivier Bouée  Head of Financial Services for Continental Europe at Capgemini. ""Our efforts illustrate a commitment to transform the conventional digital asset value chain into an open and shared platform powered by distributed ledger technologies and new operating models.""Story continuesAbout CapgeminiCapgemini is a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided every day by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of nearly 350 000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise  Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs  from strategy and design to operations  fuelled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud  data  AI  connectivity  software  digital engineering  and platforms. The Group reported in 2022 global revenues of €22 billion.Get The Future You Want | www.capgemini.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231121607698/en/ContactsFahd PashaTel.: +1 647 860 3777E-mail: Fahd.Pasha@capgemini.com",neutral,0.38,0.61,0.01,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['Digital Financial Market Infrastructure', 'Successful Launch', 'Capgemini', 'Euroclear', 'D-FMI', 'conventional digital asset value chain', 'traditional financial market infrastructure', 'Digital Financial Market Infrastructure', 'Chief Digital Officer', 'lead system integrator', 'post trade space', 'Pierre-Olivier Bouée', 'new operating models', 'strong 55-year heritage', 'digital international securities', 'first key milestone', 'deep industry expertise', 'critical financial data', 'New D-FMI platform', 'distributed ledger technologies', 'Digital Securities Issuance', 'global capital markets', 'digital infrastructure', 'digital engineering', 'financial markets', 'key pillars', 'secure platform', 'important milestone', 'shared platform', 'Financial Services', 'D-FMI program', 'global scale', 'global leader', '2022 global revenues', 'D-FMI) strategy', 'D-FMI strategy', 'recent collaboration', 'Native Notes', 'comprehensive range', 'overall integration', 'existing systems', 'substantial stride', 'integral piece', 'innovative capabilities', 'sustainable growth', 'real-time access', 'Antonio Queiroz', 'standing partnership', 'regulated finance', 'Continental Europe', 'human energy', 'diverse organization', '350,000 team members', 'entire breadth', 'fast evolving', 'innovative world', 'source version', 'Fahd Pasha', 'Fahd.Pasha', 'ledger technology', 'overall strategy', 'group strategy', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'D-SI) service', 'D-SI service', 'The Group', 'business needs', 'decentralized futures', 'sustainable future', 'distribution', 'settlement', 'PARIS', 'Capgemini', 'Euroclear', 'DNN', 'DLT', 'consulting', 'design', 'implementation', 'testing', 'orchestration', 'success', 'confidence', 'potential', 'launch', 'expansion', 'purpose', 'safety', 'efficiency', 'connections', 'foundation', 'robust', 'processes', 'transparency', 'long', 'gap', 'Head', 'efforts', 'commitment', 'open', 'Story', 'companies', 'power', 'inclusive', 'responsible', '50 countries', 'clients', 'operations', 'cloud', 'connectivity', 'software', 'platforms', 'businesswire', 'news', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'mail']",2023-11-21,2023-11-21,finance.yahoo.com
32931,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/frankfurt-builds-up-clearing-volumes-eu-seeks-pull-business-london-2023-11-21/,Frankfurt builds up clearing volumes as EU seeks to pull business from London,Deutsche Boerse's derivatives arm said on Tuesday that it has been building up volume in its Euribor futures contract in Frankfurt as the European Union vies with London for the multi-billion-euro market post Brexit.,"LONDON  Nov 21 (Reuters) - Deutsche Boerse's (DB1Gn.DE) derivatives arm said on Tuesday that it has been building up volume in its Euribor futures contract in Frankfurt as the European Union vies with London for the multi-billion-euro market post Brexit.The EU wants to significantly relocate the clearing of Euribor futures and euro-denominated interest rate swaps (IRS) out of London  which is now largely cut off from the bloc's financial market and rules since its 2020 exit from the EU.Matthias Graulich  executive board member at Deutsche Boerse's Eurex Clearing said its share in Euribor futures trading and clearing had reached 10% on Nov. 20 since it relaunched the contract on Nov. 1  backed by incentives for customers.The market had previously been dominated by U.S. rival ICE (ICE.N)  with its operations based in London.""It's a very good start in trying to build an alternative liquidity pool. Though it's early days "" Graulich told Reuters. ICE had no immediate comment.EU states and the European Parliament are thrashing out a deal on a draft law that would require banks and asset managers in the bloc to have an ""active account"" with an EU-based clearing house.It is likely that in the initial phase there will be no mandatory minimum clearing volume set for an account  but this could change if not enough clearing shifts.""Ideally the currently discussed softer phase 1 active account requirement would be followed by some substantial transfer of euro derivatives exposures into the EU until phase 2 "" Graulich said.""In this situation a phase 2 with potentially hard thresholds would not be needed anymore.""London Stock Exchange Group's (LSEG.L) LCH dominates clearing of euro IRS  a market in which Eurex is also slowly building up clearing volume  and which is being targeted by the Madrid Exchange too.Brussels has allowed clearers in London to continue serving customers in the bloc until June  2025  though LSEG CEO David Schwimmer said last week he was ""optimistic"" that EU customers will still be allowed to clear in London after that deadline.Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Sharon SingletonOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.21,0.77,0.02,mixed,0.31,0.23,0.46,True,English,"['clearing volumes', 'Frankfurt', 'EU', 'business', 'London', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'softer phase 1 active account requirement', 'euro-denominated interest rate swaps', 'LSEG CEO David Schwimmer', 'mandatory minimum clearing volume', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'executive board member', 'U.S. rival', 'alternative liquidity pool', 'Euribor futures trading', 'EU-based clearing house', 'enough clearing shifts', 'euro derivatives exposures', 'Euribor futures contract', 'Madrid Exchange', 'derivatives arm', 'initial phase', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'European Union', 'good start', 'early days', 'immediate comment', 'European Parliament', 'draft law', 'asset managers', 'substantial transfer', 'hard thresholds', 'euro IRS', 'Huw Jones', 'Sharon Singleton', 'Eurex Clearing', 'multi-billion-euro market', 'financial market', 'EU states', 'Matthias Graulich', 'EU customers', 'Tuesday', 'Frankfurt', 'Brexit', 'bloc', 'rules', '2020 exit', 'share', 'Nov.', 'incentives', 'ICE', 'operations', 'deal', 'banks', 'situation', 'LCH', 'Brussels', 'clearers', 'June', 'deadline', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2023-11-21,2023-11-21,reuters.com
32932,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.boersen-zeitung.de/english/deutsche-bank-relies-on-partnerships-in-artificial-intelligence,Deutsche Bank relies on partnerships in artificial intelligence,At the Euro Finance Week  everything revolves around artificial intelligence on Wednesday. Bernd Leukert  CIO of Deutsche Bank  sees it primarily as support.,"Deutsche Bank is strongly emphasizing technology partnerships  including collaborations with Google and Nvidia. ""For Deutsche Bank  the partnership theme was a fundamental change in strategy "" said Leukert. Until 2019  the prevailing view within the bank was to develop  build  and control as much as possible. However  in the end  the realization was that they are not an IT company but a bank. ""We cannot invest billions in basic technologies and remain competitive at the same time "" said the long-time SAP executive  who is also interested in collaborating with fintechs.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Deutsche Bank', 'artificial intelligence', 'partnerships', 'long-time SAP executive', 'technology partnerships', 'partnership theme', 'fundamental change', 'prevailing view', 'IT company', 'basic technologies', 'same time', 'Deutsche Bank', 'collaborations', 'Google', 'Nvidia', 'strategy', 'Leukert', 'end', 'realization', 'billions', 'fintechs']",2023-11-21,2023-11-21,boersen-zeitung.de
32933,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2782927/0/en/Delisting-of-RoodMicrotec-effective-as-per-18-December-2023.html,Delisting of RoodMicrotec effective as per 18 December 2023,This is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. (“RoodMicrotec”) and Microtest S.p.A. (“Microtest”). This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction in which s…,This is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. (“RoodMicrotec”) and Microtest S.p.A. (“Microtest”). This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful.Vicopisano  Italy / Deventer  the Netherlands  20 November 2023With reference to the joint press release by RoodMicrotec and Microtest dated 13 November 2023  in connection with Microtest holding more than 95% of the issued and outstanding shares in RoodMicrotec (“Shares”) following completion of the public offer made by Microtest for all Shares  and following their request to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (“Euronext”) to approve the delisting of the Shares from Euronext Amsterdam  RoodMicrotec and Microtest announce that the last trading date of the Shares shall be on 15 December 2023 and the delisting of the Shares from Euronext shall occur on 18 December 2023.For more information:Huijskens Sassen CommunicationsClemens Sassen+31 6 46 11 11 89clemens@hscomms.nlThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Delisting', 'RoodMicrotec', '18 December', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Microtest S.p.A.', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'last trading date', 'Huijskens Sassen Communications', 'RoodMicrotec N.V.', 'joint press release', 'public offer', 'Clemens Sassen', 'outstanding shares', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'jurisdiction', 'Vicopisano', 'Italy', 'Deventer', 'Netherlands', 'reference', 'connection', 'completion', 'request', 'delisting', '15 December', '18 December', 'information', 'hscomms', 'meaning', 'article', 'Attachment']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32934,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2782927/0/de/Delisting-of-RoodMicrotec-effective-as-per-18-December-2023.html,Delisting of RoodMicrotec effective as per 18 December 2023,This is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. (“RoodMicrotec”) and Microtest S.p.A. (“Microtest”). This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction in which s…,This is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. (“RoodMicrotec”) and Microtest S.p.A. (“Microtest”). This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful.Vicopisano  Italy / Deventer  the Netherlands  20 November 2023With reference to the joint press release by RoodMicrotec and Microtest dated 13 November 2023  in connection with Microtest holding more than 95% of the issued and outstanding shares in RoodMicrotec (“Shares”) following completion of the public offer made by Microtest for all Shares  and following their request to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (“Euronext”) to approve the delisting of the Shares from Euronext Amsterdam  RoodMicrotec and Microtest announce that the last trading date of the Shares shall be on 15 December 2023 and the delisting of the Shares from Euronext shall occur on 18 December 2023.For more information:Huijskens Sassen CommunicationsClemens Sassen+31 6 46 11 11 89clemens@hscomms.nlThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Anhang,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['Delisting', 'RoodMicrotec', '18 December', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Microtest S.p.A.', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'last trading date', 'Huijskens Sassen Communications', 'RoodMicrotec N.V.', 'joint press release', 'public offer', 'Clemens Sassen', 'outstanding shares', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'jurisdiction', 'Vicopisano', 'Italy', 'Deventer', 'Netherlands', 'reference', 'connection', 'completion', 'request', 'delisting', '15 December', '18 December', 'information', 'hscomms', 'meaning', 'article', 'Anhang']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32935,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROODMICROTEC-N-V-6435/news/Delisting-of-RoodMicrotec-effective-as-per-18-December-2023-45394952/,Delisting of RoodMicrotec effective as per 18 December 2023,(marketscreener.com) This is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. and Microtest S.p.A. . This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction in which such relea…,Official press release from ROODMICROTEC N.V.This is a joint press release by RoodMicrotec N.V. (“RoodMicrotec”) and Microtest S.p.A. (“Microtest”). This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful.Vicopisano  Italy / Deventer  the Netherlands  20 November 2023With reference to the joint press release by RoodMicrotec and Microtest dated 13 November 2023  in connection with Microtest holding more than 95% of the issued and outstanding shares in RoodMicrotec (“Shares”) following completion of the public offer made by Microtest for all Shares  and following their request to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (“Euronext”) to approve the delisting of the Shares from Euronext Amsterdam  RoodMicrotec and Microtest announce that the last trading date of the Shares shall be on 15 December 2023 and the delisting of the Shares from Euronext shall occur on 18 December 2023.For more information:Huijskens Sassen CommunicationsClemens Sassen+31 6 46 11 11 89clemens@hscomms.nlThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Delisting', 'RoodMicrotec', '18 December', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Microtest S.p.A.', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'last trading date', 'Huijskens Sassen Communications', 'ROODMICROTEC N.V.', 'Official press release', 'joint press release', 'public offer', 'Clemens Sassen', 'outstanding shares', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'jurisdiction', 'Vicopisano', 'Italy', 'Deventer', 'Netherlands', 'reference', 'connection', 'completion', 'request', 'delisting', '15 December', '18 December', 'information', 'hscomms', 'meaning', 'article', 'Attachment']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32936,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/2CRSi-SA-Repayment-of-non-converted-bonds-45399939/,2CRSi SA: Repayment of non-converted bonds -November 20  2023 at 11:47 am EST,(marketscreener.com) 2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: Repayment of non-converted bonds 20-Nov-2023 / 17:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement…,Press releaseRepayment of non-converted bondsStrasbourg (France)  November 20  2023 - 2CRSi (ISIN code: FR0013341781)  designer and manufacturer of high-performance  energy-efficient IT solutions  announces the early repayment of the balance of the convertible bond issued in December 2022.This €2.4 million non-interest-bearing convertible bond issue was subscribed by European investors with a maturity date of December 28  2024.The amount redeemed on Friday November 17 was €1.201 million  covering all the bonds that had not been converted.The number of shares created by the converted bonds is 1 065 927  bringing 2CRSi's share capital to €1 705 687.11 divided into 18 952 079 shares.Next meeting: Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on November 30  2023.About 2CRSiFounded in Strasbourg  the 2CRSi group designs  produces and markets customized  eco-responsible high-performance IT servers. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN Code: FR0013341781)  and its shares were transferred to Euronext Growth in November 2022.For more information: 2crsi.comContacts2CRSi,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,True,English,"['2CRSi SA', 'converted bonds', 'Repayment', 'non', 'November', 'customized, eco-responsible high-performance IT servers', '€2.4 million non-interest-bearing convertible bond issue', 'high-performance, energy-efficient IT solutions', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Next meeting', 'Press release', 'ISIN code', 'European investors', 'maturity date', 'share capital', 'early repayment', 'Euronext Growth', 'converted bonds', 'Friday November', '2CRSi group', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'balance', 'December', 'amount', 'number', 'shares', 'Shareholders', 'markets', 'June', 'Paris', 'information', 'Contacts2CRSi']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32937,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2783098/0/en/OTC-Markets-Group-Welcomes-d-Amico-International-Shipping-SA-to-OTCQX.html,OTC Markets Group Welcomes d'Amico International Shipping SA to OTCQX,NEW YORK  Nov. 20  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM)  operator of regulated markets for 12 000 U.S. and international securities  today announced d'Amico International Shipping SA (Euronext STAR Milan: DIS; OTCQX: DMCOF)  an intern…,NEW YORK  Nov. 20  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM)  operator of regulated markets for 12 000 U.S. and international securities  today announced d'Amico International Shipping SA (Euronext STAR Milan: DIS; OTCQX: DMCOF)  an international marine transportation company operating in the product tanker market  has qualified to trade on the OTCQX® Best Market. d'Amico International Shipping upgraded to OTCQX from the Pink® market.d'Amico International Shipping SA begins trading today on OTCQX under the symbol “DMCOF.” U.S. investors can find current financial disclosure and Real-Time Level 2 quotes for the company on www.otcmarkets.com.Upgrading to the OTCQX Market is an important step for companies seeking to provide transparent trading for their U.S. investors. For companies listed on a qualified international exchange  streamlined market standards enable them to utilize their home market reporting to make their information available in the U.S. To qualify for OTCQX  companies must meet high financial standards  follow best practice corporate governance and demonstrate compliance with applicable securities laws.Paolo d’Amico  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of d’Amico International Shipping  stated: “I am pleased to announce that as of Nov. 20  2023  DIS’ shares will be available for trading on the OTCQX Market in New York. This initiative aims to enhance the Company's visibility among U.S. investors  offering them a more transparent and efficient platform to trade our stock. U.S. investors will gain access to the same level of information and data that we currently provide in European markets. We view this development as a significant step forward for DIS  as it will help us expand our shareholder base within the world's largest investment community. This  in turn  should increase the liquidity of our stock  and thereby support our share price  generating value for our Shareholders.”Fearnley Securities Inc. acted as the company’s OTCQX sponsor.About d'Amico International Shipping SADIS provides maritime transportation services. The company operates a fleet of product tanker vessels  primarily engaged in the transportation of refined oil products. The DIS Group controlled as at September 30 2023  either through ownership or charter arrangements  a modern fleet of 36.0 product tankers. DIS Group’s product tanker vessels range from approximately 36 000 to 75 000 dwt.About OTC Markets Group Inc.OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM) operates regulated markets for trading 12 000 U.S. and international securities. Our data-driven disclosure standards form the foundation of our three public markets: OTCQX® Best Market  OTCQB® Venture Market and Pink® Open Market.Our OTC Link® Alternative Trading Systems (ATSs) provide critical market infrastructure that broker-dealers rely on to facilitate trading. Our innovative model offers companies more efficient access to the U.S. financial markets.OTC Link ATS  OTC Link ECN and OTC Link NQB are each an SEC regulated ATS  operated by OTC Link LLC  a FINRA and SEC registered broker-dealer  member SIPC.To learn more about how we create better informed and more efficient markets  visit www.otcmarkets.com.Subscribe to the OTC Markets RSS FeedMedia Contact:OTC Markets Group Inc.  +1 (212) 896-4428  media@otcmarkets.com,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,positive,0.74,0.24,0.02,True,English,"['Amico International Shipping SA', 'OTC Markets Group', 'OTCQX', 'OTC Markets RSS Feed Media Contact', 'OTC Link® Alternative Trading Systems', 'SEC registered broker-dealer, member', 'best practice corporate governance', 'OTC Markets Group Inc.', 'Amico International Shipping SA', 'U.S. financial markets', 'international marine transportation company', 'OTC Link ATS', 'OTC Link ECN', 'OTC Link NQB', 'OTC Link LLC', 'Paolo d’Amico', 'three public markets', 'current financial disclosure', 'high financial standards', 'Fearnley Securities Inc.', 'qualified international exchange', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'largest investment community', 'refined oil products', 'data-driven disclosure standards', 'SEC regulated ATS', 'product tanker vessels', 'streamlined market standards', 'home market reporting', 'OTCQB® Venture Market', 'critical market infrastructure', 'maritime transportation services', 'U.S. investors', 'Real-Time Level 2 quotes', 'applicable securities laws', 'product tanker market', 'Pink® Open Market', 'The DIS Group', 'OTCQX® Best Market', 'international securities', 'regulated markets', '12,000 U.S.', 'European markets', 'efficient markets', 'Pink® market', '36.0 product tankers', 'same level', 'OTCQX Market', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'important step', 'efficient platform', 'significant step', 'shareholder base', 'share price', 'charter arrangements', '36,000 to 75,000 dwt', 'innovative model', 'OTCQX sponsor', 'transparent trading', 'modern fleet', 'efficient access', 'OTCM', 'operator', 'DMCOF', 'symbol', 'Upgrading', 'companies', 'information', 'compliance', 'Chairman', 'Nov.', 'shares', 'initiative', 'visibility', 'stock', 'development', 'world', 'turn', 'liquidity', 'value', 'Shareholders', 'September', 'ownership', 'foundation', 'ATSs', 'broker-dealers', 'FINRA', 'SIPC', 'informed']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32938,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALLFUNDS-GROUP-PLC-121986190/news/Allfunds-reports-on-the-progress-of-its-share-buyback-programme-45400119/,Allfunds : reports on the progress of its share buyback programme -November 20  2023 at 12:12 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  London/Madrid/Amsterdam - Allfunds Group plc informs today that  under its share buyback programme announced on 28 July 2023  39 608 of its own ordinary shares have been repurchased during the week of 13 November 2023 up to and includin…,"London/Madrid/Amsterdam - Allfunds Group plc (""Allfunds"") (TICKER: ALLFG) informs today that  under its share buyback programme announced on 28 July 2023  39 608 of its own ordinary shares have been repurchased during the week of 13 November 2023 up to and including 17 November 2023 on Euronext Amsterdam. The shares were repurchased at an average price of €5.70 per share. The total consideration of the repurchase was €225 912.09.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 8 878 346 ordinary shares for a total consideration of €47 075 370.37. To date approximately 94.15% of the maximum total value of the first tranche of the share buyback programme has been completed.The buyback is being carried out under the authority to purchase own shares granted by the shareholders of Allfunds at its annual general meeting held on 9 May 2023 and in compliance with the requirements set out in article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Chapter II of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.For detailed information on the individual share purchase transactions  see the Allfunds investor website at: https://investors.allfunds.com/share_info#share_programme.This press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligation set out in Article 2(2) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.",neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Allfunds', 'reports', 'progress', 'November', '12:12', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'annual general meeting', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'maximum total value', 'Allfunds Group plc', 'Allfunds investor website', 'share buyback programme', 'total consideration', 'total number', 'average price', 'first tranche', 'detailed information', 'press release', 'reporting obligation', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ordinary shares', 'London', 'Madrid', 'TICKER', 'ALLFG', '28 July', 'week', '13 November', '17 November', 'repurchase', 'date', 'authority', 'shareholders', '9 May', 'compliance', 'requirements', 'article', 'Chapter', 'investors', 'connection', 'disclosure']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32939,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2783450/0/en/Update-share-buyback-program-20-November-2023.html,Update share buyback program (20 November 2023),Update share buyback program (20 November 2023)  Regulated information  20 November 2023 - 17.45 CET  On 22 September 2023  Kinepolis Group announced...,Update share buyback program (20 November 2023)Regulated information20 November 2023 - 17.45 CETOn 22 September 2023  Kinepolis Group announced the launch of its Share buyback program to cover share options. This program started on 25 September 2023 and ends on 24 March 2024 at the latest. Under this program  Kinepolis Group may buy back  through the appointed independent intermediary  up to 151 000 shares on Euronext Brussels for a total maximum amount of € 8 million.During the period from 13 November 2023 to 17 November 2023  the following transactions were carried out on Euronext Brussels under this program:Date Number of shares Average price (EUR)1Lowest price (EUR)Highest price(EUR) Total(EUR) 13/11/2023 1 801 € 47.45 € 47.25 € 47.50 € 85 465.05 14/11/2023 601 € 47.62 € 47.25 € 47.70 € 28 622.25 15/11/2023 2 098 € 47.63 € 47.40 € 47.80 € 99 933.80 16/11/2023 700 € 47.40 € 47.40 € 47.40 € 33 180.00 17/11/2023 900 € 47.33 € 47.25 € 47.40 € 42 595.80 Total 6 100 € 289 796.90As a result of the aforementioned transactions  the Company holds 544 021 own shares on the date of 17 November 2023.This information as well as the summary of the buybacks since the start of the Share buyback program can be found on the website http://investors.kinepolis.com.KINEPOLIS GROUP NVPublic limited company in the capacity of a listed companyEeuwfeestlaan 20  1020 BrusselsEnterprise Number BE 0415.928.179 RLP Brussels1 Rounded to two decimals after the comma.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.76,0.21,0.03,True,English,"['Update share buyback program', 'Update share buyback program', 'total maximum amount', 'Public limited company', '1020 Brussels Enterprise Number', 'KINEPOLIS GROUP NV', 'share options', 'Euronext Brussels', '79 RLP Brussels', 'independent intermediary', 'Date Number', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'listed company', 'two decimals', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'to 151,000 shares', '20 November', '17.45 CET', '22 September', 'launch', '25 September', '24 March', 'period', '13 November', '17 November', 'result', 'summary', 'buybacks', 'start', 'website', 'investors', 'capacity', 'Eeuwfeestlaan', 'comma', '544,021']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32940,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VENTE-UNIQUE-COM-42547900/news/Vente-unique-com-Disclosure-of-trading-in-own-shares-45400084/,Vente-unique.com : Disclosure of trading in own shares -November 20  2023 at 12:05 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Press release 20 November 2023. Vente-unique.com  an expert in online sales of furniture and home furnishings in Europe  declares that it has bought back its own shares in accordance with Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation : …,"Official press release from VENTE-UNIQUE.COMPress release20 November 2023. Vente-unique.com  an expert in online sales of furniture and home furnishings in Europe  declares that it has bought back its own shares in accordance with Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR):Name of issuer Issuer identifier code Day of transaction Financial instrument identifier code Total daily volume (number of shares) Weighted average daily share acquisition price Market vente-unique.com 969500QGLYZDJ8QZOT70 15/11/2023 FR0010766667 1 066 11.138274 ALXPNext publication: FY 2022-2023 results  Tuesday 9 January 2024Read more on bourse.vente-unique.comAbout Vente-unique.comCreated in 2006  Vente-unique.com (Euronext Growth - ALVU)  a subsidiary of the CAFOM Group (Euronext - CAFO)  is an expert in online revenues of furniture and home furnishings in Europe. The company covers 11 countries (France  Germany  Austria  Belgium  Spain  Italy  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Poland  Portugal and Switzerland) and has supplied over 2.3 million customers since its launch. In 2023  Vente-unique.com generated revenues of €202 million  up 18%.ACTUS finance & communication Jérôme Fabreguettes Leib Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt Investor relations Press relations vente-unique@actus.fr acdudicourt@actus.fr + 33 1 53 67 36 78 + 33 1 53 67 36 32This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xnBsYJluaGedyGtsl5llbWlkm2hjxmCYbZOYm5eeYpqWa3Jpxpxhmp2eZnFjnmxr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Transaction in own shares (aggregate version) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82975-vu_cp_rachat_actions_13-17_11_2023_eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.49,0.5,True,English,"['Disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', 'November', '12:05', 'Jérôme Fabreguettes Leib Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt Investor relations', 'average daily share acquisition price', 'Financial instrument identifier code', 'Total daily volume', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'FY 2022-2023 results', 'Official press release', 'original press release', 'issuer Issuer identifier', 'Press relations', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'code Day', 'VENTE-UNIQUE.COM', 'online sales', 'home furnishings', 'Next publication', 'CAFOM Group', '2.3 million customers', 'Regulated information', 'aggregate version', 'Euronext Growth', 'online revenues', 'ACTUS finance', '20 November', 'expert', 'furniture', 'Europe', 'shares', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Name', 'transaction', 'number', '969500QGLYZDJ8QZOT70', 'ALXP', 'Tuesday', 'January', 'bourse', 'ALVU', 'subsidiary', 'company', '11 countries', 'France', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'Luxembourg', 'Netherlands', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Switzerland', 'launch', 'communication', 'acdudicourt', 'xnBsYJluaGedyGtsl5llbWlkm2hjxmCYbZOYm5eeYpqWa3Jpxpxhmp2eZnFjnmxr', 'disposal', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KINEPOLIS-GROUP-NV-16805128/news/Update-share-buyback-program-20-November-2023-45399935/,Update share buyback program (20 November 2023),(marketscreener.com) Update share buyback program Regulated information 20 November 2023 - 17.45 CET On 22 September 2023  Kinepolis Group announced the launch of its Share buyback program to cover share options. This program started on 25 September 2023 and …,Official press release from KINEPOLIS GROUP NVUpdate share buyback program (20 November 2023)Regulated information20 November 2023 - 17.45 CETOn 22 September 2023  Kinepolis Group announced the launch of its Share buyback program to cover share options. This program started on 25 September 2023 and ends on 24 March 2024 at the latest. Under this program  Kinepolis Group may buy back  through the appointed independent intermediary  up to 151 000 shares on Euronext Brussels for a total maximum amount of € 8 million.During the period from 13 November 2023 to 17 November 2023  the following transactions were carried out on Euronext Brussels under this program:Date Number of shares Average price (EUR)1Lowest price (EUR)Highest price(EUR) Total(EUR) 13/11/2023 1 801 € 47.45 € 47.25 € 47.50 € 85 465.05 14/11/2023 601 € 47.62 € 47.25 € 47.70 € 28 622.25 15/11/2023 2 098 € 47.63 € 47.40 € 47.80 € 99 933.80 16/11/2023 700 € 47.40 € 47.40 € 47.40 € 33 180.00 17/11/2023 900 € 47.33 € 47.25 € 47.40 € 42 595.80 Total 6 100 € 289 796.90As a result of the aforementioned transactions  the Company holds 544 021 own shares on the date of 17 November 2023.This information as well as the summary of the buybacks since the start of the Share buyback program can be found on the website http://investors.kinepolis.com.KINEPOLIS GROUP NVPublic limited company in the capacity of a listed companyEeuwfeestlaan 20  1020 BrusselsEnterprise Number BE 0415.928.179 RLP Brussels1 Rounded to two decimals after the comma.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.7,0.27,0.03,True,English,"['Update share buyback program', 'Update share buyback program', 'Official press release', 'total maximum amount', 'Public limited company', '1020 Brussels Enterprise Number', 'KINEPOLIS GROUP NV', 'share options', 'Euronext Brussels', 'RLP Brussels', 'independent intermediary', 'Date Number', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'listed company', 'two decimals', 'to 151,000 shares', '544,021 own shares', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', '20 November', '17.45 CET', '22 September', 'launch', '25 September', '24 March', 'period', '13 November', '17 November', 'result', 'summary', 'buybacks', 'start', 'website', 'investors', 'capacity', 'Eeuwfeestlaan', 'comma']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OCI-N-V-14111730/news/OCI-N-Fertiglobe-Ships-World-s-First-ISCC-PLUS-Certified-Renewable-Ammonia-45396639/,OCI N : Fertiglobe Ships World’s First ISCC PLUS Certified Renewable* Ammonia -November 20  2023 at 05:58 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  OCI Global   Fertiglobe   the strategic partnership between ADNOC and OCI Global   today announced that it has completed the first shipment of the world's first internationally recognized renewable ammonia1 with ISCC PLUS certification.…,"OCI Global (Euronext: OCI)  Fertiglobe (ADX: FERTIGLB)  the strategic partnership between ADNOC and OCI Global (Euronext: OCI)  today announced that it has completed the first shipment of the world's first internationally recognized renewable ammonia1 with ISCC PLUS (International Sustainability and Carbon Certification) certification. The renewable ammonia was produced at the company's facilities in Egypt using green hydrogen from the Egypt Green Hydrogen electrolyzer and will go into the production of near-zero emissions synthetic soda ash - a key ingredient in laundry powder - for Unilever.This world-first shipment  facilitated by OCI Global  demonstrates Fertiglobe's commitment to decarbonizing industries  delivering on its sustainability agenda and supporting the global energy transition. The shipment was sent to Tuticorin Alkali Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited (TFL) who will produce the soda ash for Unilever's India business  Hindustan Unilever (HUL).Ahmed El-Hoshy  CEO of Fertiglobe and OCI Global  commented: ""This shipment is an important milestone for Fertiglobe  a breakthrough in producing and supplying renewable ammonia to the world  and for the ongoing execution of our hydrogen roadmap. As a pioneer in renewable ammonia  we see immense potential in its ability to decarbonize industries and drive the global energy transition. Looking ahead  we are committed to leveraging our state-of-the-art ammonia facilities and global distribution infrastructure to expand our low-carbon ammonia capacity to meet growing demand and further reduce the carbon footprint of our business.""Fertiglobe is pursuing several sustainability projects  notably the Egypt Green Hydrogen project in partnership with Scatec  Orascom Construction  the Egyptian Electricity Transmission Company  and the Sovereign Fund of Egypt. Once completed  this project will have the capacity to produce up to 15 000 tons per annum (tpa) of green hydrogen  serving as feedstock for producing up to 90 000 tpa of renewable ammonia at Fertiglobe's facilities located in the Suez Canal Economic Zone in Egypt. Other Fertiglobe initiatives include the Ta'ziz 1 million tpa low-carbon ammonia project  the low-carbon ammonia pilot in the UAE at Fertil and the green hydrogen project in the UAE.Further details about the pioneering near zero-emissions soda ash can be found here.1Attributed via mass balance accounting.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['First ISCC PLUS Certified Renewable* Ammonia', 'Fertiglobe Ships World', 'OCI N', 'November', '05', ""Ta'ziz 1 million tpa low-carbon ammonia project"", 'zero emissions synthetic soda ash', 'Suez Canal Economic Zone', 'Egyptian Electricity Transmission Company', 'Egypt Green Hydrogen electrolyzer', 'Egypt Green Hydrogen project', 'low-carbon ammonia pilot', 'zero-emissions soda ash', 'up to 90,000 tpa', 'low-carbon ammonia capacity', 'Tuticorin Alkali Chemicals', 'up to 15,000 tons', 'mass balance accounting', 'global energy transition', 'global distribution infrastructure', 'several sustainability projects', 'art ammonia facilities', 'Other Fertiglobe initiatives', 'renewable ammonia', 'hydrogen roadmap', 'International Sustainability', 'sustainability agenda', 'OCI Global', 'ISCC PLUS', 'key ingredient', 'laundry powder', 'Fertilisers Limited', 'Ahmed El-Hoshy', 'important milestone', 'ongoing execution', 'immense potential', 'growing demand', 'carbon footprint', 'Orascom Construction', 'Sovereign Fund', 'Further details', 'strategic partnership', 'first shipment', 'Carbon Certification', 'decarbonizing industries', 'India business', 'Hindustan Unilever', 'Euronext', 'ADX', 'FERTIGLB', 'ADNOC', 'world', 'production', 'commitment', 'TFL', 'HUL', 'CEO', 'breakthrough', 'pioneer', 'state', 'Scatec', 'annum', 'feedstock', 'UAE']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2783460/0/en/McPhy-Monthly-information-relating-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-outstanding-shares.html,McPhy : Monthly information relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares,Monthly information relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares In accordance with articles L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers General Regulation,"Monthly informationrelating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding sharesIn accordance with articles L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and223-16 of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers General RegulationReporting company :Corporate name: McPhy EnergyPublic Limited company ( société anonyme ) with Board of Directors) with Board of Directors Registered office: 79 rue Général Mangin  38100 GrenobleRegistered under number 502 205 917 R.C.S. GrenobleEuronext Paris Compartment B (ISIN code: FR0011742329 - MCPHY)Date Total number of outstanding shares Total number of voting rights* Gross Net 31.10.2023 27 977 800 29 920 078 28 722 422* Total number of voting rights (i) ""gross"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including those deprived of voting rights  (ii) ""net"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached after deductionAttachment",neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Monthly information', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', 'McPhy', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers General Regulation', '79 rue Général Mangin', 'McPhy Energy Public Limited company', 'R.C.S. Grenoble', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'French Commercial Code', 'Reporting company', 'ISIN code', 'Monthly information', 'voting rights', 'Corporate name', 'société', 'Gross Net', 'deduction Attachment', 'total number', 'outstanding shares', '38100 Grenoble', 'accordance', 'articles', 'Board', 'Directors', 'office', 'Date', 'basis']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32944,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELEPERFORMANCE-SE-4709/news/Teleperformance-Inside-Information-Operations-of-the-issuer-acquisitions-sales--45400868/,Teleperformance : Inside Information / Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  sales...) -November 20  2023 at 03:16 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   This is a press release issued by Teleperformance SE in connection with the right of Teleperformance to squeeze-out the holders of the Remaining Shares pursuant to Article 15 of the Luxembourg Takeover Law following…,"PRESS RELEASE This is a press release issued by Teleperformance SE (""Teleperformance"") in connection with the right of Teleperformance to squeeze-out the holders of the Remaining Shares (as defined below) pursuant to Article 15 of the Luxembourg Takeover Law (as defined below) following the public offer (the ""Offer"") by Teleperformance for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares (ISIN LU2382956378) in the capital of Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (""Majorel"") (the ""Shares""  and each holder of such Shares  a ""Shareholder""). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities in Teleperformance or Majorel. This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  any jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful. Terms not defined in this press release have the meaning set forth in the offer memorandum approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten  or ""AFM"")  which has been published on 11 August 2023 (the ""Offer Memorandum"")  and subject to the restrictions set forth therein. Teleperformance exercises its right of squeeze-out following the Offer for Majorel Paris  20 November 2023 - Following the successful completion of the Offer  Teleperformance holds 99 905 004 Shares  representing approximately 99.91% of the capital carrying voting rights and voting rights in Majorel. Teleperformance hereby announces that it is exercising its right of squeeze-out pursuant to Article 15 (2) of the Luxembourg law of 19 May 2006 on takeover bids (the ""Luxembourg Takeover Law"") to acquire the remaining 94 996 Shares that have not been tendered under the Offer (the ""Remaining Shares""). Terms of the squeeze-out Price per Remaining Share The Remaining Shares will be acquired at the Cash Consideration offered by Teleperformance under the Offer (i.e.  EUR 30.00 per Remaining Share). The CSSF has raised no objection that the Cash Consideration offered by Teleperformance under the Offer (i.e.  EUR 30.00 per Remaining Share) constitutes a fair price for the squeeze-out proceedings in accordance with Article 15 (5) of the Luxembourg Takeover Law. Suspension of trading Teleperformance has requested Euronext to suspend trading of the Shares as of 24 November 2023 which is prior to the implementation of the squeeze-out. Therefore  the last trading date will be 23 November 2023. Transfer of the Remaining Shares to Teleperformance and payment of Cash Consideration Teleperformance will acquire the Remaining Shares by operation of law. The record date for the squeeze-out on the Remaining Shares will be 27 November 2023 with a settlement and payment on 28 November 2023. Ownership of the Remaining Shares will be transferred to Teleperformance on 28 November 2023 against payment by 1Teleperformance of the Cash Consideration  namely EUR 30.00 per Remaining Share and EUR 2 849 880.00 in aggregate for all the Remaining Shares. For the purpose of the transfer of the ownership of the Remaining Shares to Teleperformance  ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  Corporate Broking and Issuer Services HQ7212 (corporate.broking@nl.abnamro.com)  Gustav Mahlerlaan 10  1082 PP  Amsterdam  The Netherlands (the ""Receiving Agent"") will on 28 November 2023 transfer all the Remaining Shares to Teleperformance. On the same day and prior to such transfer  Teleperformance will pay EUR 30.00 per Remaining Share by wire transfer to the bank account of the Receiving Agent for onward credit to the holders of the Remaining Shares through their Admitted Institution in proportion to the number of Remaining Shares held by each of them. Teleperformance can however not guarantee that holders of the Remaining Shares will actually receive payment on 28 November 2023 from their Admitted Institution. Actions to be taken Holders of Remaining Shares do not need to take any action. Announcements Any further announcement in connection with the squeeze-out proceedings will be issued by means of a press release. Any press release issued by Teleperformance will be made available on the website of Teleperformance (https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/publications-and-events/acquisition-of-majorel/). Offer Memorandum Digital copies of the Offer Memorandum are available on the website of Teleperformance (https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/publications-and-events/acquisition-of-majorel/). Disclaimer Certain information included in this press release are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs  expectations  and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause actual results  performance or achievements  or industry results or other events  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and Teleperformance expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements included in this press release to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Such forward-looking statements are for illustrative purposes only. Forward-looking information and statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Teleperformance. The forward-looking statements included in this press release do not include any assumption for a further significant deterioration in market conditions or the current geopolitical situation. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified under Section 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document of Teleperformance  filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on 27 February 2023  as amended by the Amendment to the Universal Registration Document  and available on the Teleperformance website (www.teleperformance.com) and the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). 2This press release is for information purposes only and does not  and shall not  constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any securities of Teleperformance or Majorel nor a solicitation to offer to purchase or to subscribe for securities of Teleperformance or Majorel in any jurisdiction  including in France and the Netherlands. The distribution of this press release may  in some countries  be restricted by law or regulation. Accordingly  persons who come into possession of this document should inform themselves of and observe these restrictions. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  Teleperformance disclaims any responsibility or liability for the violation of any such restrictions by any person. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of that jurisdiction. Neither Teleperformance nor any of its advisors assumes any responsibility for any violation of any of these restrictions. Any Majorel shareholder who is in any doubt as to his or her position should consult an appropriate professional advisor without delay. Notice to U.S. Shareholders The Offer has been made by Teleperformance  a French company whose shares are listed on Euronext Paris  for the Shares in Majorel  a Luxembourg company whose shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam  and was subject to Dutch  Luxembourg and French disclosure and procedural requirements  which differ from those of the United States. It is important that U.S. shareholders understand that the Offer and any related offer documents are subject to disclosure and takeover laws and regulations in the Netherlands  France and/or Luxembourg that may be different from those in the United States. The Offer has been made in the United States in compliance with  and in reliance on  the exemption provided by Rule 14d-1(c)  known as the ""Tier I"" exemption  under the U.S. Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""U.S. Exchange Act""). Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  or pursuant to an exemption from such registration. The Offeror Shares to be issued in connection with the settlement of the Offer are not  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act or under the securities laws of any jurisdiction of the United States and have been issued to Shareholders in the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 802 under the Securities Act and in reliance on available exemptions from any state law registration requirements. It may be difficult for U.S. shareholders to enforce their rights and claims arising out of the U.S. federal securities laws  since Teleperformance and Majorel are located in a country other than the United States  and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of a country other than the United States. U.S. shareholders may not be able to sue a non-U.S. company or its officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel a non-U.S. company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any U.S. state securities commission or other regulatory authority has approved or disapproved the Offer or the Offeror Shares issued in connection with the settlement of the Offer  passed upon the fairness or merits of the Offer or provided an opinion as to the accuracy or completeness of this Offer Memorandum or any other documents regarding the Offer. Any declaration to the contrary constitutes a criminal offence in the United States. 3",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.31,0.67,True,English,"['Inside Information', 'Teleperformance', 'Operations', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'sales', 'November', '03:16', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Luxembourg Takeover Law', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'last trading date', 'Cash Consideration Teleperformance', 'Luxembourg law', 'bank account', 'takeover bids', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'successful completion', 'voting rights', 'Remaining Share', 'The CSSF', 'out proceedings', 'record date', 'Issuer Services', 'Gustav Mahlerlaan', 'The Netherlands', 'Receiving Agent', 'same day', 'Admitted Institution', 'Digital copies', 'historical facts', 'looking statements', 'current beliefs', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'industry results', 'remaining 94,996 Shares', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Majorel Paris', 'fair price', 'public offer', 'offer memorandum', 'other events', 'wire transfer', 'Teleperformance SE', 'Corporate Broking', '99,905,004 Shares', 'connection', 'holders', 'Article', 'ISIN', 'capital', 'Shareholder', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'jurisdiction', 'Terms', 'meaning', 'AFM', '11 August', 'restrictions', '19 May', 'squeeze', 'objection', 'accordance', 'Suspension', 'Euronext', '24 November', 'implementation', 'payment', 'operation', '27 November', 'settlement', '28 November', 'Ownership', 'aggregate', 'purpose', 'abnamro', '1082 PP', 'Amsterdam', 'onward', 'credit', 'proportion', 'number', 'Actions', 'Announcements', 'means', 'website', 'investors', 'acquisition', 'Disclaimer', 'information', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'obligati', '23']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2782916/0/en/Azerion-announces-new-roles-on-its-Supervisory-Board.html,Azerion announces new roles on its Supervisory Board,Amsterdam  20 November 2023 – Following its Extraordinary General Meeting held on 16 November 2023  Azerion is pleased to report that its...,Amsterdam  20 November 2023 – Following its Extraordinary General Meeting held on 16 November 2023  Azerion is pleased to report that its Supervisory Board has appointed Wim de Pundert to the role of Chair  Florence von Erb to the role of Chair of the Selection  Appointment and Remuneration Committee and Zafer Karataş as a member of the Selection  Appointment and Remuneration Committee.As part of the arrangements relating to these new appointments  Klaas Meertens has announced that he will step down from the Supervisory Board on 31 January 2024  after completing a two year term from his original appointment.In line with its ongoing development  Azerion intends to continue introducing additional experience to its Supervisory Board with further updates expected in the coming months. The roles on the Supervisory Board will be reviewed in light of any such additional appointments.About AzerionFounded in 2014  Azerion (EURONEXT: AZRN) is one of Europe’s largest digital advertising and entertainment media platforms. Azerion brings global scaled audiences to advertisers in an easy and cost-effective way  delivered through our proprietary technology  in a safe  engaging  and high quality environment  utilizing our strategic portfolio of owned and operated content with entertainment and other digital publishing partners.Having its roots in Europe and with its headquarters in Amsterdam  Azerion has commercial teams based in over 26 cities around the world to closely support our clients and partners to find and execute creative ways to make a real impact through advertising.For more information visit: www.azerion.comContact:Investor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.comThis communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,True,English,"['new roles', 'Supervisory Board', 'Azerion', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'other digital publishing partners', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Wim de Pundert', 'Florence von Erb', 'two year term', 'global scaled audiences', 'high quality environment', 'largest digital advertising', 'entertainment media platforms', 'Supervisory Board', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Zafer Karataş', 'new appointments', 'Klaas Meertens', 'ongoing development', 'additional experience', 'coming months', 'additional appointments', 'cost-effective way', 'proprietary technology', 'strategic portfolio', 'commercial teams', 'creative ways', 'real impact', 'Investor Relations', 'original appointment', 'inside information', 'Amsterdam', '16 November', 'Azerion', 'role', 'Chair', 'Selection', 'member', 'arrangements', '31 January', 'line', 'updates', 'light', 'EURONEXT', 'AZRN', 'Europe', 'advertisers', 'easy', 'content', 'roots', 'headquarters', '26 cities', 'world', 'clients', 'Contact', 'communication', 'meaning', 'Article']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZERION-GROUP-N-V-120380175/news/Azerion-announces-new-roles-on-its-Supervisory-Board-45394815/,Azerion announces new roles on its Supervisory Board,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  20 November 2023 – Following its Extraordinary General Meeting held on 16 November 2023  Azerion is pleased to report that its Supervisory Board has appointed Wim de Pundert to the role of Chair  Florence von Erb to the role of…,Official press release from AZERION GROUP N.V.Amsterdam  20 November 2023 – Following its Extraordinary General Meeting held on 16 November 2023  Azerion is pleased to report that its Supervisory Board has appointed Wim de Pundert to the role of Chair  Florence von Erb to the role of Chair of the Selection  Appointment and Remuneration Committee and Zafer Karataş as a member of the Selection  Appointment and Remuneration Committee.As part of the arrangements relating to these new appointments  Klaas Meertens has announced that he will step down from the Supervisory Board on 31 January 2024  after completing a two year term from his original appointment.In line with its ongoing development  Azerion intends to continue introducing additional experience to its Supervisory Board with further updates expected in the coming months. The roles on the Supervisory Board will be reviewed in light of any such additional appointments.About AzerionFounded in 2014  Azerion (EURONEXT: AZRN) is one of Europe’s largest digital advertising and entertainment media platforms. Azerion brings global scaled audiences to advertisers in an easy and cost-effective way  delivered through our proprietary technology  in a safe  engaging  and high quality environment  utilizing our strategic portfolio of owned and operated content with entertainment and other digital publishing partners.Having its roots in Europe and with its headquarters in Amsterdam  Azerion has commercial teams based in over 26 cities around the world to closely support our clients and partners to find and execute creative ways to make a real impact through advertising.For more information visit: www.azerion.comContact:Investor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.comThis communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['new roles', 'Supervisory Board', 'Azerion', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'other digital publishing partners', 'AZERION GROUP N.V.', 'Official press release', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Wim de Pundert', 'Florence von Erb', 'two year term', 'global scaled audiences', 'high quality environment', 'largest digital advertising', 'entertainment media platforms', 'Supervisory Board', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Zafer Karataş', 'new appointments', 'Klaas Meertens', 'ongoing development', 'additional experience', 'coming months', 'additional appointments', 'cost-effective way', 'proprietary technology', 'strategic portfolio', 'commercial teams', 'creative ways', 'real impact', 'Investor Relations', 'original appointment', 'inside information', 'Amsterdam', '16 November', 'role', 'Chair', 'member', 'Selection', 'arrangements', '31 January', 'line', 'updates', 'light', 'EURONEXT', 'AZRN', 'Europe', 'advertisers', 'easy', 'content', 'roots', 'headquarters', '26 cities', 'world', 'clients', 'Contact', 'communication', 'meaning', 'Article']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2783533/0/en/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 20 November 2023  Share Transactions Disclosure  FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following...,Press ReleaseParis – 20 November 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 13 November to 17 November 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-11-15 BUY 110 8.600000 946.00 XAMS 2023-11-16 BUY 482 8.593154 4 141.90 XAMS 2023-11-17 BUY 187 8.591711 1 606.65 XAMS 2023-11-17 SELL 50 8.650000 432.50 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaFY 2023 results: 7 March 2024Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Press Relations flentertainment', 'following transactions', 'Press Release', 'Investor Relations', 'FLE NA', 'annual meeting', 'FY 2023 results', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '20 November', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '13 November', '17 November', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '15 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '7 March', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'entrepreneur', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLVAY-SA-5966/news/Solvay-announces-the-publication-of-a-supplement-to-its-information-document-45395156/,Solvay announces the publication of a supplement to its information document,(marketscreener.com) Press release Regulated / Inside information Solvay announces the publication of a supplement to its information document Brussels  November 20  2023 - 8:30 CET Today  Solvay SA/NV published a supplement to its information document  dated…,Official press release from SOLVAY SAPress releaseRegulated / Inside informationSolvay announces the publication of a supplement to its information documentBrussels  November 20  2023 - 8:30 CETToday  Solvay SA/NV (“Solvay”) published a supplement to its information document  dated June 30  2023  in connection with the previously announced planned separation of Solvay into two independent listed companies – SOLVAY and SYENSQO – by way of a partial demerger of Solvay.The information document covers the future Solvay as a simpler  more focused company post-the Syensqo spin-off  subject to approval by Solvay’s shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting convened for December 8  2023.The supplement to the information document is available on the Solvay’s website (www.solvay.com).About SolvaySolvay  a pioneering chemical company with a legacy rooted in founder Ernest Solvay's pivotal innovations in the soda ash process  is dedicated to delivering essential solutions globally through its workforce of over 9 000 employees. Since 1863  Solvay harnesses the power of chemistry to create innovative  sustainable solutions that answer the world’s most essential needs such as purifying the air we breathe and the water we drink  preserving our food supplies  protecting our health and well-being  creating eco-friendly clothing  making the tires of our cars more sustainable and cleaning and protecting our homes. As a world-leading company with €5.6 billion in net sales in 2022 and listings on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB)  its unwavering commitment drives the transition to a carbon-neutral future by 2050  underscoring its dedication to sustainability and a fair and just transition. For more information about Solvay  please visit solvay.com or follow Solvay on Linkedin.Important legal informationThis press release is for informational purposes only and is not intended to  and does not  constitute an offer or invitation to sell or solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy  or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for  any securities of Solvay or Syensqo SA/NV (“Syensqo”)  any part of the business or assets described herein  or any other interests or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction in connection with the transactions described herein or otherwise  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. This press release should not be construed in any manner as a recommendation to any reader thereof.This press release is not a prospectus or other offering document for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of June 14  2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”)  and the allocation of shares of Syensqo to Solvay’s shareholders as part of the contemplated partial demerger of Solvay is expected to be carried out in circumstances that do not constitute “an offer of securities to the public” within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Syensqo has prepared a registration document which will become a constituent part of Syensqo’s prospectus for purposes of the admission to trading of Syensqo’s shares on the regulated markets of Euronext in Brussels and Paris in connection with the partial demerger of Solvay. The registration document is  and the other constituent parts of the prospectus will be made  available to investors at no cost on the corporate websites of Syensqo (www.syensqo.com/en/investors/spinoff) and Solvay (www.solvay.com)  as well as at the registered office of Syensqo  at Rue de la Fusée 98  1130 Brussels  Belgium. The approval of the registration document  or any other constituent parts of the prospectus  by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the “FSMA”) should not be understood as an endorsement of the shares of Syensqo to be admitted to trading on the aforementioned regulated markets.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes  should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release is directed solely to persons in the United Kingdom who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments  such persons falling within the definition of “investment professionals” in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Financial Promotion Order”) or (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order or (iii) other persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) may lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated  (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This press release is directed only to relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons.ContactsMedia relationsPeter Boelaert+32 479 30 91 59Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen+32 484 65 30 47Kimberly King+ 1 470 464 4336media.relations@solvay.com Investor relationsJodi Allen+1 609 860 4608Geoffroy d’Oultremont+32 2 264 2997Vincent Toussaint+33 4 3724 6547investor.relations@solvay.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.29,0.49,True,English,"['information document', 'Solvay', 'publication', 'supplement', 'Rue de la Fusée', 'two independent listed companies', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'soda ash process', 'Financial Promotion) Order', 'Financial Promotion Order', 'innovative, sustainable solutions', 'pioneering chemical company', 'other constituent parts', 'Important legal information', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'other offering document', 'founder Ernest Solvay', 'Official press release', 'essential solutions', 'other interests', 'other information', 'focused company', 'world-leading company', 'information document', 'partial demerger', 'pivotal innovations', 'essential needs', 'food supplies', 'eco-friendly clothing', 'net sales', 'unwavering commitment', 'carbon-neutral future', 'registration document', 'regulated markets', 'corporate websites', 'registered office', 'Markets Authority', 'United Kingdom', 'professional experience', 'investment professionals', 'Markets Act', 'investment activity', 'other persons', 'just transition', 'applicable law', 'relevant persons', 'SOLVAY SA', 'information Solvay', 'future Solvay', 'informational purposes', 'securities laws', 'Syensqo spin-off', 'Syensqo SA/NV', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Solvay Solvay', '1130 Brussels', 'publication', 'supplement', 'November', '8:30 CET', 'connection', 'separation', 'way', 'approval', 'shareholders', 'December', 'legacy', 'workforce', '9,000 employees', 'power', 'chemistry', 'air', 'water', 'health', 'well-being', 'tires', 'cars', 'homes', 'listings', 'Paris', 'SOLB', 'dedication', 'sustainability', 'Linkedin', 'invitation', 'solicitation', 'business', 'assets', 'vote', 'jurisdiction', 'transactions', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'manner', 'recommendation', 'reader', 'June', 'allocation', 'shares', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'admission', 'trading', 'investors', 'cost', 'spinoff', 'Belgium', 'FSMA', 'endorsement', 'distribution', 'possession', 'restriction', 'failure', 'violation', 'matters', 'investments', 'definition', 'Article', 'inducement', 'Section']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2782940/0/en/Solvay-announces-the-publication-of-a-supplement-to-its-information-document.html,Solvay announces the publication of a supplement to its information document,Press release  Regulated / Inside information   Solvay announces the publication of a supplement to its information document    Brussels  November 20 ...,Press releaseRegulated / Inside informationSolvay announces the publication of a supplement to its information documentBrussels  November 20  2023 - 8:30 CETToday  Solvay SA/NV (“Solvay”) published a supplement to its information document  dated June 30  2023  in connection with the previously announced planned separation of Solvay into two independent listed companies – SOLVAY and SYENSQO – by way of a partial demerger of Solvay.The information document covers the future Solvay as a simpler  more focused company post-the Syensqo spin-off  subject to approval by Solvay’s shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting convened for December 8  2023.The supplement to the information document is available on the Solvay’s website (www.solvay.com).About SolvaySolvay  a pioneering chemical company with a legacy rooted in founder Ernest Solvay's pivotal innovations in the soda ash process  is dedicated to delivering essential solutions globally through its workforce of over 9 000 employees. Since 1863  Solvay harnesses the power of chemistry to create innovative  sustainable solutions that answer the world’s most essential needs such as purifying the air we breathe and the water we drink  preserving our food supplies  protecting our health and well-being  creating eco-friendly clothing  making the tires of our cars more sustainable and cleaning and protecting our homes. As a world-leading company with €5.6 billion in net sales in 2022 and listings on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB)  its unwavering commitment drives the transition to a carbon-neutral future by 2050  underscoring its dedication to sustainability and a fair and just transition. For more information about Solvay  please visit solvay.com or follow Solvay on Linkedin.Important legal informationThis press release is for informational purposes only and is not intended to  and does not  constitute an offer or invitation to sell or solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy  or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for  any securities of Solvay or Syensqo SA/NV (“Syensqo”)  any part of the business or assets described herein  or any other interests or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction in connection with the transactions described herein or otherwise  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. This press release should not be construed in any manner as a recommendation to any reader thereof.This press release is not a prospectus or other offering document for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of June 14  2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”)  and the allocation of shares of Syensqo to Solvay’s shareholders as part of the contemplated partial demerger of Solvay is expected to be carried out in circumstances that do not constitute “an offer of securities to the public” within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Syensqo has prepared a registration document which will become a constituent part of Syensqo’s prospectus for purposes of the admission to trading of Syensqo’s shares on the regulated markets of Euronext in Brussels and Paris in connection with the partial demerger of Solvay. The registration document is  and the other constituent parts of the prospectus will be made  available to investors at no cost on the corporate websites of Syensqo (www.syensqo.com/en/investors/spinoff) and Solvay (www.solvay.com)  as well as at the registered office of Syensqo  at Rue de la Fusée 98  1130 Brussels  Belgium. The approval of the registration document  or any other constituent parts of the prospectus  by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the “FSMA”) should not be understood as an endorsement of the shares of Syensqo to be admitted to trading on the aforementioned regulated markets.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes  should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release is directed solely to persons in the United Kingdom who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments  such persons falling within the definition of “investment professionals” in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Financial Promotion Order”) or (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order or (iii) other persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) may lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated  (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This press release is directed only to relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons.ContactsMedia relationsPeter Boelaert+32 479 30 91 59Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen+32 484 65 30 47Kimberly King+ 1 470 464 4336media.relations@solvay.com Investor relationsJodi Allen+1 609 860 4608Geoffroy d’Oultremont+32 2 264 2997Vincent Toussaint+33 4 3724 6547investor.relations@solvay.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.23,0.61,True,English,"['information document', 'Solvay', 'publication', 'supplement', 'Rue de la Fusée', 'two independent listed companies', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'soda ash process', 'Financial Promotion) Order', 'Financial Promotion Order', 'innovative, sustainable solutions', 'pioneering chemical company', 'other constituent parts', 'Important legal information', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'other offering document', 'founder Ernest Solvay', 'essential solutions', 'other interests', 'other information', 'focused company', 'world-leading company', 'Press release', 'information document', 'partial demerger', 'pivotal innovations', 'essential needs', 'food supplies', 'eco-friendly clothing', 'net sales', 'unwavering commitment', 'carbon-neutral future', 'registration document', 'regulated markets', 'corporate websites', 'registered office', 'Markets Authority', 'United Kingdom', 'professional experience', 'investment professionals', 'Markets Act', 'investment activity', 'other persons', 'just transition', 'applicable law', 'informational purposes', 'relevant persons', 'information Solvay', 'Solvay SA/NV', 'future Solvay', 'securities laws', 'Syensqo spin-off', 'Syensqo SA/NV', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Solvay Solvay', '1130 Brussels', 'publication', 'supplement', 'November', '8:30 CET', 'connection', 'planned', 'separation', 'way', 'approval', 'shareholders', 'December', 'legacy', 'workforce', '9,000 employees', 'power', 'chemistry', 'air', 'water', 'health', 'well-being', 'tires', 'cars', 'homes', 'listings', 'Paris', 'SOLB', 'dedication', 'sustainability', 'Linkedin', 'invitation', 'solicitation', 'business', 'assets', 'vote', 'jurisdiction', 'transactions', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'manner', 'recommendation', 'reader', 'June', 'allocation', 'shares', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'admission', 'trading', 'investors', 'cost', 'spinoff', 'Belgium', 'FSMA', 'endorsement', 'distribution', 'possession', 'restriction', 'failure', 'violation', 'matters', 'investments', 'definition', 'Article', 'inducement', 'Section']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TESSENDERLO-GROUP-NV-5968/news/Tessenderlo-Update-repurchase-of-shares-45400122/,Tessenderlo : Update repurchase of shares -November 20  2023 at 12:12 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Regulated information1   November 20  2023  5:40 pm CET   TESSENDERLO GROUP: UPDATE REPURCHASE OF SHARES   With reference to Article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and Article 8:4 of the R…,PRESS RELEASERegulated information1November 20  2023  5:40 pm CETTESSENDERLO GROUP: UPDATE REPURCHASE OF SHARESWith reference to Article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and Article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of April 29  2019  implementing the Companies and Associations Code  Tessenderlo Group launched a share repurchase program in early April 2023 for an amount not exceeding 40 million EUR. As the share price is currently quoted below its book value  as well as taking into account the liquidity position of the group  the Board of Directors of Tessenderlo Group is of the opinion that it is opportune to proceed with the repurchase of its own shares.Between November 13 and November 17  2023  Tessenderlo Group acquired 32 950 of its own shares at an average price of 27.81 EUR per share  for a total amount of 916 468.77 EUR. The transactions took place on the Euronext Brussels regulated market. Tessenderlo Group's Board of Directors executed the purchases as authorized by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on May 10  2022. As a result of these transactions  the company holds 922 503 of its own shares in total  or 1.08% of the total number of issued shares as of November 20  2023. In addition  the company  through its subsidiary Picanol nv  still holds 21 860 003 of its own shares  or 25.58% of the total number of issued shares (being 85 472 762 shares).Overview of purchases  by day:Number of Average share price Minimum share price Maximum share Total cost Date shares price (in EUR) (in EUR) (in EUR) repurchased (in EUR) November 13  2023 5 000 27.58 27.50 27.75 137 894.50 November 14  2023 19 000 27.72 27.45 28.20 526 720.00 November 15  2023 3 000 28.33 28.00 28.40 84 975.90 November 16  2023 4 000 28.04 27.90 28.40 112 168.00 November 17  2023 1 950 28.06 27.95 28.15 54 710.37 TOTAL 32 950 27.81 27.45 28.40 916 468.77An overview of the share repurchases is provided on our website (www.tessenderlo.com)at https://www.tessenderlo.com/en/investor-relations/information-shareholders/repurchase-shares.1 The information presented includes regulated information as defined in the Royal Decree of November 14  2007  on the obligations of issuers of financial instruments admitted to trading on a regulated market.1/2,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Tessenderlo', 'Update', 'repurchase', 'shares', 'November', '12:12', 'Maximum share Total cost Date shares price', 'Euronext Brussels regulated market', 'Minimum share price', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Average share price', 'share repurchase program', 'average price', 'share repurchases', 'Regulated information1', 'total number', 'total amount', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Associations Code', 'Royal Decree', 'book value', 'liquidity position', 'Picanol nv', 'financial instruments', 'TESSENDERLO GROUP', 'early April', '472,762 shares', 'November', 'UPDATE', 'reference', 'Article', 'Companies', 'account', 'Board', 'Directors', 'opinion', 'transactions', 'place', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'result', 'company', 'addition', 'subsidiary', 'Overview', 'day', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'repurchase-shares', 'obligations', 'issuers', '5:40']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2783449/0/en/Update-on-the-receivership-proceedings-submission-of-a-takeover-offer-to-the-court-appointed-administrators.html,Update on the receivership proceedings: submission of a takeover offer to the court-appointed administrators,Update on the receivership proceedings: submission of a takeover offer to the court-appointed administrators   Paris  France  November 20  2023 – 5:45...,Update on the receivership proceedings: submission of a takeover offer to the court-appointed administratorsParis  France  November 20  2023 – 5:45 pm (CET) – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR001400JX97; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company developing innovative vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  whose safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde) were converted into receivership (redressement judiciaire) by decision of the Paris Commercial Court on November 13  2023  announces that the court-appointed administrators have today received a takeover offer for the assets and activities of Pixium.The date for the hearing to examine the takeover offer will be set by the Commercial Court by the end of November.The Company draws investors’ attention to the fact that  given the current offer and the Company’s level of indebtedness  the sale proceeds received in the context of the Company’s insolvency proceedings do not allow a total or partial reimbursement of shareholders.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The Company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsInvestor RelationsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.comMedia RelationsRose Piquante ConsultingSophie BaumontSophie.baumont@rosepiquante-consulting.com+33 6 27 74 74 49Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['receivership proceedings', 'takeover offer', 'court-appointed administrators', 'Update', 'submission', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'procédure de sauvegarde', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Rose Piquante Consulting', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'innovative vision systems', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'bionic vision systems', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Paris Commercial Court', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'University hospital', 'la Vision', 'takeover offer', 'current offer', 'court-appointed administrators', 'independent lives', 'safeguard proceedings', 'redressement judiciaire', 'investors’ attention', 'sale proceeds', 'insolvency proceedings', 'partial reimbursement', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'receivership proceedings', 'bioelectronics company', 'Sophie Baumont', 'The Company', 'Update', 'submission', 'France', 'November', 'CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'patients', 'sight', 'decision', 'assets', 'activities', 'hearing', 'fact', 'level', 'indebtedness', 'context', 'total', 'shareholders', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'rosepiquante', 'Attachment', '5:45']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-Treasury-shares-45399957/,Econocom Group Se : Treasury shares -November 20  2023 at 11:50 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION20 November 2023Treasury sharesAs part of the treasury shares buybacks approved by the general meeting of shareholders on 30 November 2021  Econocom Group SE carried out. from 13 November 2023 to 1…,"Official press release from ECONOCOM GROUP SEPress releaseREGULATED INFORMATION20 November 2023Treasury sharesAs part of the treasury shares buybacks approved by the general meeting of shareholders on 30 November 2021  Econocom Group SE carried out. from 13 November 2023 to 17 November 2023  the following transactions concerning the Econocom Group share:Date Negotiation method Transactions Quantities Averageprice(€) Minimumprice(€) Maximumprice(€) 13/11/2023 stock exchange Purchase 22 799 2.259 2.215 2.280 14/11/2023 stock exchange Purchase 28 151 2.292 2.260 2.320 15/11/2023 stock exchange Purchase 528 978 2.407 2.305 2.475 16/11/2023 stock exchange Purchase 30 446 2.427 2.410 2.440 17/11/2023 stock exchange Purchase 19 932 2.517 2.470 2.535 Total 630 306On 20 November 2023  Econocom Group SE held 5 610 193 Econocom Group shares out of a total number of 179 045 899 securities issued. amounting to 3.13% of the firm's securities.All press releases about the treasury shares buyback programme are published in the section ‘Regulated Information – Treasury Shares Buyback' on the financial part of Econocom's website.ABOUT ECONOCOMEconocom is a digital general contractor (DGC). The group conceives  finances and facilitates the digital transformation of large firms and public organisations. It has 50 years' experience and is the only market player offering versatile expertise through a combination of project financing  equipment distribution and digital services. The group operates in 16 countries  with over 8 750 employees. It made €2 718m in revenue in 2022. Econocom is listed on Euronext in Brussels  on the BEL Mid and Family Business indexes.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comFollow us on LinkedIn and TwitterInvestor and shareholder relations contact:benhjamin.pehau@econocom.comPress relations contact:info@capvalue.frTel. +33 (0)1 80 81 50 01This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nW+ckphvZJzJl2xwZJ1pbGlnbm2SkmnIZmfLyJaaYseYnXBjyGyTasicZnFjnmxp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82973-cp-rachat-d_actions-propres-2023-11-20-vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Econocom Group Se', 'Treasury shares', 'November', '11:50', 'Date Negotiation method Transactions Quantities Average price', 'treasury shares buyback programme', 'treasury shares buybacks', 'stock exchange Purchase', 'Family Business indexes', 'shareholder relations contact', 'Press relations contact', 'Official press release', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'digital general contractor', 'ECONOCOM GROUP SE', 'Econocom Group share', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'following transactions', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'general meeting', 'digital transformation', 'digital services', 'other releases', 'total number', 'large firms', 'public organisations', ""50 years' experience"", 'market player', 'versatile expertise', 'project financing', 'equipment distribution', 'BEL Mid', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Inside Information', 'financial part', '20 November', 'shareholders', '30 November', '13 November', '17 November', '179,045,899 securities', 'section', 'website', 'ABOUT', 'DGC', 'finances', 'combination', '16 countries', '8,750 employees', 'revenue', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'MORE', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Investor', 'benhjamin', 'pehau', 'capvalue', 'Tel.', 'publication', 'ckphvZJzJl2xwZJ1pbGlnbm2SkmnIZmfLyJaaYseYnXBjyGyTasicZnFjnmxp', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cp', 'rachat', 'propres', 'email', 'company']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/20/1479-shares-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp-acquired-by-capital-performance-advisors-llp/,1 479 Shares in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP) Acquired by Capital Performance Advisors LLP,Capital Performance Advisors LLP acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) during the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund acquired 1 479 shares of the…,Capital Performance Advisors LLP acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) during the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund acquired 1 479 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $221 000.Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Bangor Savings Bank bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter worth approximately $28 000. Bristlecone Advisors LLC bought a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the first quarter valued at about $28 000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $26 000. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich acquired a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the first quarter worth $29 000. Finally  Oliver Lagore Vanvalin Investment Group acquired a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the first quarter worth $30 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceShares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock traded up $0.17 on Monday  hitting $145.66. 2 916 981 shares of the company’s stock traded hands  compared to its average volume of 4 612 015. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a one year low of $133.34 and a one year high of $155.77. The company has a fifty day moving average of $141.28 and a two-hundred day moving average of $145.44. The company has a market capitalization of $41.18 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Capital Performance Advisors LLP', '1,479 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Oliver Lagore Vanvalin Investment Group', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'Capital Performance Advisors LLP', 'Several other large investors', 'fifty day moving average', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Bristlecone Advisors LLC', 'Bangor Savings Bank', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'daily performance', 'average volume', 'Free Report', 'email address', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'new stake', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '2nd quarter', 'recent filing', 'Exchange Commission', 'new position', 'first quarter', 'Co. Ltd', 'one year', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', 'financial companies', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'Securities', 'fund', '1,479 shares', 'company', 'holdings', 'Zurich', 'Monday', '2,916,981 shares', 'hands', 'beta', 'transportation']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,etfdailynews.com
32954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2782926/0/en/Nedap-s-AEOS-physical-access-control-awarded-CAPSS-Accreditation.html,Nedap’s AEOS physical access control awarded CAPSS Accreditation,Groenlo  the Netherlands  Nov.  20  2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Groenlo  the Netherlands  20th of November 2023  Nedap’s AEOS physical access control...,Groenlo  the Netherlands  Nov. 20  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Groenlo  the Netherlands  20th of November 2023Nedap’s AEOS physical access control awarded CAPSS AccreditationNedap  a global leader in physical security solutions  today announces that their physical access control system  AEOS  has been awarded CAPSS accreditation. AEOS is now one of only three physical access control systems with CAPSS accreditation  certified by the UK’s National Protective Security Authority (NPSA). In addition  AEOS is one of only two physical access control systems entered into the Catalogue of Security Equipment’s (CSE) CAPSS and AACS categories. This latest assurance of AEOS’s cybersecurity comes on the back of it achieving NPSA AACS certification in 2021.CAPSS stands for Cyber Assurance of Physical Security Systems. To achieve this stringent  newly upgraded standard  systems and their components must withstand rigorous testing. AACS stands for Automatic Access Control Systems  and NPSA approval is a mark of a system’s high levels of quality and protection.How the CAPSS Standard makes a differenceThe risk of physical security systems being compromised by hackers is increasing  this is especially true for organisations in critical infrastructure. The CAPSS programme comprises to main elements: the CAPSS Standard and CAPSS Guidance.CAPSS Standard guides design  testing and deployment of security products. It ensures they’re reliably robust because security is embedded in their design  and they’re rigorously tested and verified. When a product is certified as meeting the CAPSS Standard  it gives security managers confidence that it can mitigate the risks of cyberattacks.AEOS: a safe  smart choice for every security levelAs well as being CAPSS accredited and NPSA approved  AEOS is:GOVPASS approved.End-to-end secure for optimal cybersecurity – from the card reader to the server.Always up to date – software updates ensure support for the latest technologies and features.Highly scalable and based on open standards  allowing easy expansion and integrations.Supported by a network of certified partners for secure implementation and maintenance.Visit this page for more information on AEOS’s CAPSS credentials.-ENDS-About Nedap N.V.Nedap focuses on the development and supply of Technology for Life:technological solutions that make people more comfortable and successfulin their professional lives. Nedap N.V. has a workforce of over 950 employeesand operates on a global scale. The company was founded in 1929 and hasbeen listed on Euronext Amsterdam since 1947. Its headquarters are locatedin Groenlo  the Netherlands.;For more information  please contact:Mardy LammersMarketing & CommunicationsT: +31 6 25 69 59 79M: mardy.lammers@nedap.comnedapsecurity.comnedap.com,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.21,0.12,True,English,"['AEOS physical access control', 'CAPSS Accreditation', 'Nedap', 'three physical access control systems', 'two physical access control systems', 'Automatic Access Control Systems', 'stringent, newly upgraded standard', 'National Protective Security Authority', 'AEOS physical access control', 'Physical Security Systems', 'safe, smart choice', 'physical security solutions', 'Nedap N.V.', 'CAPSS Standard guides', 'NPSA AACS certification', 'CAPSS Accreditation Nedap', 'technological solutions', 'Security Equipment', 'security products', 'security managers', 'security level', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'global leader', 'AACS categories', 'latest assurance', 'Cyber Assurance', 'high levels', 'critical infrastructure', 'main elements', 'card reader', 'software updates', 'latest technologies', 'open standards', 'easy expansion', 'certified partners', 'secure implementation', 'professional lives', 'global scale', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Communications T', 'CAPSS programme', 'CAPSS Guidance', 'CAPSS credentials', 'NPSA approval', 'rigorous testing', 'optimal cybersecurity', 'Mardy Lammers', 'Groenlo', 'Netherlands', 'November', 'UK', 'addition', 'Catalogue', 'CSE', 'back', 'components', 'mark', 'quality', 'protection', 'difference', 'risk', 'hackers', 'organisations', 'design', 'deployment', 'confidence', 'cyberattacks', 'GOVPASS', 'end', 'server', 'support', 'features', 'integrations', 'network', 'maintenance', 'page', 'information', 'development', 'supply', 'Technology', 'Life', 'people', 'workforce', '950 employees', 'company', 'headquarters', 'nedapsecurity']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIXIUM-VISION-159506483/news/Update-on-the-receivership-proceedings-submission-of-a-takeover-offer-to-the-court-appointed-admini-45399933/,Update on the receivership proceedings: submission of a takeover offer to the court-appointed administrators -November 20  2023 at 11:46 am EST,(marketscreener.com) 20.11.2023   https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIXIUM-VISION-159506483/news/Update-on-the-receivership-proceedings-submission-of-a-takeover-offer-to-the-court-appointed-admini-45399933/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20231120,Official press release from PIXIUM VISIONUpdate on the receivership proceedings: submission of a takeover offer to the court-appointed administratorsParis  France  November 20  2023 – 5:45 pm (CET) – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR001400JX97; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company developing innovative vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  whose safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde) were converted into receivership (redressement judiciaire) by decision of the Paris Commercial Court on November 13  2023  announces that the court-appointed administrators have today received a takeover offer for the assets and activities of Pixium.The date for the hearing to examine the takeover offer will be set by the Commercial Court by the end of November.The Company draws investors’ attention to the fact that  given the current offer and the Company’s level of indebtedness  the sale proceeds received in the context of the Company’s insolvency proceedings do not allow a total or partial reimbursement of shareholders.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The Company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsInvestor RelationsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.comMedia RelationsRose Piquante ConsultingSophie BaumontSophie.baumont@rosepiquante-consulting.com+33 6 27 74 74 49Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['receivership proceedings', 'takeover offer', 'court-appointed administrators', 'Update', 'submission', 'November', '11:46', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Official press release', 'procédure de', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Rose Piquante Consulting', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'innovative vision systems', 'bionic vision systems', 'court-appointed administrators Paris', 'Paris Commercial Court', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'University hospital', 'la Vision', 'takeover offer', 'current offer', 'independent lives', 'safeguard proceedings', 'redressement judiciaire', 'investors’ attention', 'sale proceeds', 'insolvency proceedings', 'partial reimbursement', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'receivership proceedings', 'bioelectronics company', 'Sophie Baumont', 'The Company', 'Update', 'submission', 'France', 'November', 'CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'patients', 'sight', 'sauvegarde', 'decision', 'assets', 'activities', 'hearing', 'fact', 'level', 'indebtedness', 'context', 'total', 'shareholders', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'rosepiquante', 'Attachment', '5:45']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions-45400482/,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions -November 20  2023 at 01:31 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – 20 November 2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from 13 November to 17 November 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the s…,Official press release from FL ENTERTAINMENT N.V.Press ReleaseParis – 20 November 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 13 November to 17 November 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-11-15 BUY 110 8.600000 946.00 XAMS 2023-11-16 BUY 482 8.593154 4 141.90 XAMS 2023-11-17 BUY 187 8.591711 1 606.65 XAMS 2023-11-17 SELL 50 8.650000 432.50 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaFY 2023 results: 7 March 2024Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'November', '01:31', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL ENTERTAINMENT N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'Official press release', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Relations', 'annual meeting', 'FY 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '20 November', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '13 November', '17 November', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '15 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '7 March', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'entrepreneur', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Discloses-Topline-Data-from-KALAHARI-Phase-2-Part-B-Trial-of-Novel-PKal-Inhibitor-THR-149-i-45394672/,Oxurion Discloses Topline Data from KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B Trial of Novel PKal Inhibitor THR-149 in Diabetic Macular Edema,(marketscreener.com)   Regulated information – Inside information Despite Prior Positive Data  THR-149 Did Not Demonstrate Improvement in Vision Oxurion’s Board has Decided to Take Necessary Steps to File for Bankruptcy Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – Novem…,Official press release from OXURION NVRegulated information – Inside informationDespite Prior Positive Data  THR-149 Did Not Demonstrate Improvement in VisionOxurion’s Board has Decided to Take Necessary Steps to File for BankruptcyLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 20  2023 – 7:00 am CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company announced today that topline data in its KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B clinical trial for diabetic macular edema (DME) (KALAHARI trial) did not demonstrate that its novel PKal Inhibitor  THR-149  improved vision as much as the comparator  the anti-VEGF therapy aflibercept  at Month 3 (the primary endpoint). The mean change in best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) from baseline at Month 3 was -0.2 letters for the THR-149 arm and +3.5 letters for the aflibercept arm. The results confirmed that THR-149 was safe and well tolerated. The KALAHARI trial is the only ongoing trial sponsored by Oxurion.In light of these results and the Company’s low cash position  the Company has therefore decided to take the necessary steps to file for bankruptcy.Oxurion’s investigators over-enrolled the trial with a total of 112 patients  for whom the current standard of care is suboptimal in treating their DME  reflecting the strong interest of both investigators and patients.The KALAHARI trial evaluated Oxurion’s novel plasma kallikrein (PKal) inhibitor THR-149 as a potential treatment for DME patients who respond suboptimally to anti-VEGF therapy. The continuation of the trial followed the recommendation from an Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) in December 2022 that it would not be futile for the KALAHARI trial to continue based on the outcome of a pre-specified futility analysis that included an evaluation of interim efficacy and safety data from 31 patients at Month 3 and followed encouraging data from the Part A dose-selection part of the KALAHARI trial.Said Tom Graney  CEO  “We are deeply disappointed that the topline data from the KALAHARI trial did not show improvement in vision from THR-149. While we had hoped for a different result for patients  we greatly appreciate the engagement of both the patients and the clinical investigators for their participation in Phase 2 KALAHARI trial. The Board of Directors has made the difficult decision to take the necessary steps to file for bankruptcy. I would personally like to thank the incredible team at Oxurion for designing and executing a trial that yielded clearly interpretable results. So  while the outcome is not what we had hoped for patients and the company  the trial provides important learnings for the field. I want to encourage the community to continue to invest in finding better treatments options for this large  underserved patient population.”Diabetic Macular Edema (DME)Approximately 22 million people worldwide have DME currently  with prevalence increasing due to the growing global diabetic epidemic. DME is the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  and the market for treatments is currently estimated at +$5 billion.People who suffer from DME have leaking vessels in the back of the eye  leading to a thickening of the retina that causes vision problems such as blurriness in the center of vision  the appearance of dark spots or patches in the field of vision  and colors to look dull. These symptoms may affect the ability to read  write  drive  and recognize faces – presenting a significant patient and caregiver burden.About THR-149THR-149 is a bicyclic peptide that selectively inhibits human plasma kallikrein (PKal) with an inhibition constant of 0.22 nM. Through the inhibition of the kallikrein-kinin system (KKS)  THR-149 prevents the induction of retinal vascular permeability  neurodegeneration  and inflammation. THR-149 is currently being evaluated in the KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B clinical trial as a potential treatment for patients who respond suboptimally to anti-VEGF the standard of care for treatment of DME.KALAHARI Phase 2  Part BThe Phase 2 KALAHARI trial is a two-part  randomized  prospective  multi-center trial assessing multiple (3) injections of THR-149 in DME patients. Part B is double-masked and actively controlled  with the high dose of THR-149 having been selected from Part A of the trial. Part B of the trial enrolled 112 patients who have previously shown a suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy  and where THR-149 is being evaluated against aflibercept  the current standard of care  as the active comparator.KALAHARI Phase 2  Part APart A of the KALAHARI trial demonstrated that all dose levels of THR-149 had a favorable safety profile. All adverse events in the study eye were mild to moderate in intensity and no severe ocular adverse events were reported and no inflammation was observed. High-level data from Part A of the KALAHARI trial was first presented in October 2021  which demonstrated that the eight patients who received the highest dose of THR-149 achieved a mean BCVA gain of 6.1 letters at Month 3  the primary endpoint.A post-hoc analysis was performed by the masked central reading center in February 2022 based on an OCT (Optical Coherence Tomography) biomarker assessment. The analysis identified two subjects with abnormalities at baseline  which could impact responsiveness to any medical treatment. Excluding these two subjects resulted in an improvement in mean BCVA of 9.3 letters at Month 3  which was sustained until Month 6  the end of the trial  and four months after the last THR-149 injection. The Month 6 data also demonstrated THR-149’s attractive safety profile and its ability to stabilize the Central Subfield Thickness (CST). The learnings from the Part A data were incorporated into Part B through an amended trial design excluding patients that would not respond to any treatment. More information can be found here: NCT04527107About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comUSConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,mixed,0.3,0.17,0.54,True,English,"['Novel PKal Inhibitor THR', 'Part B Trial', 'Diabetic Macular Edema', 'Topline Data', 'KALAHARI Phase', 'Oxurion', 'novel plasma kallikrein (PKal) inhibitor THR-149', 'two-part, randomized, prospective, multi-center trial', 'growing global diabetic epidemic', 'large, underserved patient population', 'Independent Data Monitoring Committee', 'severe ocular adverse events', 'novel PKal Inhibitor', 'human plasma kallikrein', 'Part A dose-selection part', 'Part B clinical trial', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Official press release', 'low cash position', 'retinal vascular permeability', 'specified futility analysis', 'favorable safety profile', 'Prior Positive Data', 'mean BCVA gain', 'The KALAHARI trial', 'Phase 2 KALAHARI trial', 'anti-VEGF therapy aflibercept', 'significant patient', 'safety data', 'clinical investigators', 'KALAHARI Phase', 'mean change', 'post-hoc analysis', 'topline data', 'encouraging data', 'High-level data', 'ongoing trial', 'The Board', 'Necessary Steps', 'Euronext Brussels', 'primary endpoint', 'visual acuity', 'aflibercept arm', 'strong interest', 'interim efficacy', 'Tom Graney', 'different result', 'difficult decision', 'incredible team', 'important learnings', 'leading cause', 'dark spots', 'caregiver burden', 'bicyclic peptide', 'kallikrein-kinin system', 'multiple (3) injections', 'high dose', 'suboptimal response', 'dose levels', 'highest dose', 'current standard', 'potential treatment', '22 million people', 'working-age people', 'Regulated information', 'THR-149 arm', 'treatments options', 'inhibition constant', 'active comparator', 'study eye', 'Bankruptcy Leuven', 'interpretable results', 'OXURION NV', 'vision loss', 'vision problems', 'eight patients', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'DME patients', '112 patients', '31 patients', 'Improvement', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'November', 'Month', 'baseline', '+3.5 letters', 'light', 'total', 'continuation', 'recommendation', 'IDMC', 'December', 'outcome', 'evaluation', 'CEO', 'engagement', 'participation', 'Directors', 'field', 'community', 'prevalence', 'market', 'leaking', 'vessels', 'back', 'thickening', 'blurriness', 'appearance', 'patches', 'colors', 'symptoms', 'faces', '0.22 nM', 'KKS', 'induction', 'neurodegeneration', 'inflammation', 'intensity', 'October', '6.1 letters', '7:00']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2782903/0/en/Oxurion-Discloses-Topline-Data-from-KALAHARI-Phase-2-Part-B-Trial-of-Novel-PKal-Inhibitor-THR-149-in-Diabetic-Macular-Edema.html,Oxurion Discloses Topline Data from KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B Trial of Novel PKal Inhibitor THR-149 in Diabetic Macular Edema,Regulated information – Inside information   Despite Prior Positive Data  THR-149 Did Not Demonstrate Improvement in Vision   Oxurion’s Board has...,Regulated information – Inside informationDespite Prior Positive Data  THR-149 Did Not Demonstrate Improvement in VisionOxurion’s Board has Decided to Take Necessary Steps to File for BankruptcyLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 20  2023 – 7:00 am CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company announced today that topline data in its KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B clinical trial for diabetic macular edema (DME) (KALAHARI trial) did not demonstrate that its novel PKal Inhibitor  THR-149  improved vision as much as the comparator  the anti-VEGF therapy aflibercept  at Month 3 (the primary endpoint). The mean change in best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) from baseline at Month 3 was -0.2 letters for the THR-149 arm and +3.5 letters for the aflibercept arm. The results confirmed that THR-149 was safe and well tolerated. The KALAHARI trial is the only ongoing trial sponsored by Oxurion.In light of these results and the Company’s low cash position  the Company has therefore decided to take the necessary steps to file for bankruptcy.Oxurion’s investigators over-enrolled the trial with a total of 112 patients  for whom the current standard of care is suboptimal in treating their DME  reflecting the strong interest of both investigators and patients.The KALAHARI trial evaluated Oxurion’s novel plasma kallikrein (PKal) inhibitor THR-149 as a potential treatment for DME patients who respond suboptimally to anti-VEGF therapy. The continuation of the trial followed the recommendation from an Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) in December 2022 that it would not be futile for the KALAHARI trial to continue based on the outcome of a pre-specified futility analysis that included an evaluation of interim efficacy and safety data from 31 patients at Month 3 and followed encouraging data from the Part A dose-selection part of the KALAHARI trial.Said Tom Graney  CEO  “We are deeply disappointed that the topline data from the KALAHARI trial did not show improvement in vision from THR-149. While we had hoped for a different result for patients  we greatly appreciate the engagement of both the patients and the clinical investigators for their participation in Phase 2 KALAHARI trial. The Board of Directors has made the difficult decision to take the necessary steps to file for bankruptcy. I would personally like to thank the incredible team at Oxurion for designing and executing a trial that yielded clearly interpretable results. So  while the outcome is not what we had hoped for patients and the company  the trial provides important learnings for the field. I want to encourage the community to continue to invest in finding better treatments options for this large  underserved patient population.”Diabetic Macular Edema (DME)Approximately 22 million people worldwide have DME currently  with prevalence increasing due to the growing global diabetic epidemic. DME is the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  and the market for treatments is currently estimated at +$5 billion.People who suffer from DME have leaking vessels in the back of the eye  leading to a thickening of the retina that causes vision problems such as blurriness in the center of vision  the appearance of dark spots or patches in the field of vision  and colors to look dull. These symptoms may affect the ability to read  write  drive  and recognize faces – presenting a significant patient and caregiver burden.About THR-149THR-149 is a bicyclic peptide that selectively inhibits human plasma kallikrein (PKal) with an inhibition constant of 0.22 nM. Through the inhibition of the kallikrein-kinin system (KKS)  THR-149 prevents the induction of retinal vascular permeability  neurodegeneration  and inflammation. THR-149 is currently being evaluated in the KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B clinical trial as a potential treatment for patients who respond suboptimally to anti-VEGF the standard of care for treatment of DME.KALAHARI Phase 2  Part BThe Phase 2 KALAHARI trial is a two-part  randomized  prospective  multi-center trial assessing multiple (3) injections of THR-149 in DME patients. Part B is double-masked and actively controlled  with the high dose of THR-149 having been selected from Part A of the trial. Part B of the trial enrolled 112 patients who have previously shown a suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy  and where THR-149 is being evaluated against aflibercept  the current standard of care  as the active comparator.KALAHARI Phase 2  Part APart A of the KALAHARI trial demonstrated that all dose levels of THR-149 had a favorable safety profile. All adverse events in the study eye were mild to moderate in intensity and no severe ocular adverse events were reported and no inflammation was observed. High-level data from Part A of the KALAHARI trial was first presented in October 2021  which demonstrated that the eight patients who received the highest dose of THR-149 achieved a mean BCVA gain of 6.1 letters at Month 3  the primary endpoint.A post-hoc analysis was performed by the masked central reading center in February 2022 based on an OCT (Optical Coherence Tomography) biomarker assessment. The analysis identified two subjects with abnormalities at baseline  which could impact responsiveness to any medical treatment. Excluding these two subjects resulted in an improvement in mean BCVA of 9.3 letters at Month 3  which was sustained until Month 6  the end of the trial  and four months after the last THR-149 injection. The Month 6 data also demonstrated THR-149’s attractive safety profile and its ability to stabilize the Central Subfield Thickness (CST). The learnings from the Part A data were incorporated into Part B through an amended trial design excluding patients that would not respond to any treatment. More information can be found here: NCT04527107About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comUSConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,mixed,0.31,0.2,0.49,True,English,"['Novel PKal Inhibitor THR', 'Part B Trial', 'Diabetic Macular Edema', 'Topline Data', 'KALAHARI Phase', 'Oxurion', 'novel plasma kallikrein (PKal) inhibitor THR-149', 'two-part, randomized, prospective, multi-center trial', 'growing global diabetic epidemic', 'large, underserved patient population', 'Independent Data Monitoring Committee', 'severe ocular adverse events', 'novel PKal Inhibitor', 'human plasma kallikrein', 'Part A dose-selection part', 'Part B clinical trial', 'diabetic macular edema', 'low cash position', 'retinal vascular permeability', 'specified futility analysis', 'favorable safety profile', 'Prior Positive Data', 'central reading center', 'mean BCVA gain', 'The KALAHARI trial', 'Phase 2 KALAHARI trial', 'anti-VEGF therapy aflibercept', 'significant patient', 'safety data', 'clinical investigators', 'KALAHARI Phase', 'mean change', 'post-hoc analysis', 'topline data', 'encouraging data', 'High-level data', 'ongoing trial', 'The Board', 'Necessary Steps', 'Euronext Brussels', 'primary endpoint', 'visual acuity', 'aflibercept arm', 'strong interest', 'interim efficacy', 'Tom Graney', 'different result', 'difficult decision', 'incredible team', 'important learnings', 'leading cause', 'dark spots', 'caregiver burden', 'bicyclic peptide', 'kallikrein-kinin system', 'multiple (3) injections', 'high dose', 'suboptimal response', 'dose levels', 'highest dose', 'current standard', 'potential treatment', '22 million people', 'working-age people', 'Regulated information', 'THR-149 arm', 'treatments options', 'inhibition constant', 'active comparator', 'study eye', 'Bankruptcy Leuven', 'interpretable results', 'eight patients', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'Oxurion NV', 'vision loss', 'DME patients', '112 patients', '31 patients', 'Improvement', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'November', 'Month', 'baseline', '+3.5 letters', 'light', 'total', 'continuation', 'recommendation', 'IDMC', 'December', 'outcome', 'evaluation', 'CEO', 'engagement', 'participation', 'Directors', 'field', 'community', 'prevalence', 'market', 'vessels', 'back', 'thickening', 'problems', 'blurriness', 'appearance', 'patches', 'colors', 'symptoms', 'faces', '0.22 nM', 'KKS', 'induction', 'neurodegeneration', 'inflammation', 'intensity', 'October', '6.1 letters', '7:00']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OTC-MARKETS-GROUP-INC-120792806/news/OTC-Markets-Group-Welcomes-d-Amico-International-Shipping-SA-to-OTCQX-45397212/,OTC Markets Group Welcomes d'Amico International Shipping SA to OTCQX,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  Nov. 20  2023 -- OTC Markets Group Inc.   operator of regulated markets for 12 000 U.S. and international securities  today announced d'Amico International Shipping SA   an international marine transportation company operating i…,Official press release from OTC MARKETS GROUP INC.NEW YORK  Nov. 20  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM)  operator of regulated markets for 12 000 U.S. and international securities  today announced d'Amico International Shipping SA (Euronext STAR Milan: DIS; OTCQX: DMCOF)  an international marine transportation company operating in the product tanker market  has qualified to trade on the OTCQX® Best Market. d'Amico International Shipping upgraded to OTCQX from the Pink® market.d'Amico International Shipping SA begins trading today on OTCQX under the symbol “DMCOF.” U.S. investors can find current financial disclosure and Real-Time Level 2 quotes for the company on www.otcmarkets.com.Upgrading to the OTCQX Market is an important step for companies seeking to provide transparent trading for their U.S. investors. For companies listed on a qualified international exchange  streamlined market standards enable them to utilize their home market reporting to make their information available in the U.S. To qualify for OTCQX  companies must meet high financial standards  follow best practice corporate governance and demonstrate compliance with applicable securities laws.Paolo d’Amico  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of d’Amico International Shipping  stated: “I am pleased to announce that as of Nov. 20  2023  DIS’ shares will be available for trading on the OTCQX Market in New York. This initiative aims to enhance the Company's visibility among U.S. investors  offering them a more transparent and efficient platform to trade our stock. U.S. investors will gain access to the same level of information and data that we currently provide in European markets. We view this development as a significant step forward for DIS  as it will help us expand our shareholder base within the world's largest investment community. This  in turn  should increase the liquidity of our stock  and thereby support our share price  generating value for our Shareholders.”Fearnley Securities Inc. acted as the company’s OTCQX sponsor.About d'Amico International Shipping SADIS provides maritime transportation services. The company operates a fleet of product tanker vessels  primarily engaged in the transportation of refined oil products. The DIS Group controlled as at September 30 2023  either through ownership or charter arrangements  a modern fleet of 36.0 product tankers. DIS Group’s product tanker vessels range from approximately 36 000 to 75 000 dwt.About OTC Markets Group Inc.OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM) operates regulated markets for trading 12 000 U.S. and international securities. Our data-driven disclosure standards form the foundation of our three public markets: OTCQX® Best Market  OTCQB® Venture Market and Pink® Open Market.Our OTC Link® Alternative Trading Systems (ATSs) provide critical market infrastructure that broker-dealers rely on to facilitate trading. Our innovative model offers companies more efficient access to the U.S. financial markets.OTC Link ATS  OTC Link ECN and OTC Link NQB are each an SEC regulated ATS  operated by OTC Link LLC  a FINRA and SEC registered broker-dealer  member SIPC.To learn more about how we create better informed and more efficient markets  visit www.otcmarkets.com.Subscribe to the OTC Markets RSS FeedMedia Contact:OTC Markets Group Inc.  +1 (212) 896-4428  media@otcmarkets.com,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,positive,0.67,0.31,0.02,True,English,"['Amico International Shipping SA', 'OTC Markets Group', 'OTCQX', 'OTC Markets RSS Feed Media Contact', 'OTC Link® Alternative Trading Systems', 'best practice corporate governance', 'OTC MARKETS GROUP INC.', 'Amico International Shipping SA', 'U.S. financial markets', 'international marine transportation company', 'OTC Link ATS', 'OTC Link ECN', 'OTC Link NQB', 'OTC Link LLC', 'Paolo d’Amico', 'three public markets', 'current financial disclosure', 'high financial standards', 'Fearnley Securities Inc.', 'qualified international exchange', 'Official press release', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'largest investment community', 'refined oil products', 'data-driven disclosure standards', 'SEC registered broker-dealer', 'product tanker vessels', 'streamlined market standards', 'home market reporting', 'OTCQB® Venture Market', 'critical market infrastructure', 'maritime transportation services', 'U.S. investors', 'Real-Time Level 2 quotes', 'applicable securities laws', 'product tanker market', 'SEC regulated ATS', 'Pink® Open Market', 'The DIS Group', 'OTCQX® Best Market', 'regulated markets', 'international securities', '12,000 U.S.', 'European markets', 'efficient markets', 'Pink® market', '36.0 product tankers', 'same level', 'OTCQX Market', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'important step', 'efficient platform', 'significant step', 'shareholder base', 'share price', 'charter arrangements', '36,000 to 75,000 dwt', 'innovative model', 'OTCQX sponsor', 'transparent trading', 'modern fleet', 'efficient access', 'OTCM', 'operator', 'DMCOF', 'symbol', 'Upgrading', 'companies', 'information', 'compliance', 'Chairman', 'Nov.', 'shares', 'initiative', 'visibility', 'stock', 'development', 'world', 'turn', 'liquidity', 'value', 'Shareholders', 'September', 'ownership', 'foundation', 'ATSs', 'broker-dealers', 'FINRA', 'member', 'SIPC', 'informed']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2783458/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-named-a-Leader-in-Process-Safety-Management-software.html,Wolters Kluwer named a Leader in Process Safety Management software,PRESS RELEASE  Wolters Kluwer named a Leader in Process Safety Management softwareIndependent research firm recognizes Wolters Kluwer’s Enablon...,PRESS RELEASEWolters Kluwer named a Leader in Process Safety Management softwareIndependent research firm recognizes Wolters Kluwer’s Enablon platform as having the strongest market momentum and strongest set of product capabilitiesin its Green Quadrant researchNEW YORK – November 20  2023 – Independent research firm  Verdantix  has named Wolters Kluwer a leader in Process Safety Management (PSM) Software  in its Green Quadrant: Process Safety Management Software 2023 report.The Green Quadrant report is the most comprehensive evaluation of the PSM software market  and it uses Verdantix’ proprietary Green Quadrant methodology to provide a comprehensive  fact-based benchmark of the fifteen most prominent PSM software vendors in the world. The rigorous assessment includes customer interviews  a three-hour live demonstration and a comprehensive 102-point questionnaire made up of 15 capability and 10 market momentum categories.Wolters Kluwer  through its Enablon platform  achieved the report’s highest ranking for product capabilities and market momentum.Wolters Kluwer received a perfect score of 3.0 out of 3.0 in the following Green Quadrant: Process Safety Management Software 2023 report categories:Product strategyInnovation processFinancial resourcesRisk managementIn addition  Wolters Kluwer received top scores in the following categories:Organizational resources and growthRevenue growthSustainability and ESGPlatform interoperability and integrationsPlatform configurability Platform deployment optionsContractor managementIncident managementControl of workManagement of changeLaurent Dechaux  Senior Vice President and Managing Director  Enablon  for Wolters Kluwer  said: “PSM software plays a significant role in helping organizations avoid catastrophic industrial accidents that can result in fatalities  property damage  and environmental disasters. The outstanding results achieved by the Wolters Kluwer Enablon platform in this seminal PSM software benchmark report confirm that we are uniquely positioned to help organizations meet their EHS  process safety  compliance  and ESG goals.”Enablon  one of four software businesses that comprises the Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance & ESG (CP & ESG) division  is the world’s leading provider of integrated software solutions for EHS  ESG  Operational Excellence  and Governance  Risk and Compliance (GRC). Hundreds of industry-leading enterprises and millions of users  worldwide  rely on Enablon solutions to minimize risks  increase worker safety  prevent incidents from happening  achieve regulatory compliance  and reduce environmental impact.Joe Lamming  Industry Analyst  Verdantix  said: “Our research highlighted that 92% of respondents consider having a single platform for PSM as an ‘important’ or ‘very important’ digitization goal over the next 12 months. The Wolters Kluwer Enablon vision of providing customers with a comprehensive and user-friendly platform for PSM caters to this requirement  and their comprehensive PSM solution offers a holistic approach to safety data management.”Verdantix also recently named Wolters Kluwer as a leading  global provider of ESG software  and as the vendor with the most momentum among all participating firms  in its prestigious Green Quadrant: ESG Reporting & Data Management Software 2023 report.The Green Quadrant: Process Safety Management Software 2023 report is now available for pre-order.# # #About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media ContactPaul LyonSenior Director  External CommunicationsGlobal Branding & CommunicationsWolters KluwerOffice: +44 20 3197 6586Paul.Lyon@wolterskluwer.comAttachment,neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,positive,0.64,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['Process Safety Management software', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Leader', 'integrations Platform configurability Platform deployment options', 'fifteen most prominent PSM software vendors', 'Verdantix’ proprietary Green Quadrant methodology', 'seminal PSM software benchmark report', 'The Wolters Kluwer Enablon vision', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Process Safety Management Software 2023 report', 'The Green Quadrant report', 'Wolters Kluwer Enablon platform', 'Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance', 'prestigious Green Quadrant', 'comprehensive, fact-based benchmark', 'safety data management', 'four software businesses', 'Data Management Software', 'Green Quadrant research', 'following Green Quadrant', 'three-hour live demonstration', 'catastrophic industrial accidents', 'important’ digitization goal', 'deep domain knowledge', 'PSM software market', 'integrated software solutions', 'Independent research firm', 'Senior Vice President', 'comprehensive 102-point questionnaire', 'comprehensive PSM solution', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'strongest market momentum', '10 market momentum categories', 'leading, global provider', 'PSM) Software', 'Innovation process', 'worker safety', 'Platform interoperability', 'single platform', 'user-friendly platform', '2023 report categories', 'Contractor management', 'Incident management', 'leading provider', 'following categories', 'Enablon solutions', 'ESG software', 'strongest set', 'Risk management', 'Senior Director', 'comprehensive evaluation', 'expert solutions', 'Global Branding', 'corporate compliance', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'product capabilities', 'NEW YORK', 'rigorous assessment', 'customer interviews', 'highest ranking', 'perfect score', 'Product strategy', 'top scores', 'Organizational resources', 'Laurent Dechaux', 'Managing Director', 'significant role', 'property damage', 'environmental disasters', 'outstanding results', 'Operational Excellence', 'industry-leading enterprises', 'environmental impact', 'Joe Lamming', 'Industry Analyst', 'next 12 months', 'holistic approach', 'participating firms', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'Media Contact', 'Paul Lyon', 'Paul.Lyon', 'global leader', 'Financial resources', 'Revenue growth', 'External Communications', 'ESG goals', 'ESG Reporting', 'regulatory compliance', 'November', 'world', '15 capability', 'addition', 'Sustainability', 'Control', 'change', 'organizations', 'fatalities', 'EHS', 'CP', 'division', 'Governance', 'GRC', 'Hundreds', 'millions', 'users', 'risks', 'incidents', 'respondents', 'customers', 'requirement', 'order', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'services', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/20/amj-financial-wealth-management-boosts-stock-holdings-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,AMJ Financial Wealth Management Boosts Stock Holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),AMJ Financial Wealth Management lifted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 21.0% during the second quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institu…,AMJ Financial Wealth Management lifted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 21.0% during the second quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 18 285 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 3 171 shares during the quarter. AMJ Financial Wealth Management’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $2 736 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Several other institutional investors and hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of RSP. Venturi Wealth Management LLC increased its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 7 500.0% during the 2nd quarter. Venturi Wealth Management LLC now owns 3 040 shares of the company’s stock worth $455 000 after acquiring an additional 3 000 shares during the period. Empirical Financial Services LLC d.b.a. Empirical Wealth Management increased its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 15.4% in the first quarter. Empirical Financial Services LLC d.b.a. Empirical Wealth Management now owns 7 807 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 129 000 after purchasing an additional 1 042 shares during the period. Atlas Private Wealth Advisors raised its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 408.0% in the second quarter. Atlas Private Wealth Advisors now owns 70 195 shares of the company’s stock worth $10 504 000 after buying an additional 56 378 shares in the last quarter. Fiduciary Alliance LLC bought a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the second quarter valued at $62 000. Finally  AJ Wealth Strategies LLC grew its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1 026.3% during the second quarter. AJ Wealth Strategies LLC now owns 302 943 shares of the company’s stock worth $45 332 000 after buying an additional 276 046 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceShares of NYSEARCA:RSP traded up $0.18 on Monday  hitting $145.67. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2 106 847 shares  compared to its average volume of 4 608 944. The company has a market capitalization of $41.18 billion  a PE ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. The company has a 50-day simple moving average of $141.28 and a 200 day simple moving average of $145.44. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 1 year low of $133.34 and a 1 year high of $155.77.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'AMJ Financial Wealth Management', 'Stock Holdings', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Atlas Private Wealth Advisors', 'AJ Wealth Strategies LLC', '50-day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'Venturi Wealth Management LLC', 'AMJ Financial Wealth Management', 'Empirical Financial Services LLC', 'Several other institutional investors', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Empirical Wealth Management', 'Fiduciary Alliance LLC', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'recent 13F filing', 'other hedge funds', 'latest 13F filings', 'daily performance', 'financial companies', 'average volume', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'recent quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'new stake', 'trading volume', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'second quarter', '2nd quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '1 year low', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 3,171 shares', 'additional 3,000 shares', 'additional 1,042 shares', 'additional 56,378 shares', 'additional 276,046 shares', '18,285 shares', '3,040 shares', '7,807 shares', '70,195 shares', '302,943 shares', '2,106,847 shares', 'holdings', 'Securities', 'company', 'stock', 'end', 'period', 'position', 'Monday', 'beta', 'transportation']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,etfdailynews.com
32962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ANTIN-INFRASTRUCTURE-PART-127080817/news/Antin-Infrastructure-Partners-S-A-to-acquire-Consilium-Safety-a-global-leader-in-safety-managemen-45394603/,Antin Infrastructure Partners S A : to acquire Consilium Safety  a global leader in safety management infrastructure -November 20  2023 at 12:38 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  Antin to acquire Consilium Safety  a global leader in safety management infrastructure  19 November 2023    Antin expands its Flagship Fund V portfolio with a leading provider of fire  flame and gas detection infrastructure in the …,"19 November 2023Antin expands its Flagship Fund V portfolio with a leading provider of fire  flame and gas detection infrastructure in the marine  energy  transport  and building sectorsStockholm  Paris  London  New YorkAntin Infrastructure Partners  one of the world's leading infrastructure investment firms  announces today that a wholly owned affiliate of its Flagship Fund V has agreed to acquire Consilium Safety Group from Nordic Capital  subject to regulatory approvals. This represents the third investment announced in Flagship Fund V.Founded in 1912 and headquartered in Gothenburg  Sweden  Consilium Safety has an installed base of 75 000 fire  flame and gas detection systems within the marine  transport  energy and building sectors. Consilium Safety focuses on providing and maintaining mission-critical infrastructure in highly demanding and regulated end markets. With a presence in over 55 countries  the company operates an extensive global maintenance network  supporting safety and continuity of its clients' operations.Antin has extensive experience in the sectors where Consilium Safety operates  including marine  rail and energy. Its track record in those sectors includes investments such as Sølvtrans (wellboat operator)  Porterbrook (rolling stock leasing)  European Rail Rent (wagon leasing)  and Kellas (energy infrastructure).Commenting on the transaction  Consilium Safety President and CEO Philip Isell Lind af Hageby said: ""Nordic Capital's operational focus and expertise in how to fuel global expansion  have been instrumental in the growth of Consilium Safety Group. Together  we have achieved great results quicker than we expected. We thank them for their support and guidance as we take the next step of our journey. As we embark on the next chapter  we are very excited to partner with Antin. We will continue delivering mission-critical safety and operational resilience to our customers and with Antin's support  we look forward to investing further in the expansion of our offering  capabilities and presence.""Nordic Capital Advisors Managing Director Joakim Andreasson said: ""We are very proud of what Nordic Capital and Consilium Safety Group's management team has together achieved  creating a leading and innovative company with a global footprint. The plans set out at the time of the acquisition have been successfully executed much earlier than expected. We want to thank the whole team at Consilium Safety Group for their contribution during these years. Consilium Safety Group is now well placed to continue its growth trajectory and outperform the market. This marks the culmination of a very successful partnership and the start of an exciting next phase for Consilium Safety Group.""Antin Senior Partner Simon Söder stated: ""We are very impressed by the team at Consilium Safety and their commitment to safety  continuous innovation and customer service. The company has built an extensive international footprint which enables it to support its customers who rely on Consilium Safety's mission-critical infrastructure for their operations.""Antin Managing Partner Angelika Schöchlin added: ""Consilium Safety's impressive track record spanning over 100 years and their dedication to customers in sectors we know very well make it an ideal addition to our portfolio.We are excited to partner with the Consilium team to support and accelerate its next chapter of growth.""About Antin Infrastructure PartnersAntin Infrastructure Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on infrastructure. With over €30 billion in assets under management across its Flagship  Mid Cap and NextGen investment strategies  Antin targets investments in the energy and environment  digital  transport and social infrastructure sectors. With offices in Paris  London  New York  Singapore and Luxembourg  Antin employs over 220 professionals dedicated to growing  improving and transforming infrastructure businesses while delivering long-term value to portfolio companies and investors. Majority owned by its partners  Antin is listed on Euronext Paris (Ticker: ANTIN - ISIN: FR0014005AL0).About Nordic CapitalNordic Capital is a leading sector-specialised private equity investor with a resolute commitment to creating stronger  sustainable businesses through operational improvement and transformative growth. Nordic Capital focuses on selected regions and sectors where it has deep experience and a long history. Focus sectors are Healthcare  Technology & Payments  Financial Services  and selectively  Industrial & Business Services. Key regions are Europe and globally for Healthcare and Technology & Payments investments. Since inception in 1989  Nordic Capital has invested EUR 23 billion in 140 investments. The most recent entities are Nordic Capital XI with EUR 9.0 billion in committed capital and Nordic Capital Evolution with EUR 1.2 billion in committed capital  principally provided by international institutional investors such as pension funds. Nordic Capital Advisors have local offices in Sweden  the UK  the US  Germany  Denmark  Finland  Norway  and South Korea. For further information about Nordic Capital  please visit www.nordiccapital.com.""Nordic Capital"" refers to  depending on the context  any  or all  Nordic Capital branded entities  vehicles  structures  and associated entities. The general partners and/or delegated portfolio managers of Nordic Capital's entities and vehicles are advised by several non-discretionary sub-advisory entities  any or all of which are referred to as ""Nordic Capital Advisors"".Antin Media ContactsAntin Infrastructure PartnersNicolle Graugnard  Communication DirectorEmail: nicolle.graugnard@antin-ip.comLudmilla Binet  Head of Shareholder RelationsEmail: ludmilla.binet@antin-ip.comBrunswickTristan Roquet Montegon +33 (0) 6 37 00 52 57Gabriel Jabès +33 (0) 6 40 87 08 14Email: antinip@brunswickgroup.comNordic Capital Media ContactsKatarina JanerudCommunications Manager  Nordic Capital AdvisorsTel: +46 8 440 50 50e-mail: katarina.janerud@nordiccapital.com",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.01,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['Antin Infrastructure Partners S A', 'safety management infrastructure', 'Consilium Safety', 'global leader', 'November', '12', 'Philip Isell Lind af Hageby', 'leading sector-specialised private equity investor', 'leading private equity firm', 'Managing Director Joakim Andreasson', 'extensive global maintenance network', 'leading infrastructure investment firms', 'Flagship Fund V portfolio', 'Flagship Fund V.', 'gas detection systems', 'regulated end markets', 'Angelika Schöchlin', 'NextGen investment strategies', 'gas detection infrastructure', 'rolling stock leasing', 'Simon Söder', 'extensive international footprint', 'stronger, sustainable businesses', 'Antin Managing Partner', 'exciting next phase', 'European Rail Rent', 'impressive track record', 'international institutional investors', 'Consilium Safety Group', 'Consilium Safety President', 'Antin Senior Partner', 'Nordic Capital Advisors', 'Nordic Capital XI', 'Nordic Capital Evolution', 'social infrastructure sectors', 'Antin Infrastructure Partners', 'leading provider', 'global footprint', 'infrastructure businesses', 'third investment', 'extensive experience', 'mission-critical infrastructure', 'Sølvtrans', 'wagon leasing', 'portfolio companies', 'mission-critical safety', 'committed capital', 'next step', 'next chapter', 'global expansion', 'New York', 'regulatory approvals', 'wellboat operator', 'operational focus', 'great results', 'operational resilience', 'successful partnership', 'continuous innovation', 'customer service', 'Consilium team', 'Mid Cap', 'long-term value', 'operational improvement', 'deep experience', 'long history', 'Financial Services', 'Business Services', 'recent entities', 'pension funds', 'energy infrastructure', 'building sectors', 'Focus sectors', ""clients' operations"", 'growth trajectory', 'resolute commitment', 'transformative growth', 'Key regions', 'local offices', 'innovative company', 'digital, transport', 'Euronext Paris', 'management team', 'Payments investments', 'Antin.', '140 investments', 'November', 'flame', 'Stockholm', 'London', 'world', 'affiliate', 'Gothenburg', 'Sweden', 'base', 'demanding', 'presence', '55 countries', 'continuity', 'Porterbrook', 'Kellas', 'transaction', 'CEO', 'expertise', 'support', 'guidance', 'journey', 'customers', 'offering', 'capabilities', 'plans', 'time', 'acquisition', 'contribution', 'years', 'culmination', 'start', 'dedication', 'addition', 'assets', 'environment', 'Singapore', 'Luxembourg', '220 professionals', 'transforming', 'Majority', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'Healthcare', 'Technology', 'Industrial', 'inception', 'UK', 'Germany', 'Denmark', 'Finland']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45394812/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -November 20  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"Official press release from BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9333 £ 23.9961 Estimated MTD return 1.57 % 1.64 % Estimated YTD return -3.01 % -1.76 % Estimated ITD return 169.33 % 139.96 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.41 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.36 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.6635 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.5002The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'November', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'Official press release', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Official List', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32964,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2782914/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9333 £ 23.9961 Estimated MTD return 1.57 % 1.64 % Estimated YTD return -3.01 % -1.76 % Estimated ITD return 169.33 % 139.96 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.41 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.36 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.6635 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.5002The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32965,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/20/payden-rygel-reduces-stock-position-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Payden & Rygel Reduces Stock Position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Payden & Rygel lowered its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 92.1% in the second quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The fund owned 760 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 8 900 shares during the …,Payden & Rygel lowered its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 92.1% in the second quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The fund owned 760 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 8 900 shares during the quarter. Payden & Rygel’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $222 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of PSA. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter worth $670 512 000. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 111 535.5% in the 4th quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1 246 968 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $349 388 000 after buying an additional 1 245 851 shares during the period. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 63.6% in the 1st quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 2 755 605 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $832 580 000 after buying an additional 1 071 347 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 789.5% in the 1st quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 780 897 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $32 917 000 after buying an additional 693 103 shares during the period. Finally  Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 27.6% in the 2nd quarter. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. now owns 2 018 975 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $576 650 000 after buying an additional 436 497 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Trading Down 0.7 %Shares of NYSE:PSA opened at $257.70 on Monday. The business’s 50-day moving average is $259.31 and its 200 day moving average is $276.56. Public Storage has a 1 year low of $233.18 and a 1 year high of $316.48. The firm has a market capitalization of $45.31 billion  a P/E ratio of 23.62  a P/E/G ratio of 3.14 and a beta of 0.50. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54  a current ratio of 0.98 and a quick ratio of 0.98.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last announced its earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.21 by ($1.01). The business had revenue of $1.14 billion for the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 45.46% and a return on equity of 34.76%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year  the company earned $4.13 earnings per share. On average  research analysts predict that Public Storage will post 16.76 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  December 28th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday  December 13th will be paid a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday  December 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.66%. Public Storage’s payout ratio is presently 109.99%.Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesSeveral equities research analysts have weighed in on PSA shares. The Goldman Sachs Group began coverage on Public Storage in a report on Wednesday  September 27th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $310.00 target price for the company. Morgan Stanley began coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Thursday  September 21st. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price target for the company. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their price target on Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday  September 13th. Truist Financial reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $305.00 price target on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  October 31st. Finally  StockNews.com began coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Saturday  October 21st. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. Based on data from MarketBeat  the company currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $299.83.Get Our Latest Stock Analysis on Public StorageInsider Buying and Selling at Public StorageIn other Public Storage news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday  November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total transaction of $98 148.00. Following the sale  the insider now owns 13 286 shares in the company  valued at approximately $3 259 985.82. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC  which can be accessed through the SEC website. Company insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Stock Position', 'Public Storage', 'Payden', 'Rygel', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc.', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement Public Storage', 'Envestnet Asset Management Inc.', 'real estate investment trust', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'Several equities research analysts', 'other Public Storage news', 'PSA Get Free Report', 'other large investors', 'other institutional investors', '50-day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'equal weight” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Trading', 'consensus target price', 'current fiscal year', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'Holdings Channel.com', 'average price', '$310.00 target price', '$250.00 price target', '$305.00 price target', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'Three analysts', 'average rating', 'current ratio', 'consensus estimate', 'StockNews.com', 'research report', 'Insider Buying', 'buy” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'Norges Bank', 'new stake', 'Hedge funds', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'quick ratio', 'analyst estimates', 'net margin', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'Truist Financial', 'Moderate Buy', '1 year low', 'year basis', 'prior year', 'second quarter', 'recent quarter', '4th quarter', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'equity ratio', 'quarterly revenue', 'NYSE:PSA', 'earnings results', 'total transaction', 'additional 1,245,851 shares', 'additional 1,071,347 shares', 'additional 693,103 shares', 'additional 436,497 shares', 'PSA shares', 'same period', '4.13 earnings', '16.76 earnings', '760 shares', '8,900 shares', '1,246,968 shares', '2,755,605 shares', '780,897 shares', '2,018,975 shares', '400 shares', '13,286 shares', 'Payden', 'Rygel', 'number', 'company', 'Monday', 'business', 'firm', 'beta', 'debt', 'October', 'EPS', 'return', 'Thursday', 'December', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'Tuesday', 'yield', 'Downgrades', 'coverage', 'September', 'Saturday', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'Selling', 'sale', 'document', '34.', '4.6']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,etfdailynews.com
32966,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXTENSA-SA-5965/news/Nextensa-Interim-results-per-Q3-2023-45399896/,Nextensa: Interim results per Q3 2023 -November 20  2023 at 11:41 am EST,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED INFORMATION Brussels  20 November 2023  5:40 PM NEXTENSA:  NOTES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON Q3 2023 HIGHLIGHTS  • Hybrid model pays off: Nextensa’s hybrid model  which was created 2 years ago  has shown its resilience in a dif…,Official press release from NEXTENSA SAREGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  20 November 2023  5:40 PMNEXTENSA: NOTES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON Q3 2023HIGHLIGHTS• Hybrid model pays off: Nextensa’s hybrid model  which was created 2 years ago  has shown its resilience in a difficult market in recent months. The investment properties help absorb the slowdown in the development activities.A growth in rental income from the investment properties is recorded. Rental income amounts to €52.6 million compared to €51.6 million last year and this despite the sale of several buildings in 2022. This increase is mainly due to the signing of new leases in Belgium and Luxembourg  to the indexation of ongoing leases  to the 100% occupancy in Austria and to the many events taking place at the Tour & Taxis site. This results in a like-for-like rental growth of 9%.The operating result of the development projects amounts to €10.9 million  being €4.8 million lower compared to the same period last year:- Of the 346 appartements of Park Lane phase II at Tour & Taxis  200 have already been reserved or sold  which can undoubtedly be called a success. The residential buyers at Tour & Taxis appreciate the ‘unique selling proposition’ this site offers through its mix of features.- Despite a decline in appartement sales in Luxembourg  the developments at Cloche d’Or made a positive contribution of €8.7 million.• Result: The net result (group share) amounts to €21.8 M or €2.18 per share compared to €41.5 M or €4.15 per share at 30 September 2022. This difference is primarily due to non-cash effects in the profit and loss statement at 30/09  namely the negative revaluation on 30/09 of the participation in Retail Estates based on the closing price and the positive revaluation of the financial hedging instruments in 2022.• Active financial management: Limited increase in funding costs (+ €3.2 M) given the active hedging strategy (hedge ratio of 68% on 30/09/2023). The financial debt ratio of 44.85% limits the negative impact of rising interest rates on the results. Nextensa continues to work to further reduce this debt ratio  but the limited activity on the institutional real estate market complicates this ambition.• Sustainable redevelopments: The portfolio was expanded in May 2023 with a building located at Avenue Monterey 18 in Luxembourg City  the neighbour of Nextensa’s office building Monterey 20. A sustainable redevelopment of both buildings into a wooden office building of about 3 000 sqm - inspired by the Monteco building in Brussels - is being prepared. In addition  the office building located at Rue Montoyer 24 in Brussels was also added to the investment portfolio in August 2023. The permit application for this redevelopment was submitted at the end of September. A CO2-neutral wooden office building was chosen  again inspired by the design of the nearby smart Monteco building. In the lead-up to this redevelopment  the building is still partly let.• Active internal management: Decrease in overhead costs by €0.9 M or 10% compared to the same period last year  against the background of an nevertheless inflationary environment.FOR MORE INFORMATIONTim Rens | Chief Financial OfficerGare Maritime  Rue Picard 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euABOUT NEXTENSANextensa is a mixed-use real estate investor and developer.The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (44%)  Belgium (41%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 30/09/2023 was approximately €1.29 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €457.1 million (value 30/09/2023).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['Interim results', 'Nextensa', 'Q3', 'November', '11', 'institutional real estate market', 'mixed-use real estate investor', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'nearby smart Monteco building', 'CO2-neutral wooden office building', 'Official press release', 'Park Lane phase', 'unique selling proposition', 'financial hedging instruments', 'Active financial management', 'active hedging strategy', 'rising interest rates', 'Active internal management', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'major urban extension', 'Cloche d’Or', 'large urban developments', 'financial debt ratio', 'difficult market', 'market capitalization', 'hedge ratio', 'investment portfolio', 'Hybrid model', 'recent months', 'investment properties', 'rental income', 'new leases', 'ongoing leases', 'many events', 'operating result', 'same period', 'residential buyers', 'appartement sales', 'positive contribution', 'net result', 'cash effects', 'loss statement', 'closing price', 'funding costs', 'negative impact', 'limited activity', 'Sustainable redevelopments', 'Rue Montoyer', 'permit application', 'overhead costs', 'inflationary environment', 'Tim Rens', 'Gare Maritime', 'Rue Picard', 'Grand Duchy', 'total value', 'new constructions', 'several buildings', 'iconic buildings', 'residential buildings', 'development activities', 'development projects', 'negative revaluation', 'positive revaluation', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'rental growth', 'Retail Estates', 'Limited increase', 'Avenue Monterey', 'group share', 'Luxembourg City', 'Euronext Brussels', 'NEXTENSA SA', 'Taxis site', '1000 Brussels', '20 November', 'NOTES', 'THE', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'Q3', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'resilience', 'slowdown', 'signing', 'Belgium', 'indexation', '100% occupancy', 'Austria', 'place', 'Tour', '346 appartements', 'features', 'decline', '30 September', 'difference', 'profit', '30/09', 'participation', 'results', 'ambition', 'May', 'neighbour', '3,000 sqm', 'addition', 'August', 'end', 'design', 'lead-up', 'background', 'MORE', 'relations', 'developer', 'company', '350,000 sqm', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'Attachment', '5:40']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32967,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-named-a-Leader-in-Process-Safety-Management-software-45400024/,Wolters Kluwer named a Leader in Process Safety Management software,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Wolters Kluwer named a Leader in Process Safety Management softwareIndependent research firm recognizes Wolters Kluwer’s Enablon platform as having the strongest market momentum and strongest set of product capabilities in i…,Official press release from WOLTERS KLUWERPRESS RELEASEWolters Kluwer named a Leader in Process Safety Management softwareIndependent research firm recognizes Wolters Kluwer’s Enablon platform as having the strongest market momentum and strongest set of product capabilitiesin its Green Quadrant researchNEW YORK – November 20  2023 – Independent research firm  Verdantix  has named Wolters Kluwer a leader in Process Safety Management (PSM) Software  in its Green Quadrant: Process Safety Management Software 2023 report.The Green Quadrant report is the most comprehensive evaluation of the PSM software market  and it uses Verdantix’ proprietary Green Quadrant methodology to provide a comprehensive  fact-based benchmark of the fifteen most prominent PSM software vendors in the world. The rigorous assessment includes customer interviews  a three-hour live demonstration and a comprehensive 102-point questionnaire made up of 15 capability and 10 market momentum categories.Wolters Kluwer  through its Enablon platform  achieved the report’s highest ranking for product capabilities and market momentum.Wolters Kluwer received a perfect score of 3.0 out of 3.0 in the following Green Quadrant: Process Safety Management Software 2023 report categories:Product strategyInnovation processFinancial resourcesRisk managementIn addition  Wolters Kluwer received top scores in the following categories:Organizational resources and growthRevenue growthSustainability and ESGPlatform interoperability and integrationsPlatform configurability Platform deployment optionsContractor managementIncident managementControl of workManagement of changeLaurent Dechaux  Senior Vice President and Managing Director  Enablon  for Wolters Kluwer  said: “PSM software plays a significant role in helping organizations avoid catastrophic industrial accidents that can result in fatalities  property damage  and environmental disasters. The outstanding results achieved by the Wolters Kluwer Enablon platform in this seminal PSM software benchmark report confirm that we are uniquely positioned to help organizations meet their EHS  process safety  compliance  and ESG goals.”Enablon  one of four software businesses that comprises the Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance & ESG (CP & ESG) division  is the world’s leading provider of integrated software solutions for EHS  ESG  Operational Excellence  and Governance  Risk and Compliance (GRC). Hundreds of industry-leading enterprises and millions of users  worldwide  rely on Enablon solutions to minimize risks  increase worker safety  prevent incidents from happening  achieve regulatory compliance  and reduce environmental impact.Joe Lamming  Industry Analyst  Verdantix  said: “Our research highlighted that 92% of respondents consider having a single platform for PSM as an ‘important’ or ‘very important’ digitization goal over the next 12 months. The Wolters Kluwer Enablon vision of providing customers with a comprehensive and user-friendly platform for PSM caters to this requirement  and their comprehensive PSM solution offers a holistic approach to safety data management.”Verdantix also recently named Wolters Kluwer as a leading  global provider of ESG software  and as the vendor with the most momentum among all participating firms  in its prestigious Green Quadrant: ESG Reporting & Data Management Software 2023 report.The Green Quadrant: Process Safety Management Software 2023 report is now available for pre-order.# # #About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media ContactPaul LyonSenior Director  External CommunicationsGlobal Branding & CommunicationsWolters KluwerOffice: +44 20 3197 6586Paul.Lyon@wolterskluwer.comAttachment,neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,positive,0.7,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['Process Safety Management software', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Leader', 'integrations Platform configurability Platform deployment options', 'fifteen most prominent PSM software vendors', 'Verdantix’ proprietary Green Quadrant methodology', 'seminal PSM software benchmark report', 'The Wolters Kluwer Enablon vision', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Process Safety Management Software 2023 report', 'The Green Quadrant report', 'Wolters Kluwer Enablon platform', 'Wolters Kluwer Corporate Performance', 'prestigious Green Quadrant', 'Green Quadrant research', 'following Green Quadrant', 'comprehensive, fact-based benchmark', 'safety data management', 'four software businesses', 'Data Management Software', 'three-hour live demonstration', 'catastrophic industrial accidents', 'important’ digitization goal', 'deep domain knowledge', 'PSM software market', 'integrated software solutions', 'Independent research firm', 'Senior Vice President', 'comprehensive 102-point questionnaire', 'comprehensive PSM solution', 'Official press release', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'strongest market momentum', '10 market momentum categories', 'leading, global provider', 'PSM) Software', 'Innovation process', 'worker safety', 'Platform interoperability', 'single platform', 'user-friendly platform', '2023 report categories', 'Contractor management', 'Incident management', 'leading provider', 'following categories', 'Enablon solutions', 'ESG software', 'strongest set', 'Risk management', 'Senior Director', 'comprehensive evaluation', 'expert solutions', 'Global Branding', 'corporate compliance', 'product capabilities', 'NEW YORK', 'rigorous assessment', 'customer interviews', 'highest ranking', 'perfect score', 'Product strategy', 'top scores', 'Organizational resources', 'Laurent Dechaux', 'Managing Director', 'significant role', 'property damage', 'environmental disasters', 'outstanding results', 'Operational Excellence', 'industry-leading enterprises', 'environmental impact', 'Joe Lamming', 'Industry Analyst', 'next 12 months', 'holistic approach', 'participating firms', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'Media Contact', 'Paul Lyon', 'Paul.Lyon', 'global leader', 'Financial resources', 'Revenue growth', 'External Communications', 'ESG goals', 'ESG Reporting', 'regulatory compliance', 'November', 'world', '15 capability', 'addition', 'Sustainability', 'Control', 'change', 'organizations', 'fatalities', 'EHS', 'CP', 'division', 'Governance', 'GRC', 'Hundreds', 'millions', 'users', 'risks', 'incidents', 'respondents', 'customers', 'requirement', 'order', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'services', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32968,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45394813/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -November 20  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"Official press release from BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9333 £ 23.9961 Estimated MTD return 1.57 % 1.64 % Estimated YTD return -3.01 % -1.76 % Estimated ITD return 169.33 % 139.96 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.41 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.36 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.6635 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.5002The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'November', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'Official press release', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Official List', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32969,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2782915/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9333 £ 23.9961 Estimated MTD return 1.57 % 1.64 % Estimated YTD return -3.01 % -1.76 % Estimated ITD return 169.33 % 139.96 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.41 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.36 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.6635 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.5002The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32970,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-s-Canadian-Accounting-Industry-Survey-finds-technology-key-to-competitiveness-45398109/,Wolters Kluwer's Canadian Accounting Industry Survey finds technology key to competitiveness,(marketscreener.com) Survey finds that accounting firms are embracing remote work  enhancing client service  and navigating regulatory changes through technologyhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-s-Canadian-A…,Official press release from WOLTERS KLUWERSurvey finds that accounting firms are embracing remote work  enhancing client service  and navigating regulatory changes through technologyWolters Kluwer Tax and Accounting (TAA) has released the results of its 5th annual Canadian Accounting Industry Survey. The 2023 Canadian Industry and Tax Season Challenges Report examines how effectively tax and accounting firms are meeting challenges related to working remotely  staff management  obtaining tax information  workflow and technology. The data clearly shows that the tax season was markedly different than the last  with Canadian firms feeling a breath of fresh air as they moved toward the end of the pandemic. Still  firms continue to be challenged to deliver their best during their busiest time of the year.Notably  the survey reveals that Canadian firms are actively leveraging technology to embrace the post-pandemic trends of remote work and client collaboration. Around 80% of respondents are easily adapting to remote work  with 75% reporting that their tax compliance software makes it easier. They are working remotely relatively glitch-free  with many reporting that they can effectively collaborate with co-workers (75%)  finding it straightforward (72%) to exchange documents with clients without in-person contact.Additional survey highlights include:So far this year  46% of all mid-large firms with six or more full-time employees  and 41% of small firms with two-to-five full-time employees report recruiting remote staff from outside their geographical areas.Mid-to-large firms rely the most on temporary staff  11% more than in previous years and 18% more than the aggregate.82% of firms state that their team was up to speed on all the tax issues and updates that impact their returns  an increase of 8% from last year.72% of respondents agree that they were able to easily exchange documents with clients without in-person contact.Over 90% of all firms are confident client’s data is protected and secure.“Our 2023 study reveals valuable insights about remote working  staff management  obtaining tax information  as well as workflow and technology  that firms can benchmark against and apply to your firm ” said Dean Sonderegger  Senior Vice President and General Manager  Canada and Research & Learning  Wolters Kluwer TAA  North America. “Technology and digital transformation is seen to have a positive influence on every aspect of a firm’s business  from preparation and collaboration to client service and payment. Advanced tech tools  such as AI  have significant potential to impact how our industry provides accounting services now and in the future.”Firms are seeing the benefits of technology when it comes to workflowTechnology has truly changed the way accounting firms operate  making them more efficient.The survey showed that automation features such as autofill and job tracking saved time for just over 75% of respondents. Similarly  85% found that it was simple to follow the status of tax returns.On the other side  only 52% of respondents said they are using an electronic document management system. That means there is an opportunity for them to do so to improve their workflow.Firms need to continue to keep abreast of further technological advancements that can help make them more productive and profitable  according to Jill Weinstein  Director of Product Management  Wolters Kluwer TAA  North America. “Investing in a tech stack that will support productivity wherever your staff works remains critical for firms looking to maintain a competitive edge ” Weinstein noted. “In a remote or hybrid working world  the right tools and technology can make all the difference to your staff. They empower them to work at peak efficiency so your firm can achieve its revenue and growth targets and best serve your clients.”About the Wolters Kluwer Canadian Accounting Industry SurveyWolters Kluwer administered its online tax season survey after the completion of the 2023 tax season. This comprehensive Canadian survey covered five essential subjects related to today’s accounting world: working remotely  staff management  client service  obtaining tax information  and workflow and technology.A series of questions were given to industry professionals across Canada in English or French. Participants included members of public accounting firms of all sizes and included both customers and non-customers of Wolters Kluwer. For the purposes of this survey  mid-to-large firms are defined as having six or more full-time or full-time equivalent employees  and small firms are defined as having between two and five full-time or full-time equivalent employees.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231120877231/en/,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.35,0.15,True,English,"['Canadian Accounting Industry Survey', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'technology', 'competitiveness', '5th annual Canadian Accounting Industry Survey', 'Wolters Kluwer Canadian Accounting Industry Survey', 'electronic document management system', 'online tax season survey', 'Tax Season Challenges Report', 'remote working, staff management', 'comprehensive Canadian survey', 'Additional survey highlights', 'Official press release', 'Senior Vice President', 'hybrid working world', 'deep domain knowledge', 'WOLTERS KLUWER Survey', 'five essential subjects', 'Wolters Kluwer TAA', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'full-time equivalent employees', 'Advanced tech tools', 'five full-time employees', 'public accounting firms', '2023 Canadian Industry', 'tax compliance software', '2023 tax season', 'accounting world', 'Canadian firms', 'industry professionals', 'Product Management', 'tech stack', 'right tools', 'corporate compliance', 'tax issues', 'accounting services', 'remote staff', 'tax information', 'fresh air', 'post-pandemic trends', 'many reporting', 'person contact', 'geographical areas', 'temporary staff', 'previous years', 'valuable insights', 'Dean Sonderegger', 'General Manager', 'North America', 'digital transformation', 'positive influence', 'significant potential', 'automation features', 'job tracking', 'other side', 'technological advancements', 'competitive edge', 'peak efficiency', 'growth targets', 'global leader', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'tax returns', 'client service', 'mid-large firms', 'small firms', 'regulatory changes', 'busiest time', 'last year', 'Jill Weinstein', 'client collaboration', 'technology', 'results', 'workflow', 'data', 'breath', 'respondents', 'workers', 'documents', 'clients', 'six', 'two-to', 'aggregate', 'team', 'speed', 'updates', 'increase', '2023 study', 'Canada', 'Research', 'Learning', 'aspect', 'business', 'preparation', 'payment', 'future', 'benefits', 'way', 'autofill', 'status', 'opportunity', 'Director', 'productivity', 'difference', 'revenue', 'completion', 'today', 'series', 'questions', 'English', 'French', 'Participants', 'members', 'sizes', 'customers', 'purposes', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'financial', 'legal', 'ESG']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32971,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2782979/0/en/Eviden-launches-EcoDesignCloud.html,Eviden launches EcoDesignCloud,Press Release  Eviden launches EcoDesignCloud  Enhancing product sustainability with fast and effective Life Cycle Assessments (LCA)   Paris  France –......,Press ReleaseEviden launches EcoDesignCloudEnhancing product sustainability with fast and effective Life Cycle Assessments (LCA)Paris  France – November 20  2023 – Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in digital  cloud  big data and security today announces EcoDesignCloud  its new trusted cloud-based platform which helps organizations in their sustainable product management and development by providing a trusted calculation of the environmental impact of each product  at every stage of its lifecycle.Using Artificial Intelligence algorithms EcoDesignCloud provides multi-criteria measure of the environmental performance of any goods  providing 16 Product Environmental Footprint (PEF) impact indicators  taking into account end-to-end supply chain activities  thereby offering organizations a complete assessment.Advanced analysis at a glanceOrganizations today are faced with ever more stringent environmental regulations and are under pressure to meet sustainability targets and provide adequate reporting. Relying on internationally trusted and recognized data sources  EcoDesignCloud uses artificial intelligence to enable users to reliably assess the environmental impact and CO2 emissions for any product they design or purchase  throughout the supply chain  to help them meet their sustainability objectives and non-financial reporting requirements.Accelerate decision-making with environmental impact simulationUsing proven lifecycle inventory databases to generate an EcoScore  EcoDesignCloud allows product design and procurement teams to easily measure  view and assess the CO2 emissions and environmental impact of their products in a matter of minutes  rather than months compared to traditional methods  as well as easily create custom reports and compare assessments.“Our global vision is to accelerate businesses’ sustainable transformation by offering our customers a solution to massively evaluate products faster and at lower cost  thereby making sustainable transformation accessible to as many businesses as possible” said Emmanuel Le Roux  Group SVP  Global Head of HPC  AI & Quantum at Eviden  Atos Group.“EcoDesignCloud supports businesses integrate product design into the very heart of their environmental strategy  empowering them to develop their own eco-responsible expertise.”“Our EcoDesignCloud platform has various use cases  for example in manufacturing to enable to efficiently assess Scope 3 emissions1  and in the retail and Consumer Packaged Goods sector to support product designers  retailers and suppliers optimize the environmental impact of their products  packaging and merchandising solutions” said Benoit Couchon  Chief Revenue Officer EcoDesignCloud at Eviden  Atos Group.EcoDesignCloud is part of Eviden’s portfolio of sustainability solutions and consulting services  which are dedicated to supporting its customers in all industries to accelerate their decarbonization and CSR goals.For more information - https://ecodesigncloud.com/en***About Eviden2Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 47 countries. Bringing together 53 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 105 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactLaura Fau – laura.fau@atos.net – +33 (0) 6 73 64 04 181 Scope 3 are indirect emissions that are a consequence of a company’s activities but occur from sources not owned or controlled by it  but by those that it is indirectly responsible for up and down its value chain. An example of this is when we buy  use and dispose of products from suppliers. Scope 3 emissions include all sources not within the scope 1 and 2 boundaries.2 Eviden business is operated through the following brands: AppCentrica  ATHEA  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Profit4SF  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion. Eviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.33,0.39,True,English,"['Eviden', 'EcoDesignCloud', '16 Product Environmental Footprint (PEF) impact indicators', 'effective Life Cycle Assessments', 'proven lifecycle inventory databases', 'Consumer Packaged Goods sector', 'new trusted cloud-based platform', 'end supply chain activities', 'Emmanuel Le Roux', 'various use cases', 'worldwide leading positions', 'stringent environmental regulations', 'financial reporting requirements', 'environmental impact simulation', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'sustainable product management', 'Artificial Intelligence algorithms', 'next-gen technology leader', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'businesses’ sustainable transformation', 'secure information space', 'Atos Group business', 'Atos Group company', 'trusted calculation', 'environmental performance', 'environmental strategy', 'data-driven, trusted', 'value chain', 'adequate reporting', 'global leader', 'product sustainability', 'product design', 'annual revenue', 'end solutions', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'decarbonized digital', 'EcoDesignCloud platform', 'Press Release', 'multi-criteria measure', 'complete assessment', 'Advanced analysis', 'sustainability targets', 'CO2 emissions', 'sustainability objectives', 'procurement teams', 'traditional methods', 'custom reports', 'global vision', 'lower cost', 'many businesses', 'Group SVP', 'Global Head', 'merchandising solutions', 'Benoit Couchon', 'sustainability solutions', 'CSR goals', 'patented technologies', 'advanced computing', '53,000 world-class talents', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'indirect emissions', 'following brands', 'atos.net', 'big data', 'eco-responsible expertise', 'consulting services', 'deep expertise', '2 Eviden business', 'digital, cloud', 'Scope 3 emissions', 'strong portfolio', 'Euronext Paris', 'decarbonization services', 'data sources', 'Laura Fau', '1 Scope', 'scope 1', 'fast', 'LCA', 'France', 'security', 'organizations', 'development', 'stage', 'account', 'glance', 'pressure', 'internationally', 'users', 'decision-making', 'EcoScore', 'products', 'matter', 'minutes', 'months', 'compare', 'customers', 'Quantum', 'very', 'heart', 'example', 'manufacturing', 'retail', 'suppliers', 'packaging', 'part', 'industries', 'Eviden2', '47 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations', '105,000 employees', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'consequence', '2 boundaries', 'AppCentrica', 'ATHEA', 'Cloudamize', 'Cloudreach', 'Cryptovision', 'DataSentics', 'Edifixio', 'Energy4U']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32972,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Eviden-launches-EcoDesignCloud-45395820/,Eviden launches EcoDesignCloud,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Eviden launches EcoDesignCloud Enhancing product sustainability with fast and effective Life Cycle Assessments Paris  France – November 20  2023 – Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in digital  cloud  big data and secur…,Official press release from ATOS SEPress ReleaseEviden launches EcoDesignCloudEnhancing product sustainability with fast and effective Life Cycle Assessments (LCA)Paris  France – November 20  2023 – Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in digital  cloud  big data and security today announces EcoDesignCloud  its new trusted cloud-based platform which helps organizations in their sustainable product management and development by providing a trusted calculation of the environmental impact of each product  at every stage of its lifecycle.Using Artificial Intelligence algorithms EcoDesignCloud provides multi-criteria measure of the environmental performance of any goods  providing 16 Product Environmental Footprint (PEF) impact indicators  taking into account end-to-end supply chain activities  thereby offering organizations a complete assessment.Advanced analysis at a glanceOrganizations today are faced with ever more stringent environmental regulations and are under pressure to meet sustainability targets and provide adequate reporting. Relying on internationally trusted and recognized data sources  EcoDesignCloud uses artificial intelligence to enable users to reliably assess the environmental impact and CO2 emissions for any product they design or purchase  throughout the supply chain  to help them meet their sustainability objectives and non-financial reporting requirements.Accelerate decision-making with environmental impact simulationUsing proven lifecycle inventory databases to generate an EcoScore  EcoDesignCloud allows product design and procurement teams to easily measure  view and assess the CO2 emissions and environmental impact of their products in a matter of minutes  rather than months compared to traditional methods  as well as easily create custom reports and compare assessments.“Our global vision is to accelerate businesses’ sustainable transformation by offering our customers a solution to massively evaluate products faster and at lower cost  thereby making sustainable transformation accessible to as many businesses as possible” said Emmanuel Le Roux  Group SVP  Global Head of HPC  AI & Quantum at Eviden  Atos Group.“EcoDesignCloud supports businesses integrate product design into the very heart of their environmental strategy  empowering them to develop their own eco-responsible expertise.”“Our EcoDesignCloud platform has various use cases  for example in manufacturing to enable to efficiently assess Scope 3 emissions1  and in the retail and Consumer Packaged Goods sector to support product designers  retailers and suppliers optimize the environmental impact of their products  packaging and merchandising solutions” said Benoit Couchon  Chief Revenue Officer EcoDesignCloud at Eviden  Atos Group.EcoDesignCloud is part of Eviden’s portfolio of sustainability solutions and consulting services  which are dedicated to supporting its customers in all industries to accelerate their decarbonization and CSR goals.For more information - https://ecodesigncloud.com/en***About Eviden2Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 47 countries. Bringing together 53 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 105 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactLaura Fau – laura.fau@atos.net – +33 (0) 6 73 64 04 181 Scope 3 are indirect emissions that are a consequence of a company’s activities but occur from sources not owned or controlled by it  but by those that it is indirectly responsible for up and down its value chain. An example of this is when we buy  use and dispose of products from suppliers. Scope 3 emissions include all sources not within the scope 1 and 2 boundaries.2 Eviden business is operated through the following brands: AppCentrica  ATHEA  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Profit4SF  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion. Eviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.01,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Eviden', 'EcoDesignCloud', '16 Product Environmental Footprint (PEF) impact indicators', 'effective Life Cycle Assessments', 'proven lifecycle inventory databases', 'Consumer Packaged Goods sector', 'new trusted cloud-based platform', 'end supply chain activities', 'Emmanuel Le Roux', 'various use cases', 'worldwide leading positions', 'stringent environmental regulations', 'financial reporting requirements', 'environmental impact simulation', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'sustainable product management', 'Artificial Intelligence algorithms', 'Official press release', 'next-gen technology leader', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'businesses’ sustainable transformation', 'recognized data sources', 'secure information space', 'Atos Group business', 'Atos Group company', 'environmental performance', 'environmental strategy', 'value chain', 'trusted calculation', 'adequate reporting', 'internationally trusted', 'data-driven, trusted', 'global leader', 'product sustainability', 'product design', 'annual revenue', 'end solutions', 'Press contact', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'decarbonized digital', 'EcoDesignCloud platform', 'big data', 'multi-criteria measure', 'complete assessment', 'Advanced analysis', 'sustainability targets', 'CO2 emissions', 'sustainability objectives', 'procurement teams', 'traditional methods', 'custom reports', 'global vision', 'lower cost', 'many businesses', 'Group SVP', 'Global Head', 'merchandising solutions', 'Benoit Couchon', 'sustainability solutions', 'CSR goals', 'patented technologies', 'advanced computing', '53,000 world-class talents', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'indirect emissions', 'following brands', 'atos.net', 'eco-responsible expertise', 'consulting services', 'deep expertise', '2 Eviden business', 'digital, cloud', 'Scope 3 emissions', 'strong portfolio', 'Euronext Paris', 'ATOS SE', 'decarbonization services', 'Laura Fau', '1 Scope', 'scope 1', 'fast', 'LCA', 'France', 'November', 'security', 'organizations', 'development', 'stage', 'account', 'glance', 'pressure', 'users', 'decision-making', 'EcoScore', 'products', 'matter', 'minutes', 'months', 'compare', 'customers', 'HPC', 'Quantum', 'very', 'heart', 'example', 'manufacturing', 'retail', 'suppliers', 'packaging', 'part', 'industries', 'Eviden2', '47 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations', '105,000 employees', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'consequence', '2 boundaries', 'AppCentrica', 'ATHEA', 'Cloudamize', 'Cloudreach', 'Cryptovi']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32973,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARNEXT-SA-29750723/news/Pharnext-Sa-Pharnext-announces-successful-manufacturing-of-registration-batches-of-PXT3003-in-45395196/,Pharnext Sa : Pharnext announces successful manufacturing of registration batches of PXT3003 in the United States -November 20  2023 at 02:35 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  PARIS  France  November 20  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SCA   an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  announces the successf…,"Official press release from PHARNEXT SAPARIS  France  November 20  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SCA ( FR001400JXB0 - ALPHA) (the “Company”)  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  announces the successful manufacturing of the three registration batches of PXT3003 oral solution sachets in the United States (U.S.)  utilizing an innovative and state-of-the-art “form-fill-seal liquid sachets technology” and initiated the new drug application (NDA) registration stability at Unither Manufacturing LLC in Rochester  NY (USA).This will serve as an important step in preparing the NDA submission to the U.S. FDA (“Food and Drug Administration”) in 2024 and potential commercialization of PXT3003 for patients with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A) in the U.S. if the pivotal Phase III clinical study of PXT3003 (the PREMIER trial) is positive (topline data to be announced in December 2023).Contingent upon FDA approval  this product will be commercialized as 5-mL unit dose oral solution sachet.As a reminder  manufacturing transfer and scale-up of PXT3003 were successfully completed in the U.S. in January 2023[1].Raj Thota  Chief Manufacturing Officer  and Head of CMC of Pharnext  said: “It gives me immense pleasure to share update on the major milestones: completion of PXT3003 Oral solution registration batches' manufacturing and initiation of the stability for NDA registration. These activities will bring us further closer to our goal of filing NDA in 2024 and a potential launch upon NDA approval in 2025.”Hugo Brugière  Managing Director  concluded: ""We have taken another major step towards commercializing PXT3003. We are now eagerly awaiting the preliminary data from our pivotal Phase III clinical trial  which are now expected before mid-December. We will specify the timetable in the coming days.""DisclaimerPharnext arranged convertible bonds financing (OCEAN-BSA) with Global Tech Opportunities 13 which  after receiving the shares resulting from the conversion or exercise of these instruments  will not remain shareholder of the Company.The shares resulting from the conversion or exercise of the above-mentioned securities will generally be sold on the market at very short notice  which may create strong downward pressure on the share price.Shareholders may suffer a loss of their invested capital due to a significant fall in the Company's share price  as well as significant dilution due to the large number of securities issued to Global Tech Opportunities 13.Investors are advised to exercise extreme caution before deciding to invest in the securities of a listed company that carries out such dilutive financing transactions  particularly when they are carried out in succession. The Company wishes to point out that this is not the first dilutive financing transaction it has undertaken.Investors are invited to familiarize themselves with the risks associated with these transactions  as mentioned in the press release above.About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for neurodegenerative diseases currently without satisfactory therapeutic solutions. Pharnext has a first-in-class drug candidate  PXT3003  in development for Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a rare  debilitating  inherited peripheral neuropathy. PXT3003 benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. In 2018  PXT3003 completed a Phase III clinical trial  the PLEO-CMT trial  with encouraging topline results. This trial was followed by an open-label extension study  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  with 120 patients continuing treatment with PXT3003. Long-term data suggest a sustained benefit  safety  and efficacy  after 6 years of total trial time. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003  the PREMIER trial  enrolling 387 CMT1A patients was completed in August 2023. PREMIER topline results are expected in Q4 2023. PXT3003 originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com.Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth Stock Exchange in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400JXB0).ContactsFinancial Press RelationsACTUS finance & communicationAnne-Charlotte Dudicourtacdudicourt@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 32 Investor RelationsACTUS finance & communicationJérôme Fabreguettes Leibpharnext@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 78[1] Pharnext announces successful completion of manufacturing transfer and scale-up of PXT3003 in the United States in January 2023.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nZifZJyXZGyZy5yfYctrnJdkbGpilZadbpLLlmebY8icm2qWlJloa5yWZnFjnmtu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82968-2023.11.20_pxt3003_us_registration_batches_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,mixed,0.33,0.31,0.36,True,English,"['successful manufacturing', 'registration batches', 'United States', 'Pharnext Sa', 'PXT3003', 'November', '02:35', '5-mL unit dose oral solution sachet', 'Jérôme Fabreguettes Leib pharnext', 'art “form-fill-seal liquid sachets technology', 'international pivotal Phase III study', ""PXT3003 Oral solution registration batches' manufacturing"", 'pivotal Phase III clinical study', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'PXT3003 oral solution sachets', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'high unmet medical need', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A', 'Euronext Growth Stock Exchange', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'first dilutive financing transaction', 'three registration batches', 'open-label extension study', 'convertible bonds financing', 'Unither Manufacturing LLC', 'Chief Manufacturing Officer', 'Hugo Brugière', 'Global Tech Opportunities', 'strong downward pressure', 'satisfactory therapeutic solutions', 'rare, debilitating, inherited', 'Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt acdudicourt', 'dilutive financing transactions', 'class drug candidate', 'orphan drug status', 'total trial time', 'other risk factors', 'Official press release', 'original press release', 'NDA) registration stability', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Financial Press Relations', 'PREMIER topline results', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'U.S. FDA', 'NDA registration', 'successful manufacturing', 'manufacturing transfer', 'PREMIER trial', 'Drug Administration', 'PLEO-CMT trial', 'PLEO-CMT-FU trial', 'FDA approval', 'Investor Relations', 'other releases', 'topline data', 'listed company', 'The Company', 'novel therapeutics', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'United States', 'important step', 'NDA submission', 'potential commercialization', 'Raj Thota', 'immense pleasure', 'major milestones', 'potential launch', 'NDA approval', 'Managing Director', 'major step', 'preliminary data', 'coming days', 'short notice', 'share price', 'significant fall', 'significant dilution', 'large number', 'extreme caution', 'novel therapies', 'peripheral neuropathy', 'Long-term data', 'sustained benefit', 'financial reports', 'More information', 'ISIN code', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'PXT3003 benefits', 'PHARNEXT SA', 'Pharnext SCA', 'ACTUS finance', 'successful completion', '387 CMT1A patients', 'PXT3003.', '120 patients', 'PARIS', 'France', 'November', 'FR001400JXB0', 'ALPHA', 'innovative', 'Rochester', 'USA', 'Food', 'December', 'product', 'reminder', 'scale-up', 'January', 'Head', 'CMC', 'initiation', 'activities', 'goal', 'timetable', 'Disclaimer', 'OCEAN-BSA', 'shares', 'conversion', 'exercise', 'instruments', 'shareholder', 'securities', 'market', 'loss', 'capital', 'Investors', 'succession', 'risks', 'development', 'Europe', 'encouraging', 'treatment', 'safety', 'efficacy', '6 years', 'August', 'Q4', 'attention', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'publication', 'nZifZJyXZGyZy5yfYctrnJdkbGpilZadbpLLlmebY8icm2qWlJloa5yWZnFjnmtu', 'Full', 'PDF', '08:30']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32974,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/20/public-storage-nysepsa-shares-bought-by-hollencrest-capital-management/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Shares Bought by Hollencrest Capital Management,Hollencrest Capital Management grew its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 122.8% in the second quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The fund owned 225 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additio…,Hollencrest Capital Management grew its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 122.8% in the second quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The fund owned 225 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 124 shares during the period. Hollencrest Capital Management’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $66 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Pinnacle Bancorp Inc. increased its stake in shares of Public Storage by 200.0% during the 2nd quarter. Pinnacle Bancorp Inc. now owns 90 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $26 000 after purchasing an additional 60 shares in the last quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 1st quarter worth approximately $26 000. Focused Wealth Management Inc purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 2nd quarter worth approximately $29 000. ICA Group Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter worth approximately $29 000. Finally  DT Investment Partners LLC purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 1st quarter worth approximately $32 000. 78.75% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.Get Public Storage alerts:Analysts Set New Price TargetsSeveral research firms have commented on PSA. The Goldman Sachs Group began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  September 27th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $310.00 target price for the company. Morgan Stanley began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Thursday  September 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. StockNews.com began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Stifel Nicolaus lowered their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday  September 13th. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  October 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 price objective for the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the company currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $299.83.Insiders Place Their BetsIn other Public Storage news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday  November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total value of $98 148.00. Following the transaction  the insider now owns 13 286 shares in the company  valued at approximately $3 259 985.82. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is accessible through this link. 11.00% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders.Public Storage Stock PerformanceNYSE:PSA opened at $257.70 on Monday. The company has a current ratio of 0.98  a quick ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The firm has a market capitalization of $45.31 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.62  a PEG ratio of 3.14 and a beta of 0.50. The firm’s fifty day simple moving average is $259.31 and its 200 day simple moving average is $276.56. Public Storage has a twelve month low of $233.18 and a twelve month high of $316.48.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 EPS for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.21 by ($1.01). Public Storage had a return on equity of 34.76% and a net margin of 45.46%. The firm had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year  the firm earned $4.13 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% compared to the same quarter last year. As a group  equities research analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.76 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  December 28th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday  December 13th will be issued a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday  December 12th. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.66%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is currently 109.99%.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Hollencrest Capital Management', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Shares', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', '200 day simple moving average', 'DT Investment Partners LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'Focused Wealth Management Inc', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'Three equities research analysts', 'other Public Storage news', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Hollencrest Capital Management', 'Pinnacle Bancorp Inc.', 'Several research firms', 'Other hedge funds', 'other institutional investors', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'equal weight” rating', 'recent reporting period', 'twelve month low', 'current fiscal year', 'average target price', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage alerts', 'New Price Targets', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Holdings Channel.com', 'quarterly earnings data', 'average price', 'average rating', 'analyst estimates', '$310.00 target price', 'current ratio', 'quarterly dividend', 'research note', 'prior year', 'StockNews.com', 'MarketBeat.com', '$250.00 price objective', '$270.00 price objective', 'new position', 'quick ratio', 'earnings ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'buy” rating', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'Wells Fargo', 'Moderate Buy', 'total value', 'Exchange Commission', 'market capitalization', 'net margin', 'ex-dividend date', 'annualized basis', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', '3,028 self-storage faciliti', 'quarterly revenue', 'second quarter', '2nd quarter', 'last quarter', '1st quarter', '4th quarter', 'same quarter', 'equity ratio', 'additional 124 shares', 'additional 60 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', 'company insiders', '$3.00 dividend', '$12.00 dividend', '16.76 earnings', '225 shares', '90 shares', '400 shares', '13,286 shares', 'stake', 'coverage', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'Thursday', 'Saturday', 'October', 'Tuesday', 'Bets', 'business', 'transaction', 'Friday', 'November', 'sale', 'document', 'link', 'Monday', 'debt', 'beta', 'return', 'December', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'yield', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', '34.', '45.46', '4.6']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,etfdailynews.com
32975,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.cryptocynews.com/fidelity-investment-files-for-ethereum-spot-etf-cites-growing-demand-for-crypto/,Fidelity Investment Files for Ethereum Spot ETF Cites Growing Demand for Crypto,In a recent report  Fidelity Investment seeks to expand its product offering by introducing the Ethereum exchange-traded funds (ETF). On Thursday  November 16  the Fidelity team filed for the Ethereum ETF with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). …,In a recent report  Fidelity Investment seeks to expand its product offering by introducing the Ethereum exchange-traded funds (ETF). On Thursday  November 16  the Fidelity team filed for the Ethereum ETF with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).This impressive move aims at positioning Fidelity among the best asset managers across the world. The proposal was submitted a day after its top rival  BlackRock  had filed for an Ethereum ETF with the SEC. Apart from BlackRock  other asset managers  including VanEck  HashDex  Grayscale  and 21 Shares  among others  have already submitted their Ethereum spot ETFs.Fidelity Seeks to Offer Customer Ethereum ExposureFrom the multiple applications Fidelity has developed a unique approach to gain a competitive advantage. The report revealed that the Fidelity Ethereum spot ETF will enable the user to track the price performance of Ether (ETH) through Fidelity Ethereum Index.Consequently  the asset manager plans to list the Fidelity Ethereum spot ETF on the Cboe BZX exchange under the ticker symbol ETHF. The Fidelity team confessed that the Ethereum spot ETF filing aims at enabling the US retail customer to gain exposure to digital assets.The assets manager regretted that the lack of comprehensive legislation for crypto assets in the US had forced the investors to turn to conventional exchange-listed and other traded products. In an email statement  Fidelity’s spokesperson confirmed that the growing interest among the customers for an Ethereum spot ETF challenged the firm to take strategic action and file its proposal to the relevant authority.The spokesperson noted that a significant number of Fidelity customers had demonstrated their willingness to invest in digital assets. He vowed that the Boston-based asset manager will remain committed to offering the esteemed customers a unique portfolio of solutions.Fidelity Investment to Offer Ethereum Spot ETFThis portfolio will provide customers with a platform to explore different investment options. The spokesperson added that Fidelity will equip their customers with relevant knowledge crucial to making informed financial decisions.Beyond this  the asset manager plans to extend their staunch support to enable the users to meet their financial obligations. Elsewhere  the chief executive of Fidelity  Abigail Johnson  confessed that for a long time  the asset manager has been aiming to integrate crypto assets in its product offering.Last year  the Fidelity team introduced a Digital Asset Account (DAA) to allow employees to buy crypto assets. The assets manager confirmed that the eligible 401K employees could access the DAA.The launching of the DAA raised concerns among US policymakers. In July  the US policymakers recognized the unique features of the Fidelity Investment retirement plan. However  the lawmakers were a bit skeptical that the Fidelity DAA might expose the employees to the inherent risk of Bitcoin.With the changes in the financial landscape  the Fidelity team noted the potential gaps in the market that limit investors from venturing into low-risk investments such as the Ethereum ETF. The asset management pointed out challenges faced by investors seeking to tap the endless benefits of crypto assets.These challenges include legal uncertainty in the US  technical challenges  and counterparty risks.Citing the variety of spot crypto assets in the European market  the Fidelity team blamed the US government for restricting the public from gaining exposure to digital assets.Recently  the European regulators approved the Bitcoin ETF application submitted by the Jacobi group. The approval allowed the financial institution to list its Bitcoin spot ETF on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange on August 15.SEC Delays to Approve ETFsAn announcement conveyed by James Seyffart  a renowned ETF research analyst  revealed that the Fidelity application was among the seven Ethereum ETF applications submitted to the SEC. The executive stated that BlackRock leads other asset managers in applying for the Bitcoin and Ethereum ETF.He confessed that BlackRock boasts of managing assets worth around $8.5 trillion  while Fidelity has $4.5 trillion in assets under management. The BlackRock team anticipated that by launching the Bitcoin ETF  the investors would gain exposure to digital assets.,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.21,0.65,True,English,"['Fidelity Investment Files', 'Ethereum Spot ETF', 'Growing Demand', 'Crypto', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'renowned ETF research analyst', 'Ethereum spot ETF filing', 'seven Ethereum ETF applications', 'Fidelity Investment retirement plan', 'Fidelity Ethereum spot ETF', 'Ethereum exchange-traded funds', 'Cboe BZX exchange', 'other traded products', 'different investment options', 'best asset managers', 'other asset managers', 'Ethereum spot ETFs', 'informed financial decisions', 'Bitcoin spot ETF', 'Fidelity Ethereum Index', 'US retail customer', 'Digital Asset Account', 'Boston-based asset manager', 'eligible 401K employees', 'Customer Ethereum Exposure', 'spot crypto assets', 'The Fidelity team', 'Bitcoin ETF application', 'The BlackRock team', 'Exchange Commission', 'multiple applications', 'Fidelity application', 'financial obligations', 'financial landscape', 'financial institution', 'digital assets', 'assets manager', 'asset management', 'product offering', 'impressive move', 'top rival', 'unique approach', 'competitive advantage', 'price performance', 'ticker symbol', 'comprehensive legislation', 'conventional exchange-listed', 'email statement', 'growing interest', 'strategic action', 'relevant authority', 'significant number', 'relevant knowledge', 'staunch support', 'Abigail Johnson', 'long time', 'unique features', 'inherent risk', 'potential gaps', 'low-risk investments', 'endless benefits', 'legal uncertainty', 'counterparty risks', 'European regulators', 'Jacobi group', 'James Seyffart', 'US Securities', 'US policymakers', 'US government', 'recent report', 'unique portfolio', 'chief executive', 'European market', 'technical challenges', 'Fidelity DAA', 'SEC Delays', 'Fidelity customers', 'Thursday', 'November', 'world', 'proposal', 'VanEck', 'HashDex', 'Grayscale', '21 Shares', 'others', 'user', 'ETHF', 'investors', 'spokesperson', 'firm', 'willingness', 'solutions', 'platform', 'launching', 'concerns', 'July', 'lawmakers', 'changes', 'variety', 'public', 'approval', 'August', 'announcement']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,cryptocynews.com
32976,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STMICROELECTRONICS-N-V-4710/news/STMicroelectronics-N-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program-Form-6-K-45401228/,STMicroelectronics N : Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program - Form 6-K -November 20  2023 at 04:19 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)    UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   Washington  D.C. 20549   FORM 6-K   REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   For the month of …,"UNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington  D.C. 20549FORM 6-KREPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934For the month of November  2023Commission File Number: 1-13546STMicroelectronics N.V.(Name of Registrant)WTC Schiphol AirportSchiphol Boulevard 2651118 BH Schiphol AirportThe Netherlands(Address of Principal Executive Offices)Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F:Form 20-F x Form 40-F oEnclosure: A press release dated November 20  2023  announcing the results of trading in STMicroelectronics' own shares as part of the previously announced share buy-back program for the period from November 13  2023 to November 17  2023.PR N°C3214CSTMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares - Period from Nov 13  2023 to Nov 17  2023AMSTERDAM - November 20  2023 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the ""Company"" or ""STMicroelectronics"")  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the ""Program"") disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Nov 13  2023 to Nov 17  2023 (the ""Period"")  of 31 448 ordinary shares (equal to 0.003% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 38.6969 and for an overall price of EUR 1 216 940.13.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from debt financial instruments that are exchangeable into equity instruments.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 13-Nov-23 12 483 38.5430 481 132.27 XPAR 14-Nov-23 18 965 38.7982 735 807.86 XPAR Total for Period 31 448 38.6969 1 216 940.13Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 7 903 801 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.9% of the Company's issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are over 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. We are committed to achieving our goal to become carbon neutral on scope 1 and 2 and partially scope 3 by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comSIGNATURESPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned  thereunto duly authorized.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics N', 'Status', 'Form', 'November', '04:19', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'Principal Executive Offices', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'WTC Schiphol Airport', '1118 BH Schiphol Airport', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'debt financial instruments', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'share buy-back program', 'other lawful purpose', 'Commission File Number', 'D.C.', 'EXCHANGE COMMISSION', 'Schiphol Boulevard', 'overall price', 'equity instruments', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'UNITED STATES', 'check mark', 'annual reports', 'press release', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'repurchase transactions', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'The Netherlands', 'Own Shares', '31,448 ordinary shares', 'FORM 6-K', 'detailed form', 'Further information', 'XPAR Total', '7,903,801 treasury shares', 'Alexis Breton', 'Washington', 'RULE', 'month', 'November', 'Name', 'Registrant', 'Address', 'cover', 'Enclosure', 'results', 'trading', 'part', 'period', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Company', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'May', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'Dates', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'thousands', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'goal', 'scope', 'celine', 'SIGNATURES', 'requirements', 'behalf', '1934']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/20/2783043/0/en/VEON-3Q23-trading-update-raising-full-year-revenue-and-EBITDA-guidance-return-to-USD-revenue-growth-exit-from-Russia-completed.html,VEON 3Q23 trading update: raising full-year revenue and EBITDA guidance  return to USD revenue growth  exit from Russia completed,New York  20 November 2023 6:00AM ET –   VEON Q3 2023 Highlights  Revenue of USD 945 million  +6.1% YoY (+19.3% YoY in local currency)Service revenue...,"New York  20 November 2023 6:00AM ET –VEON Q3 2023 HighlightsRevenue of USD 945 million  +6.1% YoY (+19.3% YoY in local currency)Service revenue of USD 913 million  +6.9% YoY (+19.8% YoY in local currency)EBITDA of USD 444 million  +17.0% YoY (+30.6% YoY in local currency)Capex of USD 131 million  -29.8% YoY  with LTM capex intensity of 17.8%Revenues generated by 4G and Multiplay users of USD 474 million  +15.4% YoY (+27.7% YoY in local currency)Total cash and cash equivalents of USD 2.2 billion  with USD 1.8 billion at HQGross debt at USD 4.3 billion (decreased by USD 7.1 billion YoY)  with net debt excluding lease liabilities at USD 1.3 billion (decreased by USD 3.9 billion YoY)Net debt to EBITDA excluding leases is 0.86x in the current quarter  a reduction from 3.3x from the third quarter of 202292 million 4G users  up 12.9% YoY  with 58.8% penetration of customer base101 million cumulative monthly active users across all digital services and platforms as of 31 October 2023VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces selected financial and operating results for the third quarter and nine months ended 30 September 2023.In 3Q23  total revenues reached USD 945 million  an increase of 6.1% YoY in reported currency  (+19.3% YoY in local currency). Service revenues amounted to USD 913 million  an increase of 6.9% YoY in reported currency (+19.8% in local currency)  while EBITDA of USD 444 million represented a 17.0% YoY increase in reported currency terms (+30.6% YoY in local currency). Capex in 3Q23 was USD 131 million  a decline of 29.8% YoY  and reported capex intensity for the last twelve months was 17.8% (13.9% in the third quarter of 2023). Total cash and cash equivalents as of 30 September 2023 amounted to USD 2.2 billion with USD 1.8 billion held at the headquarters (“HQ”) level at the end of the quarter. VEON has raised its full-year local currency revenue growth guidance from 16-19% to 18-20%  its local currency EBITDA growth guidance from 10-14% to 18-20%  and its LTM Capex intensity guidance from 18-20% to 16-18%.Commenting on the results  Kaan Terzioğlu said: “In 3Q23  VEON delivered very strong organic growth as well as solid reported currency growth in both revenue and EBITDA  with our digital operator strategy helping to drive market share and wallet share gains across all our operations.VEON's digital operators are expanding their value propositions by providing digital experiences in financial services  entertainment  education and healthcare. At the end of the third quarter  multiplay customers who benefit from our digital services as well as 4G voice and data accounted for nearly 24% of our subscriber base and 42% of our subscribers revenues in the B2C segment. Beyond our connectivity base  we served nearly 30 million digital-only users with our digital applications.Following the completion of the sale of Russia operations  financial discipline remains our top priority. We have closed the quarter with a healthy balance sheet position. Net debt excluding leases has reduced from USD 5.1 billion in 3Q22 to USD 1.3 billion in 3Q23  while our net debt excluding leases to EBITDA ratio has declined from 3.3x in 3Q22 to 0.86x in 3Q23. Going forward  we will continue to focus on further optimising our cost structure and capital structure.”Today  VEON also discloses unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three-month period ended 30 September 2023 and the nine-month period ended 30 September 2023 for VEON Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiary  VEON Holdings B.V.Additional informationView the full 3Q23 trading updateView 3Q23 trading update presentationView 3Q23 factbookView unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of VEON Ltd.) as of and for the nine-month period ended September 30  2023About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information  visit: https://www.veon.com .Notice to readers: financial information presentedVEON's results and other financial information presented in this press release are  unless otherwise stated  prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (""IFRS"") based on internal management reporting  are the responsibility of management  and have not been externally audited  reviewed  or verified. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for any future period.On 24 November 2022  VEON Ltd. announced that following a competitive process  it had entered into an agreement to sell its Russian operations. Upon execution of the agreement  the Russian business has been classified as `held for sale' and `discontinued operations'  and accounted for as such  in line with the requirements of IFRS 5. The result is that the Russian operations do not contribute to VEON's comparison base or actual reported results in this press release (except with respect to net debt excluding leases as of 3Q22)  however  this classification has no impact on balance sheet amounts in prior periods. On 9 October 2023  VEON Ltd. announced that it completed its exit from Russia with the closing of the sale of its Russian operations to a group of senior members of the PJSC VimpelCom management team.Notice to readers: impact of the war in UkraineThe ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States  member states of the European Union  the European Union itself  the United Kingdom  Ukraine and certain other nations  counter-sanctions by Russia and other legal and regulatory responses  as well as responses by our service providers  partners  suppliers and other counterparties  and the consequences of all of the foregoing have impacted and  if the war  sanctions and such responses continue or escalate  may significantly impact our results and aspects of our operations in Ukraine  and may significantly affect our results and aspects of our operations in the other countries in which we operate. We are closely monitoring events in Russia and Ukraine  as well as the possibility of the imposition of further sanctions in connection with the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and any resulting further rise in tensions between Russia and the United States  the United Kingdom and/or the European Union.Although we have completed our exit from Russia  our operations in Ukraine continue to be affected by the war. We are doing everything we can to protect the safety of our employees  while continuing to ensure the uninterrupted operation of our communications  financial and digital services.DisclaimerVEON's results and other financial information presented in this press release are  unless otherwise stated  prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (""IFRS"") and have not been externally reviewed and audited. The financial information included in this press release is preliminary and is based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. The financial information presented herein is based on internal management accounts  is the responsibility of management and is subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and has not been audited  reviewed or verified. Certain amounts and percentages that appear in this press release have been subject to rounding adjustments. As a result  certain numerical figures shown as totals  including those in the tables  may not be an exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede or follow them. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the current period or any future period.This press release contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “may ” “might ” “will ” “could ” “would ” “should ” “expect ” “plan ” “anticipate ” “intend ” “seek ” “believe ” “estimate ” “predict ” “potential ” “continue ” “contemplate ” “possible” and other similar words. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s plans to implement its strategic priorities  including operating model and development plans; anticipated performance  including VEON’s ability to generate sufficient cash flow; VEON’s assessment of the impact of the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including related sanctions and counter-sanctions  on its current and future operations and financial condition; future market developments and trends; operational and network development and network investment  including expectations regarding the roll-out and benefits of 3G/4G/LTE networks  as applicable; spectrum acquisitions and renewals; the effect of the acquisition of additional spectrum on customer experience; VEON’s ability to realize the acquisition and disposition of any of its businesses and assets and to execute its strategic transactions in the timeframes anticipated  or at all; VEON’s ability to realize financial improvements  including an expected reduction of net pro-forma leverage ratio following the successful completion of certain dispositions and acquisitions; our dividends; and VEON’s ability to realize its targets and commercial initiatives in its various countries of operation.The forward-looking statements included in this press release are based on management’s best assessment of VEON’s strategic and financial position and of future market conditions  trends and other potential developments. These discussions involve risks and uncertainties. The actual outcome may differ materially from these statements as a result of  among other things: further escalation in the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including further sanctions and counter-sanctions and any related involuntary deconsolidation of our Ukrainian operations; demand for and market acceptance of VEON’s products and services; our plans regarding our dividend payments and policies  as well as our ability to receive dividends  distributions  loans  transfers or other payments or guarantees from our subsidiaries; continued volatility in the economies in VEON’s markets; governmental regulation of the telecommunications industries; general political uncertainties in VEON’s markets; government investigations or other regulatory actions; litigation or disputes with third parties or regulatory authorities or other negative developments regarding such parties; the impact of export controls and laws affecting trade and investment on our and important third-party suppliers' ability to procure goods  software or technology necessary for the services we provide to our customers; risks associated with our material weakness in internal control over financial reporting; risks associated with data protection or cyber security  other risks beyond the parties’ control or a failure to meet expectations regarding various strategic priorities  the effect of foreign currency fluctuations  increased competition in the markets in which VEON operates and the effect of consumer taxes on the purchasing activities of consumers of VEON’s services.Certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include the risk factors described in VEON’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2022 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on 24 July 2023 and other public filings made from time to time by VEON with the SEC. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our future results. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Under no circumstances should the inclusion of such forward-looking statements in this press release be regarded as a representation or warranty by us or any other person with respect to the achievement of results set out in such statements or that the underlying assumptions used will in fact be the case. Therefore  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. We cannot assure you that any projected results or events will be achieved. Except to the extent required by law  we disclaim any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  after the date on which the statements are made  or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Furthermore  elements of this press release contain or may contain  “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsFaisal Ghoriir@veon.comAttachments",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.55,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['VEON 3Q23 trading update', 'USD revenue growth', 'full-year revenue', 'EBITDA guidance', 'exit', 'Russia', 'unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements', 'full-year local currency revenue growth guidance', '101 million cumulative monthly active users', 'healthy balance sheet position', 'local currency EBITDA growth guidance', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'solid reported currency growth', 'full 3Q23 trading update', '3Q23 trading update presentation', 'LTM Capex intensity guidance', 'VEON Holdings B.V.', 'strong organic growth', '30 million digital-only users', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', '92 million 4G users', 'last twelve months', 'wallet share gains', 'internal management reporting', 'other financial information', 'global digital operator', 'digital operator strategy', 'VEON Q3 2023 Highlights', 'economic growth', 'Multiplay users', 'financial services', 'financial discipline', '160 million customers', 'currency terms', 'Service revenue', 'nine months', 'market share', 'digital services', 'digital operators', 'digital experiences', 'digital applications', 'New York', 'Total cash', 'cash equivalents', 'Gross debt', 'net debt', 'lease liabilities', 'customer base', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'value propositions', 'multiplay customers', '4G voice', 'subscriber base', 'B2C segment', 'connectivity base', 'top priority', 'cost structure', 'capital structure', 'three-month period', 'nine-month period', 'six countries', 'technology-driven services', 'press release', 'undue reliance', 'future period', 'competitive process', '3Q23 factbook', 'total revenues', 'subscribers revenues', 'current quarter', 'third quarter', 'Additional information', 'VEON Ltd', 'operating results', 'Russia operations', 'actual results', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'owned subsidiary', '17.0% YoY increase', '17.8% Revenues', '3% YoY', '6% YoY', '6.1% YoY', '6.9% YoY', '20 November', 'USD', 'HQ', 'leases', 'reduction', '58.8% penetration', 'platforms', '31 October', 'NASDAQ', 'decline', '30 September', 'headquarters', 'level', 'end', 'entertainment', 'education', 'healthcare', 'data', 'completion', 'sale', '3Q22', 'View', 'world', 'population', 'lives', 'individuals', 'Notice', 'readers', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'responsibility', '24 November', 'agre', '18']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,globenewswire.com
32978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-3Q23-trading-update-raising-full-year-revenue-and-EBITDA-guidance-return-to-USD-revenue-growt-45396659/,VEON 3Q23 trading update: raising full-year revenue and EBITDA guidance  return to USD revenue growth  exit from Russia completed -November 20  2023 at 06:01 am EST,(marketscreener.com) New York  20 November 2023 6:00AM ET – VEON Q3 2023 Highlights Revenue of USD 945 million  +6.1% YoY Service revenue of USD 913 million  +6.9% YoY EBITDA of USD 444 million  +17.0% YoY Capex of USD 131 million  -29.8% YoY  with LTM capex …,"Official press release from VEON LTD.New York  20 November 2023 6:00AM ET –VEON Q3 2023 HighlightsRevenue of USD 945 million  +6.1% YoY (+19.3% YoY in local currency)Service revenue of USD 913 million  +6.9% YoY (+19.8% YoY in local currency)EBITDA of USD 444 million  +17.0% YoY (+30.6% YoY in local currency)Capex of USD 131 million  -29.8% YoY  with LTM capex intensity of 17.8%Revenues generated by 4G and Multiplay users of USD 474 million  +15.4% YoY (+27.7% YoY in local currency)Total cash and cash equivalents of USD 2.2 billion  with USD 1.8 billion at HQGross debt at USD 4.3 billion (decreased by USD 7.1 billion YoY)  with net debt excluding lease liabilities at USD 1.3 billion (decreased by USD 3.9 billion YoY)Net debt to EBITDA excluding leases is 0.86x in the current quarter  a reduction from 3.3x from the third quarter of 202292 million 4G users  up 12.9% YoY  with 58.8% penetration of customer base101 million cumulative monthly active users across all digital services and platforms as of 31 October 2023VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces selected financial and operating results for the third quarter and nine months ended 30 September 2023.In 3Q23  total revenues reached USD 945 million  an increase of 6.1% YoY in reported currency  (+19.3% YoY in local currency). Service revenues amounted to USD 913 million  an increase of 6.9% YoY in reported currency (+19.8% in local currency)  while EBITDA of USD 444 million represented a 17.0% YoY increase in reported currency terms (+30.6% YoY in local currency). Capex in 3Q23 was USD 131 million  a decline of 29.8% YoY  and reported capex intensity for the last twelve months was 17.8% (13.9% in the third quarter of 2023). Total cash and cash equivalents as of 30 September 2023 amounted to USD 2.2 billion with USD 1.8 billion held at the headquarters (“HQ”) level at the end of the quarter. VEON has raised its full-year local currency revenue growth guidance from 16-19% to 18-20%  its local currency EBITDA growth guidance from 10-14% to 18-20%  and its LTM Capex intensity guidance from 18-20% to 16-18%.Commenting on the results  Kaan Terzioğlu said: “In 3Q23  VEON delivered very strong organic growth as well as solid reported currency growth in both revenue and EBITDA  with our digital operator strategy helping to drive market share and wallet share gains across all our operations.VEON's digital operators are expanding their value propositions by providing digital experiences in financial services  entertainment  education and healthcare. At the end of the third quarter  multiplay customers who benefit from our digital services as well as 4G voice and data accounted for nearly 24% of our subscriber base and 42% of our subscribers revenues in the B2C segment. Beyond our connectivity base  we served nearly 30 million digital-only users with our digital applications.Following the completion of the sale of Russia operations  financial discipline remains our top priority. We have closed the quarter with a healthy balance sheet position. Net debt excluding leases has reduced from USD 5.1 billion in 3Q22 to USD 1.3 billion in 3Q23  while our net debt excluding leases to EBITDA ratio has declined from 3.3x in 3Q22 to 0.86x in 3Q23. Going forward  we will continue to focus on further optimising our cost structure and capital structure.”Today  VEON also discloses unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three-month period ended 30 September 2023 and the nine-month period ended 30 September 2023 for VEON Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiary  VEON Holdings B.V.Additional informationView the full 3Q23 trading updateView 3Q23 trading update presentationView 3Q23 factbookView unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of VEON Ltd.) as of and for the nine-month period ended September 30  2023About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information  visit: https://www.veon.com .Notice to readers: financial information presentedVEON's results and other financial information presented in this press release are  unless otherwise stated  prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (""IFRS"") based on internal management reporting  are the responsibility of management  and have not been externally audited  reviewed  or verified. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for any future period.On 24 November 2022  VEON Ltd. announced that following a competitive process  it had entered into an agreement to sell its Russian operations. Upon execution of the agreement  the Russian business has been classified as `held for sale' and `discontinued operations'  and accounted for as such  in line with the requirements of IFRS 5. The result is that the Russian operations do not contribute to VEON's comparison base or actual reported results in this press release (except with respect to net debt excluding leases as of 3Q22)  however  this classification has no impact on balance sheet amounts in prior periods. On 9 October 2023  VEON Ltd. announced that it completed its exit from Russia with the closing of the sale of its Russian operations to a group of senior members of the PJSC VimpelCom management team.Notice to readers: impact of the war in UkraineThe ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States  member states of the European Union  the European Union itself  the United Kingdom  Ukraine and certain other nations  counter-sanctions by Russia and other legal and regulatory responses  as well as responses by our service providers  partners  suppliers and other counterparties  and the consequences of all of the foregoing have impacted and  if the war  sanctions and such responses continue or escalate  may significantly impact our results and aspects of our operations in Ukraine  and may significantly affect our results and aspects of our operations in the other countries in which we operate. We are closely monitoring events in Russia and Ukraine  as well as the possibility of the imposition of further sanctions in connection with the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and any resulting further rise in tensions between Russia and the United States  the United Kingdom and/or the European Union.Although we have completed our exit from Russia  our operations in Ukraine continue to be affected by the war. We are doing everything we can to protect the safety of our employees  while continuing to ensure the uninterrupted operation of our communications  financial and digital services.DisclaimerVEON's results and other financial information presented in this press release are  unless otherwise stated  prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (""IFRS"") and have not been externally reviewed and audited. The financial information included in this press release is preliminary and is based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. The financial information presented herein is based on internal management accounts  is the responsibility of management and is subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and has not been audited  reviewed or verified. Certain amounts and percentages that appear in this press release have been subject to rounding adjustments. As a result  certain numerical figures shown as totals  including those in the tables  may not be an exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede or follow them. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the current period or any future period.This press release contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “may ” “might ” “will ” “could ” “would ” “should ” “expect ” “plan ” “anticipate ” “intend ” “seek ” “believe ” “estimate ” “predict ” “potential ” “continue ” “contemplate ” “possible” and other similar words. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s plans to implement its strategic priorities  including operating model and development plans; anticipated performance  including VEON’s ability to generate sufficient cash flow; VEON’s assessment of the impact of the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including related sanctions and counter-sanctions  on its current and future operations and financial condition; future market developments and trends; operational and network development and network investment  including expectations regarding the roll-out and benefits of 3G/4G/LTE networks  as applicable; spectrum acquisitions and renewals; the effect of the acquisition of additional spectrum on customer experience; VEON’s ability to realize the acquisition and disposition of any of its businesses and assets and to execute its strategic transactions in the timeframes anticipated  or at all; VEON’s ability to realize financial improvements  including an expected reduction of net pro-forma leverage ratio following the successful completion of certain dispositions and acquisitions; our dividends; and VEON’s ability to realize its targets and commercial initiatives in its various countries of operation.The forward-looking statements included in this press release are based on management’s best assessment of VEON’s strategic and financial position and of future market conditions  trends and other potential developments. These discussions involve risks and uncertainties. The actual outcome may differ materially from these statements as a result of  among other things: further escalation in the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including further sanctions and counter-sanctions and any related involuntary deconsolidation of our Ukrainian operations; demand for and market acceptance of VEON’s products and services; our plans regarding our dividend payments and policies  as well as our ability to receive dividends  distributions  loans  transfers or other payments or guarantees from our subsidiaries; continued volatility in the economies in VEON’s markets; governmental regulation of the telecommunications industries; general political uncertainties in VEON’s markets; government investigations or other regulatory actions; litigation or disputes with third parties or regulatory authorities or other negative developments regarding such parties; the impact of export controls and laws affecting trade and investment on our and important third-party suppliers' ability to procure goods  software or technology necessary for the services we provide to our customers; risks associated with our material weakness in internal control over financial reporting; risks associated with data protection or cyber security  other risks beyond the parties’ control or a failure to meet expectations regarding various strategic priorities  the effect of foreign currency fluctuations  increased competition in the markets in which VEON operates and the effect of consumer taxes on the purchasing activities of consumers of VEON’s services.Certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include the risk factors described in VEON’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2022 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on 24 July 2023 and other public filings made from time to time by VEON with the SEC. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our future results. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Under no circumstances should the inclusion of such forward-looking statements in this press release be regarded as a representation or warranty by us or any other person with respect to the achievement of results set out in such statements or that the underlying assumptions used will in fact be the case. Therefore  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. We cannot assure you that any projected results or events will be achieved. Except to the extent required by law  we disclaim any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  after the date on which the statements are made  or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Furthermore  elements of this press release contain or may contain  “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsFaisal Ghoriir@veon.comAttachments",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.43,0.18,True,English,"['VEON 3Q23 trading update', 'USD revenue growth', 'full-year revenue', 'EBITDA guidance', 'exit', 'Russia', 'November', '06:01', 'unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements', 'full-year local currency revenue growth guidance', '101 million cumulative monthly active users', 'local currency EBITDA growth guidance', 'healthy balance sheet position', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'full 3Q23 trading update', '3Q23 trading update presentation', 'LTM Capex intensity guidance', 'VEON Holdings B.V.', 'solid reported currency growth', 'strong organic growth', '30 million digital-only users', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', '92 million 4G users', 'last twelve months', 'wallet share gains', 'internal management reporting', 'Official press release', 'other financial information', 'global digital operator', 'digital operator strategy', 'VEON Q3 2023 Highlights', 'economic growth', 'Multiplay users', 'financial services', 'financial discipline', '160 million customers', 'currency terms', 'Service revenue', 'nine months', 'market share', 'digital services', 'digital operators', 'digital experiences', 'digital applications', 'New York', 'Total cash', 'cash equivalents', 'Gross debt', 'net debt', 'lease liabilities', 'customer base', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'value propositions', 'multiplay customers', '4G voice', 'subscriber base', 'B2C segment', 'connectivity base', 'top priority', 'cost structure', 'capital structure', 'three-month period', 'nine-month period', 'six countries', 'technology-driven services', 'undue reliance', 'future period', '3Q23 factbook', 'total revenues', 'subscribers revenues', 'current quarter', 'third quarter', 'VEON LTD.', 'Additional information', 'operating results', 'Russia operations', 'actual results', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'owned subsidiary', '17.0% YoY increase', '17.8% Revenues', '3% YoY', '6% YoY', '7% YoY', '6.1% YoY', '6.9% YoY', '20 November', 'USD', 'HQ', 'leases', 'reduction', '58.8% penetration', 'platforms', '31 October', 'NASDAQ', 'decline', '30 September', 'headquarters', 'level', 'end', 'entertainment', 'education', 'healthcare', 'data', 'completion', 'sale', '3Q22', 'View', 'world', 'population', 'lives', 'individuals', 'Notice', 'readers', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'responsibility', '24 November', 'competiti', '29.', '18']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEXAOM-58808496/news/Hexaom-2023-9-MONTH-REVENUE-UP-8-4-TO-EUR-755-6-MILLION-CONFIRMED-OUTLOOK-45399916/,Hexaom : 2023 9-MONTH REVENUE UP +8.4% TO EUR 755.6 MILLION - CONFIRMED OUTLOOK -November 20  2023 at 11:45 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  Consolidated unaudited3rd quarter9 months20232022% change20232022% changeRevenue203.6196.7+3.5%755.6697.1+8.4%Home Building175.2162.9+7.6%647.2589.0+9.9%B2C Renovation12.611.1+13.4%40.837.6+8.5…,"Official press release from HEXAOMConsolidated (€M)unaudited 3rd quarter 9 months(January 1st - September 30th) 2023 2022 % change 2023 2022 % change Revenue 203.6 196.7 +3.5% 755.6 697.1 +8.4% Home Building 175.2 162.9 +7.6% 647.2 589.0 +9.9% B2C Renovation 12.6 11.1 +13.4% 40.8 37.6 +8.5% Land development 4.9 10.4 -52.9% 20.4 27.0 -24.4% Real estate development 10.9 12.3 -11.5% 47.2 43.6 +8.4%Production for the first 9 months: Up 8.4% to €755.6 millionOver nine months  Hexaom's group production brought in €755.6 million  representing organic growth of 8.4%.For the third quarter of 2023  Hexaom posted revenue of €203.6 million  up +3.5% compared to the same period last year.Revenue for the first nine months of the year can be broken down by business segment as follows:The Home Building business brought in revenue of €647.2 million  up 9.9% compared with the same period last year. Despite an expected drop in activity in the second half of 2023  production levels as of the end of September remain buoyant  showing robust performance with a +7.6% increase in revenue.The B2C Renovation business is growing steadily  primarily due to the expansion of its sales network. Its revenue increased by +8.5% to €40.8 million.Revenue from intermediated business  carried out via the franchise network  increased by +22.4% to €6.1 million. Revenue from the “general contractor” business increased by +6.4% to €34.6 million.The Land development business is performing according to the trends in the real estate market and the group's forecasts  with revenue of €20.4 million.Finally  revenue from the Real Estate Development business reached €47.2 million  growing over the nine-month period even though there was an 11.5% drop in the third quarter. This decrease was due to a significant market slowdown and delays in some projects.Order intake at September 30th  2023  in line with Group expectationsIn the challenging real estate market characterized by persistent high inflation for more than two years  increasing interest rates  and stricter financing conditions  the Group Hexaom is prioritizing profit margins over sales volume. Additionally  the group is enhancing its business-to-consumer renovation segment to capitalize on this more buoyant market.Home Building Business :Order intake at September 30th  2023 amounted to €436.8 million  down 39.9% in value and 44.6% in volume. They remain on the same trend as at June 30th  2023 and are in line with the market.The significant increase in construction costs experienced in recent years is now showing signs of slowing down. In this context  the average selling price has remained steady for three months at €166k excluding tax.B2C Renovation Business :The B2C Renovation business benefits from a more favorable market  efforts to expand franchise networks  and the phased introduction of a general contractor “renovation/extension” offering across all the group's construction divisions.The general contractor business brought in €30.7 million over the period. Order intake for intermediated business stood at €74.7 million.Land and Real Estate Development Businesses :The Real Estate Development business backlog  at September 30th  2023  was €136.0 million and the total potential inventory to be delivered represented revenue of €398.9 million  or 1 819 housing units. The group remains vigilant about the reservation rate for its projects and the mix of bulk and retail sales. The group underlines that it does not have any high-risk land purchase agreements (regarding either the price or potential future sales)  nor is it involved in projects with selling prices that deviate significantly from current market rates.For the Land Development business  the order book (reserved inventory not yet signed) stands at €14.8 million  representing 198 lots  in line with group forecasts and trends in the home-building market.Group Hexaom confirms its objectivesFor 2023  the group confirms annual revenue growth (on a like-for-like basis) of between 5% and 7%  with improved operating profitability.In 2024  in a still challenging market  especially in the first quarter  the group anticipates a decrease in production by 25 to 30% as projected several months earlier. An ambitious action plan is being rolled out  specifically targeting the adjustment of the cost structure to the market downturn  while aiming at preserving profit margins and effectively controlling working capital.In the current market  Group Hexaom  as a leading player in home building  is well placed to acquire sites from defaulting builders. This positions Hexaom advantageously to expand its market share in a sector undergoing consolidation.The group will also benefit from the contribution of its diversified Real Estate Development  Land Development and Services businesses  and from an acceleration in the B2C Renovation business.Considering these factors and its solid financial structure  the group is confident in its ability to navigate this market cycle and come out even more resilient in all its business lines.Next press release: 2023 Q4 Revenue  February 7th  2024  after market close.ABOUT THE GROUPSince 1919  five generations of the same family have successively taken over the helm of HEXAOM  a group that drives and federates an ecosystem of 46 brands and subsidiaries with complementary expertise. A unique story of family entrepreneurship characterized by its stability in a complex market sector. The group  leader in the home building  renovation  and first-time owners' markets in France currently serves more than 12 000 customers a year  has built more than 110 000 houses  has carried out over 85 000 renovations  employs more than 1 700 people  and recorded revenue of €964 million in 2022.HEXAOM is listed on Euronext Growth Paris.HEXAOM equities are eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plan. ISIN code: FR 0004159473 -Mnemonic ALHEXCONTACTS HEXAOMLoic VandrommeChief Executive Officer - Tel: + 33 2 33 80 66 61E-mail: secretariat.direction@hexaom.frJean-Christophe Godet Chief Financial Officer- Tel: + 33 2 33 80 66 61E-mail: finances@hexaom.frAmalia Naveira - Analyst/Investor/Press Relations - Tel: + 33 6 31 35 99 50E-mail: hexaom@edifice-communication.comGLOSSARY:Gross order intake: a contract is recorded in the gross order intake as soon as it is signed by the customer and accepted by our sales administration department (administrative control of the documents and validity of the financing plan  site inspection  verification  and acceptance of the selling price). The amount recorded corresponds to the revenue excluding taxes to be generated by the contract.Backlog (real estate development): represents the group's already secured future revenue  expressed in euros  for its real estate development business. The backlog includes reservations for which notarial deeds of sale have not yet been signed and the portion of revenue remaining to be generated on units for which notarial deeds of sale have already been signed (portion remaining to be built).Order book (land development): represents recorded land orders that have not been canceled and for which notarial deeds of sale have not yet been signed.Production in progress: all orders for which the conditions precedent to begin work have been met (building permit and client financing obtained  client ownership of the land) and which have not been accepted by the client (delivered)Change in like-for-like revenue: changes in revenue for the periods under comparison  recalculated as follows:- in the event of an acquisition  revenue from the acquired company is deducted from the current period if it was not part of the group during the previous period - in the event of a sale  the revenue of the divested company that is no longer part of the group during the current period is deducted from the comparison period.B2B (business to business): refers to transactions conducted between two companies.B2C (business to consumer): refers to transactions conducted between the company and consumers.Net contribution margin: corresponds to the difference between the revenue generated by contracts and the costs directly related to these contracts (construction costs  sales or broker commissions  taxes  insurance  etc.).Current operating income: intended to present the group's operating performance excluding the impact of non-recurring operations and events during the period.Cash position: includes cash on hand and demand deposits.Debt: includes all current and non-current financial liabilities except leases according to the restatement of IFRS 16.Net cash: cash position less debt.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: ymxtZJRtZG7KlmmcZpVrmJRrbW1ik2iZaGHLx2luY8ibbXFmyppka5zKZnFjnm1o- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- Third quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82982-hexaom-ca3t23_en-us.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,mixed,0.3,0.13,0.58,True,English,"['9-MONTH REVENUE', 'CONFIRMED OUTLOOK', 'Hexaom', '755.6 MILLION', 'November', '11:45', 'The Real Estate Development business backlog', 'diversified Real Estate Development', 'high-risk land purchase agreements', 'Real Estate Development Businesses', 'The B2C Renovation business', 'The Land development business', 'challenging real estate market', 'The Home Building business', 'general contractor” business', 'general contractor business', 'Official press release', 'persistent high inflation', 'stricter financing conditions', 'ambitious action plan', 'consumer renovation segment', 'solid financial structure', 'unaudited 3rd quarter', 'potential future sales', 'average selling price', 'total potential inventory', 'significant market slowdown', 'current market rates', 'first nine months', 'annual revenue growth', 'business segment', 'challenging market', 'intermediated business', 'business li', 'Services businesses', 'first 9 months', 'first quarter', 'organic growth', 'interest rates', 'cost structure', 'buoyant market', 'favorable market', 'home-building market', 'market downturn', 'market share', 'market cycle', 'third quarter', 'sales network', 'three months', 'retail sales', 'second half', 'robust performance', 'franchise network', 'Order intake', 'two years', 'profit margins', 'same trend', 'June 30th', 'significant increase', 'construction costs', 'recent years', 'construction divisions', '1,819 housing units', 'reservation rate', 'order book', 'operating profitability', 'working capital', 'leading player', 'defaulting builders', 'September 30th', 'same period', 'nine-month period', 'sales volume', 'production levels', 'Group expectations', 'group production', 'group forecasts', 'Group Hexaom', '+7.6% increase', 'January', '2022 % change', 'drop', 'activity', 'expansion', 'trends', 'decrease', 'delays', 'projects', 'line', 'value', 'signs', 'context', 'tax', 'efforts', 'introduction', 'renovation/extension', 'mix', 'bulk', 'prices', 'reserved', '198 lots', 'objectives', 'basis', 'adjustment', 'sites', 'sector', 'consolidation', 'contribution', 'acceleration', 'factors', '25']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/5034608167608018,Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc Announces Update re acquisition of CCBPI,UXBRIDGE  ENGLAND / ACCESSWIRE / November 20  2023 /  Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc (NASDAQ:CCEP)(LSE:CCEP) today announces it has  together with Aboitiz Equity Ventures Inc. (AEV)  entered into a definitive agreement to jointly acquire Coca-Cola ...,"Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc Announces Update re acquisition of CCBPIUXBRIDGE  ENGLAND / ACCESSWIRE / November 20  2023 / Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc (NASDAQ:CCEP)(LSE:CCEP) today announces it has  together with Aboitiz Equity Ventures Inc. (AEV)  entered into a definitive agreement to jointly acquire Coca-Cola Beverages Philippines  Inc. (CCBPI) from The Coca-Cola Company (KO)Share Purchase Agreement (SPA)Further to the announcement on 2 August 2023  CCEP today announces that it has completed its due diligence and entered into a definitive agreement  together with AEV  to acquire 100% of CCBPI from KOThe SPA confirms the key terms of the proposed acquisition: 60:40 ownership structure between CCEP and AEV 1 Values 100% of CCBPI at US$1.8 billion on a debt-free  cash-free basis Comprehensive governance arrangements agreed between CCEP and AEVThe SPA is subject to a number of customary closing conditions  including receipt of required regulatory approvalsCompelling strategic rationaleThe acquisition will build on CCEP's successful expansion into Australia  Pacific & Indonesia (API) in 2021  further strengthening the partnership with its significant shareholder KO  and positioning CCEP as the world's largest Coca-Cola bottler by both revenue and volume while supporting its long-term growth strategy and focus on driving shareholder value.CCEP's acquisition of CCBPI  with AEV  one of the leading conglomerates in the local market  offers a great opportunity to co-own an established  well-run business with attractive profitability and growth prospects.The transaction is a further step for CCEP to create a more diverse footprint within its existing API business segment. It will also provide the opportunity to leverage best practice and talent  including supporting Indonesia's transformation journey. It is therefore aligned with CCEP's aim of driving sustainable and stronger growth through diversification and scale  and underpins the company's mid-term strategic objectives._______________________1 Subject to adjustment in the event of any currently unforeseen event which causes AEV to terminate its participation in the acquisition - in which case CCEP may acquire 60% or 100% of CCBPI (at the election of KO)Further informationThe transaction is currently expected to close early next year. Further updates will be provided in due course.For more information  please see our website:AdvisersRothschild & Co are acting as financial adviser to CCEP. BofA Securities2 are acting as adviser to the Affiliated Transaction Committee (ATC) of the Board of Directors of CCEP. Slaughter and May and Villaraza & Angangco are acting as legal counsel to CCEP.Related party transactionBy reason of KO's shareholding in CCEP  the sellers are treated as related parties of CCEP. The transaction has been reviewed and recommended by the ATC of CCEP  which has been independently advised by BofA Securities2 on the financial terms of the transaction  and  in line with requirements of the UK Disclosure and Transparency Rules  approved by the Board of Directors of CCEP who are not nominated by KO.About CCEP (LEI 549300LTH67W4GWMRF57)CCEP is one of the leading consumer goods companies in the world. We make  move and sell some the world's most loved brands - serving 600 million consumers and helping 2 million customers across 30 countries grow their business.We combine the strength and scale of a large  multi-national business with an expert  local knowledge of the customers we serve and communities we support.The Company is currently listed on Euronext Amsterdam  the NASDAQ Global Select Market  London Stock Exchange and on the Spanish Stock Exchanges  trading under the symbol CCEP.For more information about CCEP  please visit www.cocacolaep.com & follow CCEP on Twitter at @CocaColaEP._______________________2 Merrill Lynch International (""BofA Securities"")  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for CCEP in connection with the transaction that is the subject of this announcement and for no one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than CCEP for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to such transaction.About AEVAEV is one of the leading conglomerates in the Philippines with over 100 years of business history. It has major investments in power  banking and financial services  food  infrastructure  land  and data science and artificial intelligence. AEV is recognized as one of the best-managed companies in the Philippines and the region  consistently cited for its commitment to good corporate governance and sustainability. Currently  the company is on its Great Transformation journey to become the Philippines' first Techglomerate as it continues to drive change for a better world by advancing business and communities.AEV is a member of the United Nations Global Compact  Global Compact Network Philippines Board of Trustees  the APEC Business Advisory Council and the Council for Inclusive Capitalism  and helps champion sustainability initiatives on a regional level through policies  advocacies  and initiatives that contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). With a clear focus on ESG  the company is implementing its #OneAboitizSustainability Synergy model which transforms its life-essential businesses to improve sustainable practices and continue to create a positive impact on society and the environment.Link to AEV's website and release: https://aboitiz.com/investor-relations/disclosure/EnquiriesGeneral Counsel and Company Secretary: Clare Wardle; secretariat@ccep.comInvestor Relations: Sarah Willett; sarah.willett@ccep.comMedia: ccep@portland-communications.comForward-Looking StatementsThis document contains statements  estimates or projections that constitute ""forward-looking statements"" concerning the financial condition  performance  results  guidance and outlook  dividends  consequences of mergers  acquisitions  joint ventures  and divestitures  including the proposed joint venture with Aboitiz Equity Ventures Inc. (AEV) and acquisition of Coca-Cola Beverages Philippines  Inc. (CCBPI)  strategy and objectives of Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc and its subsidiaries (together CCEP or the Group). Generally  the words ""ambition""  ""target""  ""aim""  ""believe""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""anticipate""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""seek""  ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""should""  ""might""  ""will""  ""forecast""  ""outlook""  ""guidance""  ""possible""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""objective"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements  which generally are not historical in nature.Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from CCEP's historical experience and present expectations or projections. As a result  undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made. These risks include but are not limited to:those set forth in the ""Risk Factors"" section of CCEP's 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on 17 March 2023 and as updated and supplemented with the additional information set forth in the ""Principal Risks and Risk Factors"" section of the H1 2023 Half-year Report filed with the SEC on 2 August 2023; risks and uncertainties relating to the global supply chain and distribution  including impact from war in Ukraine and increasing geopolitical tensions and conflicts including in the Middle East and Asia Pacific region  such as the risk that the business will not be able to guarantee sufficient supply of raw materials  supplies  finished goods  natural gas and oil and increased state-sponsored cyber risks; risks and uncertainties relating to the global economy and/or a potential recession in one or more countries  including risks from elevated inflation  price increases  price elasticity  disposable income of consumers and employees  pressure on and from suppliers  increased fraud  and the perception or manifestation of a global economic downturn; risks and uncertainties relating to potential global energy crisis  with potential interruptions and shortages in the global energy supply  specifically the natural gas supply in our territories. Energy shortages at our sites  our suppliers and customers could cause interruptions to our supply chain and capability to meet our production and distribution targets; risks and uncertainties relating to potential water use reductions due to regulations by national and regional authorities leading to a potential temporary decrease in production volume; and risks and uncertainties relating to the proposed joint venture with AEV and acquisition of CCBPI  including the risk that the proposed transactions may not be consummated on the currently contemplated terms or at all  or that our integration of CCBPI's business and operations may not be successful or may be more difficult  time consuming or costly than expected.Due to these risks  CCEP's actual future financial condition  results of operations  and business activities  including its results  dividend payments  capital and leverage ratios  growth  including growth in revenue  cost of sales per unit case and operating profit  free cash flow  market share  tax rate  efficiency savings  achievement of sustainability goals  including net zero emissions and recycling initiatives  capital expenditures  our agreements relating to and results of the proposed joint venture with AEV and acquisition of CCBPI  and ability to remain in compliance with existing and future regulatory compliance  may differ materially from the plans  goals  expectations and guidance set out in forward-looking statements. These risks may also adversely affect CCEP's share price. Additional risks that may impact CCEP's future financial condition and performance are identified in filings with the SEC which are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. CCEP does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise  except as required under applicable rules  laws and regulations. Any or all of the forward-looking statements contained in this filing and in any other of CCEP's public statements may prove to be incorrect.EndThis information is provided by RNS  the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information  please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com.SOURCE: Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plcView source version on accesswire.com:",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.65,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc', 'Update re acquisition', 'CCBPI', 'Global Compact Network Philippines Board', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'Aboitiz Equity Ventures Inc.', 'Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc', 'NASDAQ Global Select Market', 'leading consumer goods companies', 'existing API business segment', 'APEC Business Advisory Council', 'largest Coca-Cola bottler', 'debt-free, cash-free basis', 'Comprehensive governance arrangements', 'customary closing conditions', 'Compelling strategic rationale', 'mid-term strategic objectives', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Spanish Stock Exchanges', '2 Merrill Lynch International', 'good corporate governance', 'Coca-Cola Beverages Philippines', 'expert, local knowledge', 'large, multi-national business', 'Share Purchase Agreement', 'long-term growth strategy', 'Affiliated Transaction Committee', 'Great Transformation journey', 'Update re acquisition', 'The Coca-Cola Company', 'Related party transaction', 'significant shareholder KO', 'local market', 'managed companies', 'leading conglomerates', 'shareholder value', 'related parties', 'run business', 'business history', 'definitive agreement', 'growth prospects', 'stronger growth', 'NASDAQ:CCEP', 'due diligence', 'The SPA', 'key terms', '60:40 ownership structure', 'regulatory approvals', 'successful expansion', 'great opportunity', 'attractive profitability', 'diverse footprint', 'best practice', 'Further updates', 'due course', 'Advisers Rothschild', 'BofA Securities2', 'legal counsel', 'financial terms', 'UK Disclosure', 'Transparency Rules', 'LEI 549300LTH67W4GWMRF57', 'loved brands', '600 million consumers', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'America Corporation', 'major investments', 'financial services', 'data science', 'artificial intelligence', 'first Techglomerate', 'Inclusive Capitalism', 'unforeseen event', 'financial adviser', '2 million customers', 'Further information', 'AEV 1 Values', 'LSE:CCEP', 'CCBPI', 'UXBRIDGE', 'ENGLAND', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'November', 'announcement', '2 August', 'number', 'receipt', 'Australia', 'Indonesia', 'partnership', 'world', 'revenue', 'volume', 'focus', 'established', 'step', 'talent', 'aim', 'sustainable', 'diversification', 'scale', 'adjustment', 'participation', 'case', 'election', 'website', 'ATC', 'Directors', 'Slaughter', 'May', 'Villaraza', 'Angangco', 'reason', 'shareholding', 'sellers', 'line', 'requirements', '30 countries', 'strength', 'communities', 'symbol', 'cocacolaep', 'Twitter', 'subsidiary', 'Bank', 'connection', 'subject', 'protections', 'clients', 'advice', 'relation', '100 years', 'power', 'food', 'infrastructure', 'region', 'commitment', 'sustainability', 'member', 'Trustees', 'champion']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,investorsobserver.com
32981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LHYFE-137697440/news/Lhyfe-The-digital-platform-Lhyfe-Heroes-is-being-enriched-and-improved-to-support-the-deployment-o-45394868/,Lhyfe : The digital platform Lhyfe Heroes is being enriched and improved to support the deployment of Hydrogen Mobility development projects with even greater efficiency  and is now launching its first Group-Buy Offers  in France,(marketscreener.com)    Thirty-three trusted partners from across the entire Hydrogen Mobility value chain   Ten new functionalities to facilitate matchmaking between buyers and sellers   A Services category in addition to that for Equipment   Inf…,"Thirty-three trusted partners from across the entire Hydrogen Mobility value chainTen new functionalities to facilitate matchmaking between buyers and sellersA Services category in addition to that for EquipmentInformation on the maturity of the listed solutions (available/coming soon)Two first Group Buy Offers from partners Stellantis and GCK MobilityNantes (France)  20 November 2023  7.30 am - a year after its launch  Lhyfe Heroes is taking part in the Solutrans Transport and Logistics trade show where it will present a new version of its digital platform that facilitates the transition to hydrogen for mobility players. It continues to innovate with the creation of a ""Group Buy"" service  which allows local players within Hydrogen Ecosystems to pool their orders to take advantage of economies of scale. The first offers have been launched by Stellantis and GCK Mobility (a subsidiary of GCK) and are already available in the French regions of Pays de la Loire  Occitanie and Ile-de-France.Above: The new version of the Lhyfe Heroes online platformLhyfe Heroes: A digital platform featuring more and more partners to support businesses and local authorities wishing to switch to hydrogenAs a pure player in the production and delivery of green and renewable hydrogen  Lhyfe has in-depth knowledge of all the building blocks necessary for the creation of a complete value chain in renewable hydrogen. While hydrogen production is essential  other players are just as key  such as the fuel distributors that open filling stations  fuel delivery specialists  hydrogen vehicle manufacturers  power generator manufacturers  research and consulting bodies  etc. Lhyfe Heroes brings together all of these players  in order to make all the necessary information available to those wishing to switch to hydrogen  thus facilitating the emergence of a true hydrogen ecosystem. Features include a simulator allowing you to assess your needs and the kilos of CO2 avoided  a catalogue listing hydrogen players  an ""Ecosystems"" feature which allows you to identify hydrogen pioneers near you for launching joint initiatives and  the latest addition  a ""Group Buy"" service.A year after its launch  Lhyfe Heroes features more than 30 businesses from across the entire value chain  including vehicle manufacturers like Stellantis and GCK Mobility  hydrogen station builders like PRF and HRS  power generator producers like Powidian  engineering and consulting firms like Synops Conseil  and providers of digital solutions specific to hydrogen like Point Twelve.These partners  whose solutions feature in the Equipment and Services catalogue  agree to ensure that the information concerning them is reliable and up to date.In addition to Equipment  this autumn Lhyfe Heroes added a Services category  providing the building bricks necessary for implementing a hydrogen project from scratch  including consulting services  project management  digital solutions  and tailor-made support for hydrogen refits and storage.To bring users the most accurate and up-to-date information possible in this newly emerging hydrogen industry  Lhyfe Heroes has decided to divide its catalogue into two parts:Equipment and services that are ready and available for sale now  and whose information has been approved by the Lhyfe Heroes partners themselves. There are about 60 such listings on the portal;There are about 60 such listings on the portal; Other equipment and services (around a hundred listings) including: Offers from Lhyfe Heroes partners that are due to come on the market in the coming months and years  Other products and services that Lhyfe Heroes have identified through market intelligence.(around a hundred listings) including:Differentiating available offers from those coming soon means that users continue to have good visibility on the development of the sector  but can also build a concrete ecosystem in the very short term.Increasingly advanced and comprehensive functionalities  and a new ""Group Buy Offer""Customers can now talk directly to vendors thanks to a live chat facility  designed to accelerate buyer-seller connections. For the same purpose of facilitating processes  they can now also request quotes online where hydrogen is concerned.Vendor partners have access to a portal allowing them to publish and modify product information and manage their presence on the platform themselves. The online chat facility means that they can reply immediately and directly to interested customers.Since the launch of the Hydrogen Ecosystems management feature  last April  Lhyfe Heroes has already set up several online user areas on the platform for real regional ecosystems in France and Germany. This autumn it became possible for vendor partners to promote their products and services to these ecosystems via the platform.To take the local synergies logic a step further  Lhyfe Heroes is today announcing the launch of a Group Buy Offer  applicable within its Ecosystems.Lhyfe has been working since it was launched on deploying a new energy model capable ofavoiding the ecological divide  with semi-centralised production sites giving local operators of all sizes access to the cleanest possible hydrogen at the best possible cost  in their local area.Lhyfe Heroes will now contribute on the ""Hydrogen Equipments"" part  so that several local players can group together to take advantage of discounts on available vehicles  thanks to the economies of scale generated by the volume of orders.The retrofit specialist GCK Mobility and the worldwide automotive manufacturer and innovative mobility solutions provider Stellantis are launching the Group Buy offer in France - As of now  businesses and local authorities within one of the platform's hydrogen ecosystems can place orders for a selection of four vehicles for GCK Mobility (buses  dumper truck and waste collection trucks) and three vehicles for Stellantis (light utility vehicles from Citroën and Peugeot). Based on the volume of orders reached  buyers will be eligible for discounts on the vehicle unit price.To take advantage of the offer  two conditions apply: buyers must be geographically located within one of the Heroes Ecosystems  and must sign up to the platform.With the support of partner manufacturers  Lhyfe Heroes plans to continue fostering a synergies-based approach and democratising access to new hydrogen technology.More and More Information and EducationFinally  in the platform's information section  alongside the simulator  Heroes has added a hydrogen stations map listing all stations in operation or coming soon. The Heroes team has also published a hundred or so articles and supplier interviews to help users understand the hydrogen market and technology  and to explain the offering  expertise and vision of players in this fast-growing industry.Matthieu Guesné  Founder and CEO of Lhyfe: ""Every day  our Lhyfe Heroes team is fully focused on one mission: helping hydrogen projects see the light of day. With more than 15 000 visits a month from visitors in France  Germany and the UK  we were able to see how certain information and functionalities were lacking for hydrogen pioneers  and how necessary it is to have good coordination between all players in the value chain to meet customer expectations. Thanks to our users' feedback  we are delighted to propose an improved version of our platform  and to contribute to the deployment of the sector through an increasingly qualitative service!""Philippe Jacques  Managing Director at GCK Mobility: ""We have believed in the relevance of the Lhyfe Heroes portal since its launch  which is why we were among its first trusted partners. Today we reiterate our commitment to helping to develop hydrogen mobility in innovative ways  like the Lhyfe Heroes Group Buy Offer.""Stéphane Majka  Head of Hydrogen Business Development at Stellantis: ""We are very active in helping to develop the entire renewable hydrogen chain and initiatives like that of Lhyfe Heroes are a step in the right direction  democratising  explaining and providing information on our vehicles as well as on distribution and production sites because we need to all be aligned to make hydrogen a real lever of decarbonisation.""About Lhyfe HeroesLaunched in November 2022 by the green and renewable hydrogen producer and supplier Lhyfe  Lhyfe Heroes is the first digital platform developed to facilitate mobility players' transition to hydrogen. The platform is aimed at all hydrogen pioneers  be they project initiators looking at hydrogen solutions or who already have hydrogen projects underway and seek equipment  or ""trusted vendors"" wishing to offer mature  market-ready solutions.More information at www.lhyfe-heroes.com.About LhyfeLhyfe is a European group devoted to energy transition  and a producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen. Its production sites and portfolio of projects intend to provide access to green and renewable hydrogen in industrial quantities  and enable the creation of a virtuous energy model capable of decarbonising entire sectors of industry and transport.In 2021  Lhyfe inaugurated the first industrial-scale green hydrogen production plant in the world to be interconnected with a wind farm. In 2022  Lhyfe inaugurated the first offshore green hydrogen production pilot platform in the world. Lhyfe currently has seven sites under construction or expansion throughout Europe.Lhyfe is represented in 12 European countries and had 192 staff at the end of June 2023. The company is listed on the Euronext market in Paris (ISIN: FR0014009YQ1 - LHYFE). Lhyfe.comClick to access the Lhyfe Media Kit (press kit and visuals)ContactsLhyfeIndustry Press Relations: Nouvelles Graines - Clémence ReboursTéléphone : +33 (0)6 60 57 76 43 |[email protected]Financial Press Relations: ACTUS - Manon ClairetTéléphone : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73 |[email protected]",neutral,0.41,0.57,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Hydrogen Mobility development projects', 'first Group-Buy Offers', 'digital platform', 'greater efficiency', 'Lhyfe Heroes', 'deployment', 'France', 'Two first Group Buy Offers', 'entire Hydrogen Mobility value chain', 'Pays de la Loire', 'several online user areas', 'entire value chain', 'Hydrogen Ecosystems management feature', 'complete value chain', 'Lhyfe Heroes online platform', 'Group Buy"" service', 'online chat facility', 'Logistics trade show', 'power generator producers', 'live chat facility', 'Differentiating available offers', 'power generator manufacturers', 'new energy model', 'local synergies logic', 'hydrogen station builders', 'emerging hydrogen industry', 'real regional ecosystems', 'Thirty-three trusted partners', 'Ten new functionalities', 'a hundred listings', 'true hydrogen ecosystem', 'fuel delivery specialists', 'hydrogen vehicle manufacturers', 'A Services category', 'autumn Lhyfe Heroes', 'Lhyfe Heroes partners', 'first offers', 'two parts', 'Ecosystems"" feature', 'project management', 'new version', 'fuel distributors', 'concrete ecosystem', 'comprehensive functionalities', 'mobility players', 'GCK Mobility', 'local authorities', 'renewable hydrogen', 'hydrogen pioneers', 'hydrogen project', 'hydrogen refits', 'local players', 'hydrogen players', 'Solutrans Transport', 'French regions', 'pure player', 'depth knowledge', 'building blocks', 'filling stations', 'consulting bodies', 'joint initiatives', 'consulting firms', 'Synops Conseil', 'Point Twelve', 'building bricks', 'tailor-made support', 'coming months', 'good visibility', 'short term', 'buyer-seller connections', 'same purpose', 'Vendor partners', 'digital platform', 'other players', 'hydrogen production', 'consulting services', 'necessary information', 'digital solutions', 'Other products', 'market intelligence', 'product information', 'interested customers', 'latest addition', 'Other equipment', 'date information', 'Services catalogue', 'matchmaking', 'buyers', 'sellers', 'maturity', 'Stellantis', 'Nantes', 'France', 'launch', 'transition', 'creation', 'orders', 'advantage', 'economies', 'scale', 'subsidiary', 'Occitanie', 'businesses', 'green', 'key', 'research', 'emergence', 'Features', 'simulator', 'needs', 'kilos', 'CO2', 'PRF', 'HRS', 'Powidian', 'engineering', 'providers', 'scratch', 'storage', 'users', 'accurate', 'sale', 'portal', 'years', 'development', 'sector', 'advanced', 'vendors', 'processes', 'quotes', 'access', 'presence', 'Germany', '7.30', '60']",2023-11-20,2023-11-21,marketscreener.com
32982,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-11/60728180-nyxoah-to-participate-in-the-piper-sandler-35th-annual-healthcare-conference-399.htm,Nyxoah to Participate in the Piper Sandler 35th Annual Healthcare Conference,ENGLISH_Nyxoah to Participate in the Piper Sandler 35th Annual Healthcare Conference (https://ml-eu.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/f8afa65b-d7b2-4667-b05e-3ff09b251a37),"Nyxoah to Participate in the Piper Sandler 35th Annual Healthcare ConferenceMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium - November 21  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET - Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (""Nyxoah"" or the ""Company"")  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company will participate in the Piper Sandler 35th Annual Healthcare Conference  which takes place November 28 - 30  2023 in New York.Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah's Chief Executive Officer  will be participating in a Fireside Chat on Wednesday  November 29  2023  at 2:30pm ET. A webcastof the presentation will be available on the Events sectionof Nyxoah's Investor Relations website. The Company will also be available for 1x1 meetings with institutional investors attending the event.Nyxoah's Investor Presentation can be accessed on the Shareholder Informationsection of the Company's Investor Relations page.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah's lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world's most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors' therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and U.S. commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution - CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Contact:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,True,English,"['Piper Sandler 35th Annual Healthcare Conference', 'Nyxoah', 'Piper Sandler 35th Annual Healthcare Conference', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'U.S. federal law', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients', 'Chief Strategy Officer david', 'U.S. commercialization approval', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'CE mark approval', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'Investor Relations website', 'Investor Relations page', 'two successful IPOs', 'BLAST OSA study', 'medical technology company', ""competitors' therapy"", 'OSA patients', 'successful completion', 'David DeMartino', 'Investor Presentation', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'New York', 'Olivier Taelman', 'Fireside Chat', 'Events sectionof', '1x1 meetings', 'institutional investors', 'Shareholder Informationsection', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'The Company', '10:30pm CET', 'Nyxoah SA', '4:30pm', '2:30pm', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'November', 'NYXH', 'development', 'place', 'Wednesday', 'webcastof', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'September', 'July', 'expansion', 'Complete', 'FDA', 'Caution', 'Contact', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-21,finanznachrichten.de
32983,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.intelligentcio.com/eu/2023/11/21/euronext-chooses-board-to-transform-financial-planning-and-analysis/,Euronext chooses Board to transform financial planning and analysis – Intelligent CIO Europe,Board International  a global leader in Intelligent Planning solutions  has announced that Euronext has chosen it to transform its budgeting  planning and forecasting activities. Euronext is a leading pan-European financial market infrastructure ,Board International  a global leader in Intelligent Planning solutions  has announced that Euronext has chosen it to transform its budgeting  planning and forecasting activities.Euronext is a leading pan-European financial market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets. With approximately 1 900 listed issuers and US$62 trillion in market capitalisation as of September 2023  Euronext has a strong  diverse domestic and international client base.With finance departments under increasing pressure to provide detailed business insights for strategic decision-making  there is no room for disjointed approaches to planning. Euronext’s finance teams are moving to an Intelligent Planning approach with Board  connecting strategic  operational and financial plans with available resources – transforming into agile and responsive teams with the ability to better support and enhance business growth.“Board’s Intelligent Planning Platform provides flexible and easy-to-use solutions to support the innovation and growth of our organisation ” said Ghislain Bardon  Head of Financial Planning and Analysis and Accounting Group at Euronext. “Board enables Euronext to transform vital financial planning across multiple use cases  delivering better insights for our teams and ultimately better outcomes.”“Board supports Euronext with the entire budgeting  planning and forecasting process  overcoming the challenges associated with disparate spreadsheets to deliver a truly intelligent approach ” said Jeff Casale  CEO of Board.Click below to share this article,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Intelligent CIO Europe', 'financial planning', 'Euronext', 'Board', 'analysis', 'leading pan-European financial market infrastructure', 'strong, diverse domestic', 'multiple use cases', 'global capital markets', 'international client base', 'vital financial planning', 'Intelligent Planning Platform', 'entire budgeting, planning', 'Intelligent Planning approach', 'detailed business insights', 'Intelligent Planning solutions', 'market capitalisation', 'intelligent approach', 'financial plans', 'global leader', 'forecasting activities', 'European economies', '1,900 listed issuers', 'finance departments', 'increasing pressure', 'strategic decision-making', 'disjointed approaches', 'strategic, operational', 'available resources', 'business growth', 'Ghislain Bardon', 'Accounting Group', 'forecasting process', 'disparate spreadsheets', 'Jeff Casale', 'Board International', 'finance teams', 'responsive teams', 'Euronext', 'September', 'room', 'agile', 'ability', 'support', 'flexible', 'innovation', 'organisation', 'Head', 'Analysis', 'outcomes', 'challenges', 'CEO', 'article']",2023-11-21,2023-11-21,intelligentcio.com
32984,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/fr/crypto-blockchain-industries/cp/2023/11/21/the-crys-token-issued-by-cbi-is-now-listed-on-the-pancakeswap-decentralized-exchange,The CRYS token issued by CBI is now listed on the PancakeSwap decentralized exchange,The $CRYS token issued by CBI is now listed on the PancakeSwap decentralized exchange The $CRYS token is dedicated to the AlphaVerse digital world. The initial $CRYS liquidity pool is poised to expand as the number of AlphaVerse users grow.,"21/11/2023 - 18:30The $CRYS token issued by CBI is now listed on the PancakeSwap decentralized exchangeThe $CRYS token is dedicated to the AlphaVerse digital world.The initial $CRYS liquidity pool is poised to expand as the number of AlphaVerse users grow.CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES Paris  France  21 November 2023 at 18h30 CET (CBI  Euronext Growth Paris: FR0014007LW0 - ALCBI) announces that the $CRYS token  issued by CBI is now listed on the Pancake Swap decentralized exchange. The $CRYS token is dedicated to the AlphaVerse digital world.AlphaVerse is a dynamic digital world that leverages blockchain technology to create immersive user experiences. Within AlphaVerse  users can explore diverse landscapes  engage in interactive quests  and participate in a vibrant community.The $CRYS token serves as the native utility token within AlphaVerse  unlocking various features and enhancing user engagement across the platform. 600 million units of the $CRYS token have been created. Listing on the PancakeSwap exchange platform has taken place through the direct listing of a first series of $CRYS tokens. The initial listing has taken place on November 21  2023. The initial price was $0.50 per token.This initial price of the $CRYS token may not be representative of the value of the $CRYS token  as the size of the initial liquidity pool was limited and driven only by the objective to organize a decentralized trading place.The main goal of this listing is to create and organize a place of exchange for the $CRYS token easily accessible to all AlphaVerse users upon the opening of the digital world.The $CRYS token has a number of functionalities  such as enabling microtransactions on the platform  participation in quests or mini-games  the purchase of NFTs  the animation of referral programs  access to discounts on purchases  and the earning of $CRYS tokens in connection with the creativity or commitment of users. The White Paper document from the AlphaVerse website  describing the first features of this $CRYS token  is available at the following link: https://alphaverse.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/AlphaVerse_Whitepaper_v2.pdfFor more information  visit www.cbicorp.io and www.alphaverse.com.DisclaimerThe realization of the projects  as well as their operating budget and financing plan  remain fundamentally subject to uncertainties  and the non-realization of the underlying assumptions may have a significant impact on the value of assets and liabilities.This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy $CRYS tokens  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.The listing of the token  currently under legal and technical review  remains subject to confirmation. Listing details may change as the parties continue negotiations.About Crypto Blockchain IndustriesCRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (""CBI"") is a French company that develops  operates  and invests in video games  professional applications  and selective projects related to blockchain  Non-Fungible Tokens (""NFTs"")  and cryptocurrencies. Founded by Frédéric Chesnais  a recognized entrepreneur in the video game industry and blockchain pioneer  CBI aims to develop and valorize a portfolio of blockchain activities covering various sectors (video games  finance  logistics  etc.) to leverage this technology  either through direct exploitation or partnership. CBI has already made several investments and is currently developing a virtual world (metaverse) called AlphaVerse  based on blockchain technology. CBI's shares are listed on the E2 quotation group (public offer) on the Euronext Growth market. More information can be found at www.cbicorp.io.Contact",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['The CRYS token', 'PancakeSwap decentralized exchange', 'CBI', 'Frédéric Chesnais', 'The White Paper document', 'Pancake Swap decentralized exchange', 'CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES Paris', 'initial $CRYS liquidity pool', 'initial liquidity pool', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'PancakeSwap decentralized exchange', 'E2 quotation group', 'Euronext Growth market', 'immersive user experiences', 'dynamic digital world', 'video game industry', 'native utility token', 'decentralized trading place', 'PancakeSwap exchange platform', 'AlphaVerse digital world', 'initial price', 'virtual world', 'user engagement', 'blockchain pioneer', 'blockchain activities', 'video games', '$CRYS tokens', 'initial listing', 'blockchain technology', '18h30 CET', 'diverse landscapes', 'vibrant community', 'various features', '600 million units', 'first series', 'main goal', 'referral programs', 'first features', 'following link', 'operating budget', 'financing plan', 'underlying assumptions', 'significant impact', 'securities laws', 'technical review', 'French company', 'professional applications', 'Non-Fungible Tokens', 'various sectors', 'direct exploitation', 'several investments', 'AlphaVerse website', 'interactive quests', 'direct listing', 'Listing details', 'selective projects', 'More information', 'AlphaVerse users', 'public offer', 'CBI', 'number', 'France', 'FR0014007LW0', 'November', 'value', 'size', 'objective', 'opening', 'functionalities', 'microtransactions', 'participation', 'mini-games', 'purchase', 'NFTs', 'animation', 'access', 'discounts', 'earning', 'connection', 'creativity', 'commitment', 'content', 'uploads', 'AlphaVerse_Whitepaper', 'Disclaimer', 'realization', 'uncertainties', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'announcement', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'qualification', 'legal', 'confirmation', 'parties', 'negotiations', 'cryptocurrencies', 'entrepreneur', 'portfolio', 'finance', 'logistics', 'partnership', 'shares', 'Contact']",2023-11-21,2023-11-21,actusnews.com
32985,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishexaminer.com/business/companies/arid-41274478.html,CRH buys $2bn cement plants in Texas and raises profit outlook,CRH  the largest building materials producer in the US and Europe  said the assets comprised a 2.1 metric ton capacity cement plant  a network of terminals and 20 ready-mixed concrete plants which are expected to generate pro-forma 2023 core profit of around $170m.,"CRH has announced a $2.1bn (€1.9bn) acquisition of building materials assets in the high-growth Texas market from US rival Martin Marietta Materials and upgraded its full-year core profit guidance.CRH  the largest building materials producer in the US and Europe  said the assets comprised a 2.1 metric ton capacity cement plant  a network of terminals and 20 ready-mixed concrete plants which are expected to generate pro-forma 2023 core profit of around $170m.Martin Marietta chief executive  Ward Nye  said in a statement that the group believed that monetising these operations was in the company's best interests to maximise near-  medium- and long-term stakeholder value. The deal is due to close in the first half of next year.CRH  which makes about 75% of its profits in the US  said in a trading update that it expects full-year earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation of $6.3bn. That compares with the $6.2bn it had forecast in August. That would amount to a 13% rise on the record $5.6bn reported last year and follows a 14% year-on-year increase in the third quarter and so far this year.Third-quarter profit was up by a double-digit percentage in all but one of CRH's four divisions  including a 33% jump in Europe Materials Solutions  where it said higher prices more than offset the impact of lower activity levels due to subdued residential demand.Slower residential markets led to a 16% fall in core profit in its Europe Building Solutions division. While the Dublin-based group said new-build residential construction is set to remain subdued in 2024  it expects positive pricing momentum to continue.Significant public investment in infrastructure and increased ""reshoring"" of critical supply chain manufacturing should also ensure resilient underlying demand across key end-use markets in North America and Europe  it added.CRH was among the one of the longstanding fixtures and the most valuable company listed on the Dublin stock market.However  shareholders in the Irish building supply company overwhelmingly voted to move the company’s primary stock exchange to New York from London  and remove it completely from the Euronext exchange in Dublin. The switch was completed in September.It said at the time it expected the US to be the “key driver of future growth”  helped by the “unprecedented levels of infrastructure funding” that president Joe Biden has pledged to invest in the dilapidated public projects there.Read More Building supplies company CRH completes move to New York Stock ExchangeReuters and Irish Examiner",neutral,0.29,0.7,0.01,mixed,0.2,0.37,0.43,True,English,"['$2bn cement plants', 'profit outlook', 'CRH', 'Texas', '2.1 metric ton capacity cement plant', 'critical supply chain manufacturing', 'Martin Marietta chief executive', 'largest building materials producer', 'Europe Building Solutions division', 'Irish building supply company', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'full-year core profit guidance', 'Martin Marietta Materials', 'primary stock exchange', 'high-growth Texas market', '20 ready-mixed concrete plants', 'long-term stakeholder value', 'Europe Materials Solutions', 'positive pricing momentum', 'Significant public investment', 'president Joe Biden', 'dilapidated public projects', 'building materials assets', 'Building supplies company', 'Slower residential markets', 'new-build residential construction', 'lower activity levels', 'resilient underlying demand', 'key end-use markets', 'Dublin stock market', '2023 core profit', 'residential demand', 'full-year earnings', 'Euronext exchange', 'Irish Examiner', 'Third-quarter profit', 'key driver', 'unprecedented levels', 'valuable company', 'Ward Nye', 'best interests', 'first half', 'next year', 'trading update', 'year increase', 'third quarter', 'double-digit percentage', 'four divisions', 'higher prices', 'North America', 'longstanding fixtures', 'future growth', 'Dublin-based group', 'infrastructure funding', 'US rival', 'CRH', '$2.1bn', '9bn', 'acquisition', 'network', 'terminals', 'forma', 'statement', 'operations', 'deal', 'profits', 'tax', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'August', '13% rise', 'record $5', '33% jump', 'impact', 'subdued', '16% fall', 'shareholders', 'London', 'switch', 'September', 'time', 'move', 'Reuters']",2023-11-21,2023-11-21,irishexaminer.com
32986,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lse.co.uk/news/top-news-crh-ups-guidance-and-makes-usd21-billion-texas-buy-ge00n93tslr8eb8.html,TOP NEWS: CRH ups guidance and makes USD2.1 billion Texas buy,CRH in September completed the transfer of its primary listing to New York Stock Exchange from London Stock Exchange  meaning it was no longer eligible for FTSE 100 inclusion. It also cancelled its listing in Euronext Dublin.,CRH in September completed the transfer of its primary listing to New York Stock Exchange from London Stock Exchange  meaning it was no longer eligible for FTSE 100 inclusion. It also cancelled its listing in Euronext Dublin.,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.63,0.36,True,English,"['TOP NEWS', 'CRH', 'guidance', 'USD2.1', 'Texas', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'FTSE 100 inclusion', 'Euronext Dublin', 'primary listing', 'CRH', 'September', 'transfer']",2023-11-21,2023-11-21,lse.co.uk
32987,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-11/60719103-stellantis-n-v-stellantis-and-catl-sign-strategic-mou-for-the-local-supply-of-lfp-batteries-for-european-market-399.htm,STELLANTIS N.V.: Stellantis and CATL Sign Strategic MoU for the Local Supply of LFP Batteries for European Market,Stellantis and CATL Sign Strategic MoU for the Local Supply of LFP Batteries for European Market The MoU outlines joint development of a state-of-the-art technology roadmap and future battery value ch,"Stellantis and CATL Sign Strategic MoU for the Local Supply of LFP Batteries for European MarketThe MoU outlines joint development of a state-of-the-art technology roadmap and future battery value chain opportunitiesStellantis and CATL are considering the possibility of a joint investment in the form of a joint venture with equivalent contributionsStellantis aims to leverage lithium iron phosphate (LFP) batteries to power its European electric vehicle production  supporting its aggressive Dare Forward 2030 electrification targetsAMSTERDAM  November 21  2023 - Stellantis N.V. and CATL today announced the signing of a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the local supply of LFP battery cells and modules to power Stellantis' electric vehicle production in Europe. To further support Stellantis' aggressive electrification strategy  the two companies are considering the possibility to form a joint venture with equivalent contributions.The MoU outlines a long-term collaboration between CATL and Stellantis on two strategic fronts: building a bold technology roadmap to support Stellantis' cutting-edge battery electric vehicles and identifying opportunities to further strengthen the battery value chain.""This MoU with CATL on LFP battery chemistry is another ingredient in our long-term strategy to protect freedom of mobility for the European middle class "" said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. ""CATL is the industry leader in this sector and together with our iconic vehicle brands  we will bring innovative and accessible battery technology to our customers while helping us achieve our carbon net zero ambition by 2038.""""We are very pleased to elevate our cooperation with Stellantis to a new level. With Stellantis' time-honored expertise in car manufacturing and CATL's advanced battery technology  we believe the partnership will be a decisive step on both parties' journey towards carbon neutrality goals "" said Robin Zeng  Chairman and General Manager of CATL. ""We will remain dedicated to delivering more competitive and sustainable solutions for our partners to promote global energy transition.""Featuring a long service life and high thermal stability  LFP technology can enable Stellantis to offer high-quality  durable  and affordable electric vehicles in passenger cars  crossovers and SUVs in the B and C segments.As part of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  Stellantis announced plans of reaching a 100% passenger car battery electric vehicle (BEV) sales mix in Europe and a 50% passenger car and light-duty truck BEV sales mix in the United States by 2030. Stellantis is on track to become a carbon net zero corporation by 2038. Stellantis is assembling a roster of partnerships to ensure a stable  low-carbon supply of key materials for its electrified future.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today's customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves - aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.About CATLContemporary Amperex Technology Co.  Limited (CATL) is a global leader in new energy technology innovation  committed to providing premier solutions and services for new energy applications worldwide. In June 2018  the company went public on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with stock code 300750. In the year 2022  CATL's EV battery consumption volume has ranked No.1 in the world for six consecutive years  and it has ranked first in the market share of global energy storage battery shipment for two straight years. CATL also enjoys wide recognition by global EV and energy storage partners. To achieve the goal of realizing fossil fuel replacement in stationary and mobile energy systems with highly efficient electrical power systems that are generated through advanced batteries and renewable energy and promote the integrated innovation of market applications with electrification and intelligentization  CATL maintains continuous innovation in four dimensions including material and electrochemistry system  structure system  green extreme manufacturing and business models.MEDIA CONTACTS :Fernão SilveiraGlobal Communications / Stellantis+31 6 43 25 43 41fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFred ZhangInternational Communications / CATL+86 (0)593 890 4029Zhangyz02@catl.comwww.catl.comSTELLANTIS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as ""may""  ""will""  ""expect""  ""could""  ""should""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""remain""  ""on track""  ""design""  ""target""  ""objective""  ""goal""  ""forecast""  ""projection""  ""outlook""  ""prospects""  ""plan""  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis' current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis' ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis' defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis' business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis' vehicles; Stellantis' ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis' vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis' financial results  is included in Stellantis' reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['STELLANTIS N.V.', 'Strategic MoU', 'Local Supply', 'LFP Batteries', 'European Market', 'CATL', 'light-duty truck BEV sales mix', 'Fernão Silveira Global Communications', 'aggressive Dare Forward 2030 electrification targets', 'global energy storage battery shipment', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', ""Stellantis' cutting-edge battery electric vehicles"", '100% passenger car battery electric vehicle', 'future battery value chain opportunities', 'Fred Zhang International Communications', 'carbon net zero ambition', 'carbon net zero corporation', 'efficient electrical power systems', 'European electric vehicle production', 'Contemporary Amperex Technology Co.', 'EV battery consumption volume', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', ""Stellantis' electric vehicle production"", 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'BEV) sales mix', 'new energy technology innovation', 'affordable electric vehicles', 'accessible battery technology', 'mobile energy systems', 'global energy transition', 'carbon neutrality goals', 'aggressive electrification strategy', 'advanced battery technology', 'LFP battery cells', 'LFP battery chemistry', 'energy storage partners', 'lithium iron phosphate', 'European middle class', 'iconic vehicle brands', 'long service life', 'high thermal stability', 'six consecutive years', 'fossil fuel replacement', 'new energy applications', 'two strategic fronts', 'two straight years', 'bold technology roadmap', 'Shenzhen Stock Exchange', 'green extreme manufacturing', 'stable, low-carbon supply', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'STELLANTIS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'global EV', '50% passenger car', 'car manufacturing', 'sustainable solutions', 'LFP technology', 'global leader', 'renewable energy', 'European Market', 'new level', 'passenger cars', 'electrified future', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'two companies', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'integrated innovation', 'continuous innovation', 'Strategic MoU', 'long-term strategy', 'stock code', 'advanced batteries', 'market applications', 'LFP Batteries', 'LFP) batteries', 'Local Supply', 'joint development', 'joint investment', 'joint venture', 'equivalent contributions', 'non-binding Memorandum', 'long-term collaboration', 'industry leader', 'time-honored expertise', 'decisive step', ""parties' journey"", 'Robin Zeng', 'General Manager', 'C segments', 'United States', 'key materials', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'premier solutions', 'market share', 'wide recognition', 'four dimensions', 'electrochemistry system', 'structure system', 'business models', 'MEDIA CONTACTS', 'The MoU', 'innovative products', 'CATL', 'possibility', 'form', 'AMSTERDAM', 'signing', 'Understanding', 'modules', 'ingredient', 'freedom', 'sector', 'customers', 'cooperation', 'partnership', 'Chairman', 'competitive', 'crossovers', 'SUVs', 'plans', 'track', 'roster', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'June', 'stationary', 'intelligentization', 'fernao', 'Zhangyz02', 'results']",2023-11-06,2023-11-21,finanznachrichten.de
32988,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abivax-announces-resumption-liquidity-contract-073000946.html,Abivax announces the resumption of its liquidity contract,Abivax announces the resumption of its liquidity contract Paris  France  November 21  2023 – 8:30 a.m. CET – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: ABVX) (“Abivax” or the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body’s natural regulatory mechanisms to modulate the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases ,AbivaxAbivax announces the resumption of its liquidity contractParis  France  November 21  2023 – 8:30 a.m. CET – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: ABVX) (“Abivax” or the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body’s natural regulatory mechanisms to modulate the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  announces the resumption  as of today  of its liquidity contract and the end of the stabilization period.The liquidity contract was entered into with TSAF on June 26  2015  and suspended in the context of the initial public offering of Abivax shares in the form of ADS on the Nasdaq Global Market. Following the stabilization activities carried out since October 20  2023  the stabilization period has ended on November 20  2023. The underwriters have not exercised the overallotment option.As of November 20  2023  the following means are allocated to the liquidity account for the execution of this contract:11 257 Abivax shares held on behalf of Abivax €315 223.32.******About AbivaxAbivax is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body’s natural regulatory mechanisms to modulate the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Based in France and the U.S.  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. More information on the Company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on X  formerly Twitter  @ABIVAX.Contacts:Abivax CommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 60 69 63 Abivax Investor RelationsPatrick Malloypatrick.malloy@abivax.com+1 847 987 4878*****DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of ordinary shares or ADSs in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.Story continuesThe distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This press release has been prepared in both French and English. In the event of any differences between the two versions of the press release  the French language version shall supersede.European Economic AreaIn relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each  a “Relevant State”)  no offer to the public of ordinary shares and ADSs may be made in that Relevant State other than:(a) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation;(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under the Prospectus Regulation)  subject to obtaining the prior consent of the representatives for any such offer; or(c) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation provided that no such offer of the securities shall require the Company or any of its representatives to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.For the purposes of this provision  the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to the securities in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase any securities  and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of June 14  2017  as amended.FranceThe securities have not been and will not be offered or sold to the public in the Republic of France  and no offering of this prospectus or any marketing materials relating to securities may be made available or distributed in any way that would constitute  directly or indirectly  an offer to the public in the Republic of France (except for public offerings defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)).The securities may only be offered or sold in France pursuant to Article L. 411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) (as such term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation) acting for their own account  and in accordance with Articles L. 411-1  L. 411-2 and D. 411-2 to D.411-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).This announcement is not an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['liquidity contract', 'Abivax', 'resumption', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'lead drug candidate', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'active ulcerative colitis', 'European Economic Area', 'potential local restrictions', 'Code monétaire', 'natural regulatory mechanisms', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'Regina Jehle regina', 'Patrick Malloy patrick', 'French language version', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'initial public offering', 'Abivax Investor Relations', 'local legislations', 'Financial Code', 'immune response', 'stabilization period', 'stabilization activities', 'overallotment option', 'U.S.', 'More information', 'press release', 'ordinary shares', 'two versions', 'legal entity', 'prior consent', 'other circumstances', 'sufficient information', 'marketing materials', 'French Monetary', 'liquidity contract', 'Member State', 'Relevant State', 'qualified investor', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Euronext Paris', 'following means', 'liquidity account', 'legal persons', 'public offerings', 'Abivax SA', 'Abivax shares', 'Abivax Communications', 'securities laws', 'Article L.', '150 natural', 'investors', 'resumption', 'France', '8:30 a', 'CET', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'body', 'patients', 'today', 'end', 'TSAF', 'June', 'context', 'ADS', 'October', 'November', 'underwriters', 'execution', 'behalf', 'obefazimod', 'ABX46', 'treatment', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'Disclaimers', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'qualification', 'Story', 'distribution', 'document', 'possession', 'English', 'event', 'differences', 'fewer', 'representatives', 'purposes', 'provision', 'expression', 'terms', 'Republic', 'way', 'financier', 'investisseurs', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'D.', 'announcement', 'advertisement', 'meaning']",2023-11-21,2023-11-21,finance.yahoo.com
