UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49015,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-alligator-164500578.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Alligator Bioscience AB,LUND  SWEDEN / ACCESS Newswire / February 25  2025 / Alligator Bioscience (STO:ATORX) The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation ,"LUND  SWEDEN / ACCESS Newswire / February 25  2025 / Alligator Bioscience (STO:ATORX)The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.The shareholders of Alligator Bioscience AB  Reg. No. 556597-8201  are invited to the extraordinary general meeting to be held on Thursday 27 March 2025 at 14.00 CET  at Medicon Village  conference room Bengt  Scheelevägen 4 in Lund  Sweden.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND NOTIFICATIONShareholders that want to participate in the meeting must be recorded in the company's share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Wednesday 19 March 2025 and  further  have notified their participation to the company no later than Friday 21 March 2025  by mail to Alligator Bioscience AB  att. Greta Höög  Medicon Village  Scheeletorget 1  SE-223 81 Lund  Sweden. Notice can also be given by phone +46 (0)46-540 82 00 or by e-mail anmalan@alligatorbioscience.com. The notification should specify the shareholder's complete name  personal identity number or company registration number  the number of shares held by the shareholder  address  telephone number during work hours and  when applicable  information on the number of advisors (two at the most).TRUSTEE-REGISTERED SHARESShareholders whose shares are trustee-registered in the name of a bank or other trustee must  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the meeting  request the trustee to register their shares in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB (so called ""voting rights registration""). Such voting rights registration must be implemented by the trustee no later than as of Friday 21 March 2025. Accordingly  shareholders must well in advance before this date notify their trustee of their request of such voting rights registration.PROXIES ETC.If the shareholder should be represented by a proxy  the proxy must bring a written power of attorney  which is dated and duly signed by the shareholder  to the meeting. The validity term of the power of attorney may not be more than one year  unless a longer validity term is specifically stated in the power of attorney (however at the longest five years). If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  the representing proxy must also present an up-to-date registration certificate or equivalent document for the legal entity. In order to facilitate the entrance at the meeting  a copy of the power of attorney and other authorization documents should preferably be attached to the shareholder's notification to participate in the meeting. A template power of attorney is available at the company's website (www.alligatorbioscience.com) and will be sent to shareholders who request it and state their address.Story ContinuesPROPOSED AGENDA0. Opening of the meeting.1. Election of Chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the register of voters.3. Election of two persons to confirm the minutes.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened.6. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives.7. Resolution on reduction of the share capital to cover loss.8. Resolution on (A) amendment of the Articles of Association; and (B) reverse split of ordinary shares.9. Closing of the meeting.PROPOSED RESOLUTIONSItem 1: Election of Chairman of the meetingThe board of directors proposes that lawyer Ola Grahn is elected as Chairman of the meeting.Item 6: Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesThe board of directors proposes - with amendments to the guidelines adopted by the annual general meeting 2024 - that the meeting resolves on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives in accordance with the following terms.Scope and applicability of the guidelinesThese guidelines comprise the persons who are part of Alligator's group management (including the CEO). The guidelines also encompass any remuneration to members of the board of directors  in addition to board remuneration.These guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the extraordinary general meeting. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration resolved by the general meeting  such as e.g. board remuneration and share-based incentive programs.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityAlligator is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing tumor-directed immuno-oncology antibody drugs focused on the CD40 receptor. Alligator's business strategy includes in brief proprietary drug development - from early-phase research and preclinical development up to the phase in the clinical development when the treatment is validated in patients (clinical Phase 2). The strategy is thereafter to subsequently out-license the drug candidate to a licensee for further development and market launch. For more information about the company's business strategy  see Alligator's latest Annual Report.A successful implementation of Alligator's business strategy and safeguarding of Alligator's long-term interests  including its sustainability  require that the company is able to recruit and retain highly competent senior executives with a capacity to achieve set goals. In order to achieve this  Alligator must offer a competitive total remuneration on market terms  which these guidelines enable.Long-term share-based incentive programs have been implemented in Alligator. For further information about these programs  see Alligator's latest Annual Report. The share-based incentive programs have been approved by the general meeting and are therefore not covered by these guidelines.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and be competitive  and may consist of the following components: fixed salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. For the individual senior executive  the level of remuneration shall be based on factors such as work tasks  expertise  experience  position and performance. Additionally  the general meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  e.g. share and share price-related remuneration. The remuneration shall not be discriminating on grounds of gender  ethnic background  national origin  age  disability or any other irrelevant factors.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Fixed salaryThe CEO and other senior executives shall be offered a fixed annual cash salary. The fixed salary shall be based on the individual's responsibility  competence and performance. For the CEO  the fixed salary shall be determined annually on 1 January and refer to the following twelve months. For other senior executives  the fixed salary shall be determined annually on 1 April and refer to the following twelve months.Variable cash remunerationIn addition to fixed salary  the CEO and other senior executives may  according to separate agreements  receive variable cash remuneration. Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines is intended to promote Alligator's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. Any variable cash remuneration may amount to a maximum of 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits  save as required by mandatory collective bargaining agreements.The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to one or several predetermined and measurable criteria  which can be financial  such as Alligator's revenues or achieved milestone payments  or non-financial  such as application of Clinical Trial Authorizations (CTA) for entering clinical studies. The variable cash remuneration may be entirely independent of non-financial criteria. By clearly and measurably linking the remuneration of the senior executives to the company's financial and operational development  the goals contribute to the implementation of Alligator's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated and determined when the measurement period has ended. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the evaluation. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by Alligator.In addition to the ordinary yearly variable cash remuneration as per the above  the CEO and other senior executives may also receive a separate transaction related bonus in case of a transaction involving the company's lead candidate Mitazalimab. The transaction bonus shall be payable in case of closing of a transaction related to Mitazalimab  irrespective of whether such transaction occurs directly as a sale or out-licensing of Mitazalimab or through an acquisition of the company. The aggregate transaction bonus payable to all participants in the bonus program (which  in addition to the CEO and other senior executives  will also include certain other employees) shall equal two per cent of the aggregate transaction value  however not more than SEK 22.5 million (excluding social charges)  and furthermore  the transaction bonus for each participant shall not exceed 200 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Additional variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are only made on an individual basis  either for the purpose of recruiting or retaining senior executives  or as remuneration for extraordinary performance beyond the individual's ordinary tasks. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the board of directors based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee.Pension benefitsPension benefits  including health insurance  shall be defined contribution  in so far as the senior executive is not covered by defined benefit pension under mandatory collective bargaining agreements. Pension premiums for defined contribution pensions may amount to a maximum of 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefitsOther benefits may include i.a. life insurance  medical insurance and a company car. Premiums and other costs relating to such benefits may amount to a total of not more than the lower of SEK 18 000 per month or 20 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Termination of employment and severance paymentSenior executives shall be employed until further notice or for a specified period of time. Upon termination of an employment  the notice period may not exceed six months. Severance pay  in addition to salary and other remuneration during the notice period  may not exceed an amount corresponding to six times the fixed monthly cash salary. Upon termination by the senior executive  the notice period may not exceed six months  without any right to severance pay. In addition to fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay  additional remuneration may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such remuneration shall compensate for loss of income and shall only be paid in so far as the previously employed senior executive is not entitled to severance pay for the period for which the non-compete undertaking applies. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of employment and amount to not more than 60 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary at the time of termination of employment  save as otherwise provided by mandatory collective bargaining agreements  and shall be paid during the time as the non-compete undertaking applies  however not for more than 12 months following termination of employment.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the board of directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of Alligator have been taken into consideration by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Remuneration Committee's and the board of directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.Consultancy fees to the members of the board of directorsTo the extent a member of the board of directors renders services for Alligator  in addition to his or her assignment as a member of the board of directors  consultancy fee on market terms may be paid to the member of the board of directors  or to a company controlled by such member of the board of directors  provided that such services contribute to the implementation of Alligator's business strategy and the safeguarding of Alligator's long-term interests  including its sustainability.Preparation and decision-making progressThe board of directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee's duties include i.a. preparing the board of directors' resolution to propose guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. The board of directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines have been adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the senior executives  the application of the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent in relation to the company and its senior management. The CEO and other members of the senior management do not participate in the board of directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Deviation from these guidelinesThe board of directors may temporarily resolve to deviate from these guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters  which include any resolutions to deviate from these guidelines.Review of the guidelinesThe board of directors has not received any comments from the shareholders regarding the current guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. The board of directors' proposal for resolution on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives corresponds with the guidelines adopted by the annual general meeting 2024 with the addition of the new ""transaction bonus"" as outlined under ""Variable cash remuneration"".Item 7: Resolution on reduction of the share capital to cover lossThe board of directors proposes that the meeting resolves to reduce the share capital to cover loss  partly by SEK 623.3352 by redemption of all 779 169 series C shares that are held by the company  partly by SEK 0.2672 without redemption of shares. In total  the share capital is thus proposed to be reduced by SEK 623.6024.The resolution presupposes and is conditional upon that the meeting also approves the board of directors' proposal for resolution on (A) amendment of the Articles of Association; and (B) reverse split of ordinary shares in accordance with the board of directors' proposal to the meeting.Item 8: Resolution on (A) amendment of the Articles of Association; and (B) reverse split of ordinary sharesThe board of directors proposes that the meeting resolves on a consolidation of ordinary shares (so-called reversed share split) whereby one thousand (1 000) existing ordinary shares are consolidated into one (1) ordinary share (1:1 000) in accordance with B below. The purpose of the reverse share split is to achieve an appropriate number of shares for the company. In order to enable the reverse share split of ordinary shares  the board of directors further proposes that the meeting resolves to amend the company's Articles of Association in accordance with A below.A. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationIn order to enable the reverse share split of ordinary shares proposed under B below  the board of directors proposes that the meeting resolves to amend the company's Articles of Association  by adopting new limits for the share capital and the number of shares as follows.§ 4 Share capitalCurrent wordingThe share capital of the company shall be no less than SEK 9 920 000 and no more than SEK 39 680 000.Proposed wordingThe share capital of the company shall be no less than SEK 13 200 000 and no more than SEK 52 800 000.§ 5 Number of sharesCurrent wordingThe number of shares shall not be less than 12 400 000 000 and shall not exceed 49 600 000 000.Proposed wordingThe number of shares shall not be less than 16 500 000 and shall not exceed 66 000 000.B. Reverse share split of ordinary sharesThe board of directors proposes that the meeting resolves to carry out a reverse share split of ordinary shares  in the ratio 1:1 000  resulting in one thousand (1 000) ordinary shares being consolidated into one (1) ordinary share.The reason for the reverse share split is that the company wants to achieve a number of shares that is appropriate for the company.If a shareholder's holding of ordinary shares does not correspond to a full number of new ordinary shares  the excess ordinary shares will become the property of the company on the record date for the reverse share split. Excess ordinary shares will then be sold at the company's expense by Vator Securities AB  whereby the shareholders concerned will receive their share of the sales proceeds.After completion of the reverse share split of ordinary shares  the number of ordinary shares in the company will decrease from 16 905 477 334 to 16 905 477. The proposed reverse share split also means that the quota value of the share increases from SEK 0.0008 to SEK 0.80.The board of directors shall be authorized to determine the record date for the reverse share split  which may not  however  be earlier than the date on which the resolution on the reverse share split has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Further information on the procedure for the reverse share split will be published in connection with the board of directors' decision regarding the record date.The board of directors' proposals under A - B above constitute a combined proposal and shall be made as a joint resolution.The resolution presupposes and is conditional upon that the meeting also approves the board of directors' proposal for resolution on reduction of the share capital to cover loss in accordance with the board of directors' proposal to the meeting.PARTICULAR MAJORITY REQUIREMENTSFor valid resolutions on the proposals pursuant to items 7 and 8  the proposals have to be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.MEETING DOCUMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATIONThe complete proposals for resolutions and ancillary documents pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) will be kept available at the company's office at Medicon Village  Scheeletorget 1  SE-223 81 Lund  Sweden and at the company's website (www.alligatorbioscience.com) as from no later than three weeks prior to the meeting  and will also be sent to shareholders who request it and provide their address. Copies of the documents will also be available at the meeting.Shareholders present at the meeting have the right to request information at the meeting pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 32 Paragraph 1 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 16 906 256 503 shares  of which 16 905 477 334 are ordinary shares with one vote each and 779 169 are series C shares with one-tenth vote each. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 16 905 555 250.9 votes. The company holds all 779 169 outstanding series C shares  corresponding to 77 916.9 votes  which cannot be represented at the meeting.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information on how your personal data is processed  seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________________Lund in February 2025ALLIGATOR BIOSCIENCE AB (PUBL)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Søren Bregenholt  CEOE-mail: soren.bregenholt@alligatorbioscience.comPhone: +46 (0) 46 540 82 00The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 5:20 p.m. CET on February 25  2025.AttachmentsNotice of extraordinary general meeting in Alligator Bioscience ABSOURCE: Alligator BioscienceView the original press release on ACCESS Newswire",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.29,0.4,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Alligator Bioscience AB', 'Notice', 'tumor-directed immuno-oncology antibody drugs', 'brief proprietary drug development', 'Such voting rights registration', 'Greta Höög', 'longest five years', 'lawyer Ola Grahn', 'share-based incentive programs', 'other authorization documents', 'personal identity number', 'longer validity term', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'date registration certificate', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Alligator Bioscience AB', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'annual general meeting', 'company registration number', 'drug candidate', 'preclinical development', 'ACCESS Newswire', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'Thursday 27 March', 'Medicon Village', 'conference room', 'Scheelevägen', 'Wednesday 19 March', 'Friday 21 March', 'telephone number', 'work hours', 'PROXIES ETC.', 'one year', 'legal entity', 'equivalent document', 'senior executives', 'share capital', 'A) amendment', 'reverse split', 'PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS', 'following terms', 'group management', 'long-term interests', 'CD40 receptor', 'early-phase research', 'market launch', 'latest Annu', 'other trustee', 'business strategy', 'share register', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'two persons', 'clinical Phase', 'TRUSTEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'ordinary shares', 'complete name', 'written power', 'template power', ""guidelines' promotion"", 'board remuneration', 'LUND', 'February', 'ATORX', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', '14.00 CET', 'Bengt', 'PARTICIPATE', 'NOTIFICATION', 'participation', 'mail', 'Scheeletorget', 'Notice', 'alligatorbioscience', 'address', 'information', 'advisors', 'bank', 'advance', 'request', 'proxy', 'attorney', 'order', 'entrance', 'copy', 'website', 'Story', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'voters', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'reduction', 'loss', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Closing', 'Item', 'directors', 'amendments', 'accordance', 'Scope', 'applicability', 'CEO', 'members', 'addition', 'adoption', 'sustainability', 'treatment', 'patients', 'licensee']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,finance.yahoo.com
49016,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/digital-asset-euroclear-start-first-130000504.html,Digital Asset and Euroclear Start First Project Phase to Increase the Mobility of Collateral Assets through the Canton Network,Digital Asset  a leading innovator in blockchain technology  and Euroclear  the financial industry's leading provider of post-trade services  today announced the launch of the first phase of the tokenized collateral mobility initiative for the Canton Global Collateral Network (GCN).,"NEW YORK and BRUSSELS  Feb. 25  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Digital Asset  a leading innovator in blockchain technology  and Euroclear  the financial industry's leading provider of post-trade services  today announced the launch of the first phase of the tokenized collateral mobility initiative for the Canton Global Collateral Network (GCN). This first phase  conducted with a leading consultancy firm  aims to define how Euroclear's decades of collateral management expertise could be applied to the rapidly growing digital and crypto markets using the Canton Network. The Canton Network is a blockchain designed with the configurable privacy  scalability  and interoperability required for systemically important financial markets. The ultimate project's goal is to facilitate a seamless and regulated exchange of digital assets and cash as collateral.Canton Network Ecosystem (PRNewsfoto/Digital Asset (US) Corp.)Euroclear and Digital Asset are observing a growing market interest in robust on-chain collateral and margin management solutions. Financial institutions are actively seeking efficient ways to trade and mobilize their assets to meet capital obligations across global markets  all while adhering to privacy and control requirements.Phase one will involve industry participants and outline a strategic roadmap  including:How tokenized collateral mobility could enhance efficiency across global marketsHow crypto derivatives collateral and margin management services could meet the interest of 24/7 trading and settlementThis initiative aligns with Euroclear's efforts to support the adoption of digital assets. ""Euroclear has long been a trusted partner in the global collateral ecosystem  delivering efficient and resilient post-trade services "" said Marije Verhelst  Head of Product Strategy and Development Collateral Management and Securities Lending at Euroclear. ""We are now actively exploring how our expertise can be extended into tokenized assets and digital collateral solutions.""""We are excited to collaborate with Euroclear on this initiative to explore the future of digital collateral mobility "" said Kelly Mathieson  Chief Business Development Officer at Digital Asset. ""The Global Collateral Network has the potential to revolutionize collateral management by enabling real-time  compliant  and interoperable asset mobility across both traditional finance and digital markets. This is a significant step toward unlocking the full potential of tokenization across new crypto capital markets.""As the Canton Network is gaining momentum as a blockchain with configurable privacy designed for regulated  systemically important markets  this collaboration underscores the growing institutional adoption in the digital asset space.Story Continues",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['First Project Phase', 'Digital Asset', 'Collateral Assets', 'Canton Network', 'Euroclear', 'Mobility', 'Chief Business Development Officer', 'regulated, systemically important markets', 'The Global Collateral Network', 'new crypto capital markets', 'Canton Global Collateral Network', 'tokenized collateral mobility initiative', 'The Canton Network', 'Canton Network Ecosystem', 'crypto derivatives collateral', 'global collateral ecosystem', 'margin management solutions', 'important financial markets', 'leading consultancy firm', 'interoperable asset mobility', 'margin management services', 'resilient post-trade services', 'digital collateral solutions', 'digital collateral mobility', 'growing market interest', 'growing institutional adoption', 'digital asset space', 'collateral management expertise', 'crypto markets', 'global markets', 'digital markets', 'NEW YORK', 'regulated exchange', 'capital obligations', 'growing digital', 'chain collateral', 'tokenized assets', 'leading innovator', 'financial industry', 'leading provider', 'PRNewsfoto/Digital Asset', 'Financial institutions', 'digital assets', 'ultimate project', 'control requirements', 'industry participants', 'strategic roadmap', '24/7 trading', 'trusted partner', 'Marije Verhelst', 'Product Strategy', 'Securities Lending', 'Kelly Mathieson', 'traditional finance', 'significant step', 'first phase', 'configurable privacy', 'efficient ways', 'full potential', 'blockchain technology', 'BRUSSELS', 'PRNewswire', 'Euroclear', 'launch', 'GCN', 'decades', 'rapidly', 'scalability', 'interoperability', 'goal', 'seamless', 'cash', 'Corp.', 'efficiency', 'settlement', 'efforts', 'Head', 'future', 'tokenization', 'momentum', 'collaboration', 'Story']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,finance.yahoo.com
49017,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/6045272,Orion Group Financial Statement Release January–December 2024,"""In January–December 2024  our net sales increased by 29.6 percent to EUR 1 542.4 (1 189.7) million and operating profit increased by 51.5 percent to EUR 416.6 (274.9) million.","ORION CORPORATIONFINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE 1–12/202425 FEBRUARY 2025 at 12:00 EETOrion Group Financial Statement Release January–December 2024Net sales totalled EUR 1 542.4 (January–December 2023: 1 189.7) millionOperating profit was EUR 416.6 (274.9) millionBasic earnings per share were EUR 2.35 (1.54)Cash flow from operating activities per share was EUR 2.09 (0.85)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 1.64 (1.62) to be paid for 2024. The dividend is proposed to be paid in two instalments.Outlook for 2025: Net sales are estimated to be EUR 1 550 million to EUR 1 650 million. Operating profit is estimated to be EUR 350 million to EUR 450 million.Key figures10–12/24 10–12/23 Change % 1–12/24 1–12/23 Change % Net sales  EUR million 434.4 321.1 +35.3% 1 542.4 1 189.7 +29.6% EBITDA  EUR million 147.1 106.0 +38.8% 509.4 326.4 +56.0% % of net sales 33.9% 33.0% 33.0% 27.4% Operating profit  EUR million 92.7 92.9 -0.2% 416.6 274.9 +51.5% % of net sales 21.3% 28.9% 27.0% 23.1% Profit before taxes  EUR million 91.7 92.4 -0.8% 413.1 271.9 +52.0% % of net sales 21.1% 28.8% 26.8% 22.9% Profit for the period  EUR million 73.4 75.1 -2.3% 329.9 216.8 +52.2% % of net sales 16.9% 23.4% 21.4% 18.2% Research and development expenses  EUR million 62.5 36.6 +70.6% 179.6 126.9 +41.5% % of net sales 14.4% 11.4% 11.6% 10.7% Capital expenditure  excluding acquired in business combinations  EUR million 29.8 26.0 +14.6% 86.1 92.7 -7.1% % of net sales 6.9% 8.1% 5.6% 7.8% Acquired in business combination  net of cash  EUR million 0.1 Interest-bearing net liabilities  EUR million 121.7 93.3 +30.4% Basic earnings per share  EUR 0.52 0.54 -2.5% 2.35 1.54 +52.0% Cash flow from operating activities per share  EUR 0.63 0.35 +81.5% 2.09 0.85 > 100% Equity ratio  % 61.9% 62.3% Gearing  % 12.1% 10.5% Return on capital employed (before taxes)  % 34.9% 25.3% Return on equity (after taxes)  % 34.8% 24.1% Average number of personnel during the period 3 712 3 710 0.0%President and CEO Liisa Hurme:2024 was a year of strong growth for Orion""In January–December 2024  our net sales increased by 29.6 percent to EUR 1 542.4 (1 189.7) million and operating profit increased by 51.5 percent to EUR 416.6 (274.9) million.Year 2024 was a period of strong growth for Orion. I am particularly pleased that the underlying net sales and operating profit increased clearly. Net sales without significant milestone payments increased by more than 20 percent from the previous year. Operating profit increased by more than 30 percent  excluding significant milestone payments as well as the positive item related to the transfer of the insurance portfolio of Orion Pension Fund's B during the comparison period. Thanks to a strong year  we reached ahead of schedule the ambitious target we set ourselves in 2019 to reach EUR 1.5 billion in net sales by the end of 2025.Four of our five business divisions increased their net sales in 2024. The Group's growth was driven by the Innovative Medicines business division led by Nubeqa®. We are very pleased with the faster than expected growth  as well as the achievements of our partner Bayer in the market. Nubeqa's in-market sales during the calendar year exceeded EUR 1 billion in September 2024  which was a great milestone for both companies.The strong pull of the Easyhaler® product portfolio continued throughout the year  driving the growth of the Branded Products business division. The Generics and Consumer Health business division improved its development throughout the year and the growth of a couple of percent in the competitive generic market was a great performance. The Animal Health business division grew strongly  although a large part of the growth can be explained by a return to normal after a weaker year in 2023. Fermion's net sales were at the previous year's level  which is also a good performance  considering that at the same time the demand for the active ingredients of Orion's own innovative medicines has increased.At the beginning of 2024  we specified our strategy  which was implemented as planned in 2024. Our various businesses developed in line with the strategy and  among other things  the long-lasting gradual expansion of Orion's geographical footprint was continued when we opened our own sales office in Japan. In addition  we continued to expand our product portfolio with new licensing agreements and expand our research network with new cooperation agreements. We also increased investments in research and development  and sales and marketing as planned. These determined investments aim at Orion's growth in both the short and long term. After the reporting period in January 2025  we completed a huge project that started already in 2021  and successfully launched our new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system.In terms of development projects  we experienced two highlights in July 2024. Together with MSD  we converted the co-development and co-commercialisation agreement for opevesostat and other candidates targeting CYP11A1 to an exclusive global license for MSD. The conversion of this collaboration into a license agreement allows Orion tofocus our resources to progress our other promising research  development and growth programs. In addition  together with our partner Bayer  we reported that the ARANOTE trial had met its primary endpoint. Based on the results  Bayer has already submitted applications to extend the marketing authorisation for darolutamide in the US  the EU and China. In 2024  we decided to end the ODM-111 development program because the therapeutic window of the molecule turned out to be too narrow. Other of our earlier clinical phase projects progressed as planned.The year 2024 was eventful and we achieved many great things together. Thank you to all Orionees and our great partners for this. The road is open for growth also in 2025!”Proposal by the Board of Directors of Orion Corporation to the Annual General Meeting 2025 on the resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the distribution of dividendOrion Corporation’s distributable funds at 31 December 2024 are EUR 601 482 478.08  of which the profit for the financial year is EUR 232 653 163.99. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation to be held on 3 April 2025 that a dividend of EUR 1.64 per share be paid on the basis of the Balance Sheet confirmed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2024. No dividend shall be paid on treasury shares held by the Company on the record date for dividend payment.According to the proposal  the dividend would be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.82 per share would be paid to a shareholder who is on the record date for the payment of the dividend  7 April 2025  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the first instalment would be paid on 14 April 2025. The second instalment of EUR 0.82 per share would be paid to a shareholder who is on the record date for the payment of the dividend  16 October 2025  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the second instalment would be paid on 23 October 2025.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorise the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date for payment and payment date for the second instalment of the dividend in case of changes in the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or the regulations regarding the Finnish book-entry system or if other rules binding the Company so require.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that EUR 450 000 of the Company’s distributable funds be donated to medical research and other purposes of public interest as decided by the Board of Directors. Any remaining distributable funds would be allocated to retained earnings.There have been no material changes in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The liquidity of the Company is good and  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  the proposed profit distribution would not compromise the liquidity of the Company.Outlook for 2025Net sales are estimated to be EUR 1 550 million to EUR 1 650 million.Operating profit is estimated to be EUR 350 million to EUR 450 million.Basis for outlookCollaboration agreements with other pharmaceutical companies are an integral part of Orion’s business model. Agreements often include payments recorded in net sales and operating profit that vary greatly from year to year. Forecasting the timing and amount of these payments is difficult. In some cases  they are conditional on terms such as R&D outcomes which are not known until studies have been completed  the progress of R&D projects or the attainment of specified sales levels. Regarding possible new contracts under negotiation  neither the outcome nor the schedule of contract negotiations is generally known before the final signing of the agreement.In 2024  Orion booked two material milestones totalling EUR 130 million. The outlook for 2025 does not include any material milestone payments or one-offs.Milestone payments received by Orion in 2020–2024Year 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 EUR million 42 3 234 32 134The outlook does not include income  expenses or other impacts related to any future material product or company acquisition or divestment.Net salesThe outlook assumes that the Nubeqa® royalties and product sales booked by Orion will clearly increase in 2025. Orion’s assumption is based on forecasts received from its partner Bayer. However  it is difficult to predict the exact level of product sales and royalties of a strongly growing product for the whole year.The Branded Products business division is estimated to grow in 2025. Growth is anticipated to be driven by the Easyhaler® product portfolio but also other products are expected to support the growth. Entacapone products  for example  benefit from the fact that Orion has taken over the sales of the products in Japan. Animal Health business division is anticipated to grow slightly  with growth coming from various products. The net sales of the Generics and Consumer Health  and Fermion business divisions are estimated to be at a similar level as in 2024.Operating profitThe underlying operating profit growth  i.e. excluding material milestones  is expected to be driven by Nubeqa® royalties. However  it is difficult to predict the exact level of royalties of a strongly growing product for the whole year. Any variance from the predicted level can have a notable impact on Orion’s operating profit. Also  the mechanism by which each quarter’s product deliveries are always fully deducted from the next quarter’s royalty payments is causing fluctuation to operating profit. Even though this impact on operating profit is only temporary  the timing of product deliveries may have notable impact on Orion’s operating profit in one calendar year. Orion’s income is increasingly coming from the United States and thus changes in the US dollar exchange rate cause fluctuations in Orion’s operating profit.Research and development costs  and in particular their timing  can also cause fluctuations in operating profit. Although the future costs of research and development projects are known quite well in advance  there are uncertainties about their timing. The start of projects may be delayed  and projects may progress faster or slower than expected. Projects may also have to be terminated  in which case the anticipated costs will not be fully realised. Orion estimates that R&D costs in 2025 will increase from 2024.Sales and marketing expenses are expected to be at a similar level as in 2024. In 2024  sales and marketing expenses included EUR 23.5 million write down from ganaxolone. In 2025  the growth of underlying sales and marketing expenses is mainly due to growing investments to the Easyhaler® sales in Europe  ramping up the sales and sales force in Japan  and Nubeqa® royalty payable as per an agreement with Endo Pharmaceuticals.Capital expenditureThe Group’s total capital expenditure in 2025 is expected to be at a similar level as in 2024. The estimate of capital expenditure does not include any investments related to any future material product or company acquisition.Near-term risks and uncertaintiesOrion is exposed to risks that may arise from its operations or changes in the operating environment. The most significant risk factors described below can potentially have an adverse effect on Orion’s business operations  financial position or financial results. Other risks  which are currently either unknown or considered immaterial to Orion may  however  become material in the future.Orion’s own production and other operations are exposed to risks that may materially disrupt their operations or even interrupt them at least temporarily. Such risks include  for example  accidents  damages  natural disasters  strikes  employee illness  conflicts  terrorism  cyber-attacks  hybrid influence  disruption of information or communication systems  disruption of energy supply  and disruption of supply and logistics chains. Orion’s production and business operations are dependent on global supply and logistics chains  the inaction of which may lead to low availability of finished products and raw materials  starting materials  semi-finished products  supplies  equipment and spare parts needed in production.Sales of individual products and also Orion’s sales in individual markets may vary  for example depending on the extent to which the ever-tougher price and other competition prevailing in pharmaceutical markets in recent years will specifically focus on Orion’s products. Changes in pharmaceutical or other regulation in individual markets or more broadly  for example at EU level  may affect the sales and profitability of Orion’s products. Changes in overall market demand may also have negative impact on sales.Product deliveries to key partners are based on timetables that are jointly agreed in advance. Nevertheless  they can change  for example as a consequence of decisions concerning adjustments of stock levels. In addition  changes in market prices and exchange rates affect the value of deliveries.Key currencies that carry an exchange rate risk for Orion are the US dollar  the Swedish krona and the Polish zloty. Other significant currencies are the Danish krone and the Norwegian krone. However  the overall effect of the risk arising from currencies of European countries will be abated by the fact that Orion has organisations of its own in most European countries  which means that in addition to sales income there are also costs in these currencies.The current geopolitical conflicts and unrest  and other challenges in the global supply and logistics chains of pharmaceuticals have increased the already elevated risk of supply disruptions. The possible rise of raw material prices and other supply chain costs deteriorates the profitability of Orion’s products  since in the pharmaceutical industry it is very difficult to pass on cost increases to the prices of own products  especially prescription medicines  particularly in Europe. If high cost inflation occurs  it will pose a risk to Orion’s profitability.Authorities and key customers in different countries carry out regular and detailed inspections of drug development and manufacturing at Orion’s sites. Any remedial actions that may be required may at least temporarily have effects that decrease delivery reliability and increase costs. Orion’s product range also contains products manufactured by other pharmaceutical companies and products that Orion manufactures on its own but for which other companies supply active pharmaceutical or other ingredients and components or parts (among these the Easyhaler® products). Possible problems related to the delivery reliability or quality of the products of those manufacturers may cause a risk to Orion’s delivery reliability. The single-channel system used for pharmaceuticals distribution in Finland  in which Orion’s products have been delivered to customers through only one wholesaler  may also cause risks to delivery reliability.Research projects always entail uncertainty factors that may either increase or decrease estimated costs. Although the future costs of research and development projects are known quite well in advance  there are uncertainties about their timing. The start of projects may be delayed  and projects may progress faster or slower than expected having an impact on predicted costs within an individual year. Projects may also have to be terminated  in which case the anticipated costs will not be fully realised. Orion often undertakes the last  in other words Phase III  clinical trials in collaboration with other pharmaceutical companies. Commencement of these collaboration relationships and their structure also materially affect the schedule and cost level of research projects.Collaboration arrangements are an important component of Orion’s business model. Possible collaboration and licensing agreements related to these arrangements also often include payments to be recorded in net sales that may materially affect Orion’s financial results. The payments may be subject to conditions relating to the progress of research projects or sales or to new contracts to be signed  and whether these conditions or contracts materialise and what their timing is  will always entail uncertainties. The upfront and milestone payments paid by Orion to its collaborators  which are recorded as investments in intangible assets in balance sheet  include write-down risk that may be realised if  for example  a collaborative research project fails or otherwise has to be discontinued.Webcast and Conference CallA webcast and a conference call for analysts  investors and media representatives will be held on Tuesday  25 February 2025 at 13.30 EET.A link to the live webcast is available on Orion's website at www.orionpharma.com/investors . A recording of the event will be available on the website later the same day.Conference call can be joined by registering through the following link:https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=5004660Phone numbers and the conference ID to access the conference will be provided after the registration. In case you would like to ask a question during the conference  please dial *5 on your telephone keypad to enter the question queue.Questions can also be presented in writing through the question form of the webcast.Upcoming eventsAnnual General Meeting 2025 planned to be held on 3 April 2025 Interim Report January–March 2025 Wednesday 23 April 2025 Capital Markets Day 2025 Thursday 22 May 2025 Half-Year Financial Report January–June 2025 Friday 18 July 2025 Interim Report January–September 2025 Tuesday 28 October 2025The Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors for 2024 will be published on the Company’s website at the latest in week 11/2025.Espoo  25 February 2025Board of Directors of Orion CorporationFor additional information about the report:Tuukka Hirvonen  Investor Relations  tel. +358 10 426 2721 or +358 50 966 2721Publisher:Orion Corporationhttps://www.orionpharma.comOrion is a globally operating Finnish pharmaceutical company – a builder of well-being for over a hundred years. We develop  manufacture and market human and veterinary pharmaceuticals and active pharmaceutical ingredients. Orion has an extensive portfolio of proprietary and generic medicines and consumer health products. The core therapy areas of our pharmaceutical R&D are oncology and pain. Proprietary products developed by Orion are used to treat cancer  neurological diseases and respiratory diseases  among others. Orion's net sales in 2024 amounted to EUR 1 542 million and the company had about 3 700 employees at the end of the year. Orion's A and B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Orion Group Financial Statement Release', 'December', 'The Animal Health business division', 'Orion Group Financial Statement Release', 'Consumer Health business division', 'Branded Products business division', 'new enterprise resource planning', 'Innovative Medicines business division', 'five business divisions', 'new licensing agreements', 'new cooperation agreements', 'CEO Liisa Hurme', 'lasting gradual expansion', 'exclusive global license', 'significant milestone payments', 'Interest-bearing net liabilities', 'competitive generic market', 'Orion Pension Fund', 'Easyhaler® product portfolio', 'underlying net sales', 'The Group', 'business combinations', 'The Board', 'The Generics', 'great milestone', 'insurance portfolio', 'Basic earnings', 'operating activities', 'two instalments', 'Key figures', 'Average number', 'positive item', 'ambitious target', 'market sales', 'strong pull', 'great performance', 'large part', 'good performance', 'same time', 'active ingredients', 'various businesses', 'other things', 'geographical footprint', 'sales office', 'huge project', 'ERP) system', 'two highlights', 'commercialisation agreement', 'other candidates', 'ORION CORPORATION', 'Operating profit', 'Cash flow', 'previous year', 'strong year', 'calendar year', 'weaker year', 'Capital expenditure', '100% Equity ratio', 'determined investments', 'long term', 'development expenses', 'comparison period', 'reporting period', 'development projects', 'research network', 'strong growth', 'January–December', 'Year 2024', '25 FEBRUARY', '12:00 EET', 'share', 'Directors', 'dividend', 'EUR', 'Outlook', 'EBITDA', 'taxes', 'Return', 'personnel', 'President', '29.6 percent', '51.5 percent', '20 percent', '30 percent', 'transfer', 'schedule', 'Nubeqa®', 'achievements', 'partner', 'Bayer', 'September', 'companies', 'couple', 'normal', 'Fermion', 'level', 'demand', 'beginning', 'strategy', 'line', 'Japan', 'addition', 'marketing', 'short', 'terms', 'July', 'MSD', 'opevesostat', 'CYP11A1', 'conversio']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,taiwannews.com.tw
49018,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.politico.eu/article/eu-ukraine-peace-talks-donald-trump-russia-war-200-billion-kremlin-us-politics-g20/,EU eyes €200B secret weapon as Trump dominates Ukraine peace talks,Europe has significant leverage after being left out of key talks on ending the war in Ukraine  but will it use it?,Luckily for the bloc  the lion’s share of those funds — around €200 billion — is being held in Brussels-based financial institution Euroclear and is earning interest. The U.S.  on the other hand  holds a mere $5 billion.Seizure of those assets is a drastic option that would almost certainly guarantee Europe a bigger seat at the table  after it was frozen out by the U.S. and the Kremlin in their recent talks in Riyadh  Saudi Arabia.But as finance ministers and central bank governors gather in South Africa this week for the G20  EU governments remain divided on whether unfreezing those funds would prove to Trump that Brussels still has some muscle — or whether it would backfire.Bargaining chipAmid the looming threat of U.S. disengagement from Ukraine  Russia hawks argue that unfreezing the cash and handing it to Kyiv would allow the war-torn country to gain the upper hand on the battlefield and resist Trump’s demands to end the war.“[With the Russian frozen assets] we can replace U.S. support if the U.S. is still going to decide not to support Ukraine anymore ” Estonian Foreign Minister Margus Tsahkna said on Monday.“We have €300 billion worth of Russian frozen assets in Europe  and we need to use it ” Tsahkna told journalists in Brussels  alongside his counterparts from Denmark  Sweden  Lithuania and Latvia. (Although the exact amount of Russian frozen assets in Europe is unclear  the number is generally accepted as closer to €200 billion than €300 billion.),neutral,0.01,0.61,0.37,mixed,0.19,0.12,0.69,True,English,"['€200B secret weapon', 'Ukraine peace talks', 'EU', 'Trump', 'Estonian Foreign Minister Margus Tsahkna', 'Brussels-based financial institution Euroclear', 'central bank governors', 'The U.S.', 'U.S. disengagement', 'U.S. support', 'Russian frozen assets', 'other hand', 'drastic option', 'bigger seat', 'recent talks', 'Saudi Arabia', 'finance ministers', 'South Africa', 'EU governments', 'Bargaining chip', 'looming threat', 'Russia hawks', 'war-torn country', 'upper hand', '€300 billion worth', 'exact amount', 'bloc', 'share', 'funds', 'interest', 'Seizure', 'Europe', 'table', 'Kremlin', 'Riyadh', 'G20', 'Trump', 'muscle', 'Ukraine', 'cash', 'Kyiv', 'battlefield', 'demands', 'Monday', 'journalists', 'counterparts', 'Denmark', 'Sweden', 'Lithuania', 'Latvia', 'number']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,politico.eu
49019,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64657977-tmx-group-limited-tmx-group-and-clearstream-announce-bank-of-canada-to-utilize-the-canadian-collateral-management-service-296.htm,TMX Group Limited: TMX Group and Clearstream Announce Bank of Canada to Utilize the Canadian Collateral Management Service,TMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository,"Toronto  Ontario and Luxembourg  Luxembourg--(Newsfile Corp. - February 25  2025) - TMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository of Deutsche Börse Group  are pleased with the Bank of Canada's decision to utilize the Canadian Collateral Management Service (CCMS).Developed by TMX Group and Clearstream  the CCMS facilitates the optimization and collateralization of securities finance activities throughout the Canadian market. The CCMS provides exclusive domestic tri-party repo capabilities to increase repo market liquidity.The CCMS streamlines and simplifies end-to-end domestic collateral management activities  thereby unlocking trapped collateral and improving collateral mobility for repo  securities lending and margin for derivatives activities.The participation of the central bank in domestic tri-party operations is both a globally accepted standard and a key facilitator for the broader market. The Bank of Canada joining the CCMS is a significant step towards further strengthening Canada's financial markets ecosystem and aligning to global standards.Toni Gravelle  Deputy Governor  Bank of Canada  said: ""The Bank of Canada is pleased to join the CCMS. Once we've updated our IT systems to onboard the new platform  the CCMS will enable us to execute our market operations with greater speed and flexibility.""Marton Szigeti  Head of Collateral  Lending & Liquidity Solutions at Clearstream  commented: ""Since its launch in 2024  the CCMS has developed to be the go-to service for tri-party collateral management in Canada. The Bank of Canada deciding to join the service underlines its strategic significance for the stability  efficiency and innovative power of the country's capital markets.""Steve Everett  Head of Post Trade Innovation  TMX Group  said: ""We are delighted that the Bank of Canada is joining the CCMS. This milestone modernizes  strengthens and standardizes the entire secured funding ecosystem improving market resilience  risk management and collateral mobility at scale.""For more information please read the new Bank of Canada Staff Analytical Note that describes the benefits of the CCMS for market participants and for the Bank of Canada.About TMX Group (TSX: X)TMX Group operates global markets  and builds digital communities and analytic solutions that facilitate the funding  growth and success of businesses  traders and investors. TMX Group's key operations include Toronto Stock Exchange  TSX Venture Exchange  TSX Alpha Exchange  The Canadian Depository for Securities  Montréal Exchange  Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation  TSX Trust  TMX Trayport  TMX Datalinx and TMX VettaFi  which provide listing markets  trading markets  clearing facilities  depository services  technology solutions  data products and other services to the global financial community. TMX Group is headquartered in Toronto and operates offices across North America (Montréal  Calgary  Vancouver and New York)  as well as in key international markets including London  Singapore and Vienna. For more information about TMX Group  visit www.tmx.com. Follow TMX Group on X: @TMXGroup.About ClearstreamClearstream is the innovative and trusted post-trade business for the global markets. It runs the leading securities and funds servicing ecosystems of tomorrow.The company operates the German and Luxembourg central securities depositories and an international central securities depository for the Eurobonds market. With 17 trillion Euros in assets under custody  it is one of the world's largest settlement and custody firms for domestic and international securities.It also delivers premier fund execution  distribution  data and reporting services  covering over 50 fund markets worldwide.Clearstream is part of Deutsche Börse Group  an international exchange organisation and provider of innovative market infrastructures.To learn more  visit us at www.clearstream.com or connect via LinkedIn.To view the source version of this press release  please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/242345SOURCE: TMX Group Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'TMX Group Limited', 'Clearstream', 'Bank', 'Canada', 'exclusive domestic tri-party repo capabilities', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Clearstream Banking S.A.', 'Canada Staff Analytical Note', 'Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation', 'Luxembourg central securities depositories', 'international central securities depository', 'domestic collateral management activities', 'Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'tri-party collateral management', 'international exchange organisation', 'Post Trade Innovation', 'domestic tri-party operations', 'securities finance activities', 'The Canadian Depository', 'premier fund execution', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'TSX Alpha Exchange', 'global financial community', 'Montréal Exchange', 'key international markets', 'financial markets ecosystem', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'repo market liquidity', 'TMX Group Limited', 'innovative market infrastructures', 'derivatives activities', 'international securities', 'Canadian market', 'risk management', 'depository services', 'central bank', 'clearing facilities', 'leading securities', '50 fund markets', 'collateral mobility', 'Liquidity Solutions', 'global markets', 'key facilitator', 'key operations', 'securities lending', 'global standards', 'capital markets', 'TSX Trust', 'listing markets', 'trading markets', 'broader market', 'market resilience', 'market participants', 'Eurobonds market', 'TMX Trayport', 'TMX Datalinx', 'TMX VettaFi', 'Newsfile Corp.', 'significant step', 'Toni Gravelle', 'Deputy Governor', 'IT systems', 'new platform', 'greater speed', 'Marton Szigeti', 'strategic significance', 'innovative power', 'Steve Everett', 'funding ecosystem', 'digital communities', 'analytic solutions', 'technology solutions', 'other services', 'North America', 'New York', 'post-trade business', '17 trillion Euros', 'largest settlement', 'reporting services', 'press release', 'The Bank', 'new Bank', 'data products', 'custody firms', 'source version', 'The CCMS', 'Ontario', 'February', 'decision', 'optimization', 'collateralization', 'margin', 'participation', 'flexibility', 'Head', 'launch', 'stability', 'efficiency', 'country', 'milestone', 'entire', 'scale', 'information', 'benefits', 'growth', 'success', 'businesses', 'traders', 'investors', 'offices', 'Calgary', 'Vancouver', 'London', 'Singapore', 'Vienna', 'trusted', 'funds', 'ecosystems', 'tomorrow', 'company', 'German', 'assets', 'world', 'distribution', 'provider', 'LinkedIn', 'newsfilecorp']",2025-02-06,2025-02-25,finanznachrichten.de
49020,Clearstream,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tmx-group-clearstream-announce-bank-213000636.html,TMX Group and Clearstream Announce Bank of Canada to Utilize the Canadian Collateral Management Service,TMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository of Deutsche Börse Group  are pleased with the Bank of Canada's decision to utilize the Canadian Collateral Management Service (CCMS).,"Toronto  Ontario and Luxembourg  Luxembourg--(Newsfile Corp. - February 25  2025) - TMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository of Deutsche Börse Group  are pleased with the Bank of Canada's decision to utilize the Canadian Collateral Management Service (CCMS).Developed by TMX Group and Clearstream  the CCMS facilitates the optimization and collateralization of securities finance activities throughout the Canadian market. The CCMS provides exclusive domestic tri-party repo capabilities to increase repo market liquidity.The CCMS streamlines and simplifies end-to-end domestic collateral management activities  thereby unlocking trapped collateral and improving collateral mobility for repo  securities lending and margin for derivatives activities.The participation of the central bank in domestic tri-party operations is both a globally accepted standard and a key facilitator for the broader market. The Bank of Canada joining the CCMS is a significant step towards further strengthening Canada's financial markets ecosystem and aligning to global standards.Toni Gravelle  Deputy Governor  Bank of Canada  said: ""The Bank of Canada is pleased to join the CCMS. Once we've updated our IT systems to onboard the new platform  the CCMS will enable us to execute our market operations with greater speed and flexibility.""Marton Szigeti  Head of Collateral  Lending & Liquidity Solutions at Clearstream  commented: ""Since its launch in 2024  the CCMS has developed to be the go-to service for tri-party collateral management in Canada. The Bank of Canada deciding to join the service underlines its strategic significance for the stability  efficiency and innovative power of the country's capital markets.""Steve Everett  Head of Post Trade Innovation  TMX Group  said: ""We are delighted that the Bank of Canada is joining the CCMS. This milestone modernizes  strengthens and standardizes the entire secured funding ecosystem improving market resilience  risk management and collateral mobility at scale.""For more information please read the new Bank of Canada Staff Analytical Note that describes the benefits of the CCMS for market participants and for the Bank of Canada.About TMX Group (TSX: X)TMX Group operates global markets  and builds digital communities and analytic solutions that facilitate the funding  growth and success of businesses  traders and investors. TMX Group's key operations include Toronto Stock Exchange  TSX Venture Exchange  TSX Alpha Exchange  The Canadian Depository for Securities  Montréal Exchange  Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation  TSX Trust  TMX Trayport  TMX Datalinx and TMX VettaFi  which provide listing markets  trading markets  clearing facilities  depository services  technology solutions  data products and other services to the global financial community. TMX Group is headquartered in Toronto and operates offices across North America (Montréal  Calgary  Vancouver and New York)  as well as in key international markets including London  Singapore and Vienna. For more information about TMX Group  visit www.tmx.com. Follow TMX Group on X: @TMXGroup.Story Continues",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'Clearstream Announce Bank', 'TMX Group', 'Canada', 'exclusive domestic tri-party repo capabilities', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Clearstream Banking S.A.', 'Canada Staff Analytical Note', 'Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation', 'domestic collateral management activities', 'international central securities depository', 'Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'domestic tri-party operations', 'tri-party collateral management', 'Post Trade Innovation', 'securities finance activities', 'The Canadian Depository', 'global financial community', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'TSX Alpha Exchange', 'key international markets', 'Montréal Exchange', 'financial markets ecosystem', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'repo market liquidity', 'TMX Group Limited', 'derivatives activities', 'Canadian market', 'risk management', 'clearing facilities', 'depository services', 'global markets', 'collateral mobility', 'central bank', 'Liquidity Solutions', 'key facilitator', 'global standards', 'capital markets', 'key operations', 'listing markets', 'trading markets', 'TSX Trust', 'Newsfile Corp.', 'securities lending', 'broader market', 'significant step', 'Toni Gravelle', 'Deputy Governor', 'IT systems', 'new platform', 'greater speed', 'Marton Szigeti', 'strategic significance', 'innovative power', 'Steve Everett', 'funding ecosystem', 'market resilience', 'market participants', 'digital communities', 'analytic solutions', 'TMX Trayport', 'TMX Datalinx', 'TMX VettaFi', 'technology solutions', 'data products', 'other services', 'North America', 'New York', 'The Bank', 'new Bank', 'The CCMS', 'Ontario', 'Luxembourg', 'February', 'decision', 'optimization', 'collateralization', 'margin', 'participation', 'flexibility', 'Head', 'launch', 'stability', 'efficiency', 'country', 'milestone', 'entire', 'scale', 'information', 'benefits', 'growth', 'success', 'businesses', 'traders', 'investors', 'offices', 'Calgary', 'Vancouver', 'London', 'Singapore', 'Vienna', 'Story']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,finance.yahoo.com
49021,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64657977-tmx-group-limited-tmx-group-and-clearstream-announce-bank-of-canada-to-utilize-the-canadian-collateral-management-service-296.htm,TMX Group Limited: TMX Group and Clearstream Announce Bank of Canada to Utilize the Canadian Collateral Management Service,TMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository,"Toronto  Ontario and Luxembourg  Luxembourg--(Newsfile Corp. - February 25  2025) - TMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository of Deutsche Börse Group  are pleased with the Bank of Canada's decision to utilize the Canadian Collateral Management Service (CCMS).Developed by TMX Group and Clearstream  the CCMS facilitates the optimization and collateralization of securities finance activities throughout the Canadian market. The CCMS provides exclusive domestic tri-party repo capabilities to increase repo market liquidity.The CCMS streamlines and simplifies end-to-end domestic collateral management activities  thereby unlocking trapped collateral and improving collateral mobility for repo  securities lending and margin for derivatives activities.The participation of the central bank in domestic tri-party operations is both a globally accepted standard and a key facilitator for the broader market. The Bank of Canada joining the CCMS is a significant step towards further strengthening Canada's financial markets ecosystem and aligning to global standards.Toni Gravelle  Deputy Governor  Bank of Canada  said: ""The Bank of Canada is pleased to join the CCMS. Once we've updated our IT systems to onboard the new platform  the CCMS will enable us to execute our market operations with greater speed and flexibility.""Marton Szigeti  Head of Collateral  Lending & Liquidity Solutions at Clearstream  commented: ""Since its launch in 2024  the CCMS has developed to be the go-to service for tri-party collateral management in Canada. The Bank of Canada deciding to join the service underlines its strategic significance for the stability  efficiency and innovative power of the country's capital markets.""Steve Everett  Head of Post Trade Innovation  TMX Group  said: ""We are delighted that the Bank of Canada is joining the CCMS. This milestone modernizes  strengthens and standardizes the entire secured funding ecosystem improving market resilience  risk management and collateral mobility at scale.""For more information please read the new Bank of Canada Staff Analytical Note that describes the benefits of the CCMS for market participants and for the Bank of Canada.About TMX Group (TSX: X)TMX Group operates global markets  and builds digital communities and analytic solutions that facilitate the funding  growth and success of businesses  traders and investors. TMX Group's key operations include Toronto Stock Exchange  TSX Venture Exchange  TSX Alpha Exchange  The Canadian Depository for Securities  Montréal Exchange  Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation  TSX Trust  TMX Trayport  TMX Datalinx and TMX VettaFi  which provide listing markets  trading markets  clearing facilities  depository services  technology solutions  data products and other services to the global financial community. TMX Group is headquartered in Toronto and operates offices across North America (Montréal  Calgary  Vancouver and New York)  as well as in key international markets including London  Singapore and Vienna. For more information about TMX Group  visit www.tmx.com. Follow TMX Group on X: @TMXGroup.About ClearstreamClearstream is the innovative and trusted post-trade business for the global markets. It runs the leading securities and funds servicing ecosystems of tomorrow.The company operates the German and Luxembourg central securities depositories and an international central securities depository for the Eurobonds market. With 17 trillion Euros in assets under custody  it is one of the world's largest settlement and custody firms for domestic and international securities.It also delivers premier fund execution  distribution  data and reporting services  covering over 50 fund markets worldwide.Clearstream is part of Deutsche Börse Group  an international exchange organisation and provider of innovative market infrastructures.To learn more  visit us at www.clearstream.com or connect via LinkedIn.To view the source version of this press release  please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/242345SOURCE: TMX Group Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'TMX Group Limited', 'Clearstream', 'Bank', 'Canada', 'exclusive domestic tri-party repo capabilities', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Clearstream Banking S.A.', 'Canada Staff Analytical Note', 'Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation', 'Luxembourg central securities depositories', 'international central securities depository', 'domestic collateral management activities', 'Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'tri-party collateral management', 'international exchange organisation', 'Post Trade Innovation', 'domestic tri-party operations', 'securities finance activities', 'The Canadian Depository', 'premier fund execution', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'TSX Alpha Exchange', 'global financial community', 'Montréal Exchange', 'key international markets', 'financial markets ecosystem', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'repo market liquidity', 'TMX Group Limited', 'innovative market infrastructures', 'derivatives activities', 'international securities', 'Canadian market', 'risk management', 'depository services', 'central bank', 'clearing facilities', 'leading securities', '50 fund markets', 'collateral mobility', 'Liquidity Solutions', 'global markets', 'key facilitator', 'key operations', 'securities lending', 'global standards', 'capital markets', 'TSX Trust', 'listing markets', 'trading markets', 'broader market', 'market resilience', 'market participants', 'Eurobonds market', 'TMX Trayport', 'TMX Datalinx', 'TMX VettaFi', 'Newsfile Corp.', 'significant step', 'Toni Gravelle', 'Deputy Governor', 'IT systems', 'new platform', 'greater speed', 'Marton Szigeti', 'strategic significance', 'innovative power', 'Steve Everett', 'funding ecosystem', 'digital communities', 'analytic solutions', 'technology solutions', 'other services', 'North America', 'New York', 'post-trade business', '17 trillion Euros', 'largest settlement', 'reporting services', 'press release', 'The Bank', 'new Bank', 'data products', 'custody firms', 'source version', 'The CCMS', 'Ontario', 'February', 'decision', 'optimization', 'collateralization', 'margin', 'participation', 'flexibility', 'Head', 'launch', 'stability', 'efficiency', 'country', 'milestone', 'entire', 'scale', 'information', 'benefits', 'growth', 'success', 'businesses', 'traders', 'investors', 'offices', 'Calgary', 'Vancouver', 'London', 'Singapore', 'Vienna', 'trusted', 'funds', 'ecosystems', 'tomorrow', 'company', 'German', 'assets', 'world', 'distribution', 'provider', 'LinkedIn', 'newsfilecorp']",2025-02-06,2025-02-25,finanznachrichten.de
49022,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tmx-group-clearstream-announce-bank-213000636.html,TMX Group and Clearstream Announce Bank of Canada to Utilize the Canadian Collateral Management Service,TMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository of Deutsche Börse Group  are pleased with the Bank of Canada's decision to utilize the Canadian Collateral Management Service (CCMS).,"Toronto  Ontario and Luxembourg  Luxembourg--(Newsfile Corp. - February 25  2025) - TMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository of Deutsche Börse Group  are pleased with the Bank of Canada's decision to utilize the Canadian Collateral Management Service (CCMS).Developed by TMX Group and Clearstream  the CCMS facilitates the optimization and collateralization of securities finance activities throughout the Canadian market. The CCMS provides exclusive domestic tri-party repo capabilities to increase repo market liquidity.The CCMS streamlines and simplifies end-to-end domestic collateral management activities  thereby unlocking trapped collateral and improving collateral mobility for repo  securities lending and margin for derivatives activities.The participation of the central bank in domestic tri-party operations is both a globally accepted standard and a key facilitator for the broader market. The Bank of Canada joining the CCMS is a significant step towards further strengthening Canada's financial markets ecosystem and aligning to global standards.Toni Gravelle  Deputy Governor  Bank of Canada  said: ""The Bank of Canada is pleased to join the CCMS. Once we've updated our IT systems to onboard the new platform  the CCMS will enable us to execute our market operations with greater speed and flexibility.""Marton Szigeti  Head of Collateral  Lending & Liquidity Solutions at Clearstream  commented: ""Since its launch in 2024  the CCMS has developed to be the go-to service for tri-party collateral management in Canada. The Bank of Canada deciding to join the service underlines its strategic significance for the stability  efficiency and innovative power of the country's capital markets.""Steve Everett  Head of Post Trade Innovation  TMX Group  said: ""We are delighted that the Bank of Canada is joining the CCMS. This milestone modernizes  strengthens and standardizes the entire secured funding ecosystem improving market resilience  risk management and collateral mobility at scale.""For more information please read the new Bank of Canada Staff Analytical Note that describes the benefits of the CCMS for market participants and for the Bank of Canada.About TMX Group (TSX: X)TMX Group operates global markets  and builds digital communities and analytic solutions that facilitate the funding  growth and success of businesses  traders and investors. TMX Group's key operations include Toronto Stock Exchange  TSX Venture Exchange  TSX Alpha Exchange  The Canadian Depository for Securities  Montréal Exchange  Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation  TSX Trust  TMX Trayport  TMX Datalinx and TMX VettaFi  which provide listing markets  trading markets  clearing facilities  depository services  technology solutions  data products and other services to the global financial community. TMX Group is headquartered in Toronto and operates offices across North America (Montréal  Calgary  Vancouver and New York)  as well as in key international markets including London  Singapore and Vienna. For more information about TMX Group  visit www.tmx.com. Follow TMX Group on X: @TMXGroup.Story Continues",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'Clearstream Announce Bank', 'TMX Group', 'Canada', 'exclusive domestic tri-party repo capabilities', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Clearstream Banking S.A.', 'Canada Staff Analytical Note', 'Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation', 'domestic collateral management activities', 'international central securities depository', 'Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'domestic tri-party operations', 'tri-party collateral management', 'Post Trade Innovation', 'securities finance activities', 'The Canadian Depository', 'global financial community', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'TSX Alpha Exchange', 'key international markets', 'Montréal Exchange', 'financial markets ecosystem', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'repo market liquidity', 'TMX Group Limited', 'derivatives activities', 'Canadian market', 'risk management', 'clearing facilities', 'depository services', 'global markets', 'collateral mobility', 'central bank', 'Liquidity Solutions', 'key facilitator', 'global standards', 'capital markets', 'key operations', 'listing markets', 'trading markets', 'TSX Trust', 'Newsfile Corp.', 'securities lending', 'broader market', 'significant step', 'Toni Gravelle', 'Deputy Governor', 'IT systems', 'new platform', 'greater speed', 'Marton Szigeti', 'strategic significance', 'innovative power', 'Steve Everett', 'funding ecosystem', 'market resilience', 'market participants', 'digital communities', 'analytic solutions', 'TMX Trayport', 'TMX Datalinx', 'TMX VettaFi', 'technology solutions', 'data products', 'other services', 'North America', 'New York', 'The Bank', 'new Bank', 'The CCMS', 'Ontario', 'Luxembourg', 'February', 'decision', 'optimization', 'collateralization', 'margin', 'participation', 'flexibility', 'Head', 'launch', 'stability', 'efficiency', 'country', 'milestone', 'entire', 'scale', 'information', 'benefits', 'growth', 'success', 'businesses', 'traders', 'investors', 'offices', 'Calgary', 'Vancouver', 'London', 'Singapore', 'Vienna', 'Story']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,finance.yahoo.com
49023,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.aktiencheck.de/news/Artikel-Deutsche_Post_Stock_DHL_Parent_Slips_Despite_Middle_East_Expansion-18232620,Deutsche Post Stock: DHL Parent Slips Despite Middle East Expansion (),The DHL Group (formerly Deutsche Post) experienced a notable decline in stock performance  with shares dropping to €37.41 on Tuesday  marking a 0.2% decrease. Trading volume exceeded 634 000 shares  with prices touching a daily low of €36.,The DHL Group (formerly Deutsche Post) experienced a notable decline in stock performance  with shares dropping to €37.41 on Tuesday  marking a 0.2% decrease. Trading volume exceeded 634 000 shares  with prices touching a daily low of €36.98. This downturn comes despite the stock's recent 52-week high of €43.33 achieved in February. However  analyst sentiment remains positive  with average price targets set at €40.50  suggesting significant upward potential. The company's financial performance shows mixed results  with third-quarter revenue climbing 6.16% to €20.59 billion  though earnings per share slightly decreased from €0.68 to €0.64. Looking ahead  experts project earnings of €2.81 per share for 2024  with an anticipated dividend of €1.86 per share  marginally higher than the previous year.Strategic Middle Eastern InvestmentIn a significant strategic move  DHL eCommerce is strengthening its market position through a minority stake acquisition in AJEX  a Saudi Arabian logistics company. This investment provides DHL access to AJEX's extensive network of over 50 locations and approximately 1 500 employees. The partnership marks a crucial step in DHL's regional expansion strategy  completing its presence across all four international business segments in the growing Saudi Arabian e-commerce market.AdFresh Deutsche Post information released. What's the impact for investors? Our latest independent report examines recent figures and market trends.,neutral,0.01,0.83,0.16,negative,0.0,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Deutsche Post Stock', 'DHL Parent Slips', 'Middle East Expansion', 'growing Saudi Arabian e-commerce market', 'four international business segments', 'Saudi Arabian logistics company', 'Strategic Middle Eastern Investment', 'Fresh Deutsche Post information', 'significant strategic move', 'average price targets', 'significant upward potential', 'minority stake acquisition', 'regional expansion strategy', 'latest independent report', 'recent 52-week high', 'The DHL Group', 'market position', 'market trends', 'recent figures', 'notable decline', 'Trading volume', 'daily low', 'analyst sentiment', 'financial performance', 'mixed results', 'third-quarter revenue', 'previous year', 'DHL eCommerce', 'DHL access', 'extensive network', 'crucial step', 'stock performance', 'shares', 'Tuesday', '0.2% decrease', 'prices', 'downturn', 'February', 'earnings', 'experts', 'dividend', 'AJEX', '50 locations', '1,500 employees', 'partnership', 'presence', 'impact', 'investors']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,aktiencheck.de
49024,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.aktiencheck.de/news/Artikel-Deutsche_Lufthansa_Stock_BlackRock_Boosts_Stake_Amid_Price_Rally-18232352,Deutsche Lufthansa Stock: BlackRock Boosts Stake Amid Price Rally (),Deutsche Lufthansa's stock demonstrated remarkable resilience on Tuesday  climbing 1.5 percent to reach €6.67 on XETRA trading  with substantial volume exceeding 4.2 million shares. This positive momentum comes alongside a significant development in the company's shareholder structure ,Deutsche Lufthansa's stock demonstrated remarkable resilience on Tuesday  climbing 1.5 percent to reach €6.67 on XETRA trading  with substantial volume exceeding 4.2 million shares. This positive momentum comes alongside a significant development in the company's shareholder structure  as global investment giant BlackRock has increased its voting rights stake to 3.18 percent. When including additional financial instruments  BlackRock's total position now stands at 3.76 percent  highlighting growing institutional investor confidence in the German carrier. The stock currently trades approximately 11 percent below its 52-week high of €7.41  while maintaining a comfortable 24 percent buffer above its yearly low of €5.38.Analyst Outlook and Market PositionMarket analysts maintain an optimistic stance on Lufthansa's stock  setting an average price target of €7.36  suggesting potential upward movement of over 11 percent from current levels. This positive outlook is supported by recent financial performance  with the company reporting a 4.51 percent revenue increase to €10.74 billion. However  shareholders might notice a slight reduction in dividend expectations  with forecasts indicating a payment of €0.242 per share  down from the previous year's €0.300.AdFresh Deutsche Lufthansa information released. What's the impact for investors? Our latest independent report examines recent figures and market trends.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.87,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Lufthansa Stock', 'Price Rally', 'BlackRock', 'Stake', 'growing institutional investor confidence', 'Fresh Deutsche Lufthansa information', 'global investment giant', 'voting rights stake', 'additional financial instruments', 'average price target', 'potential upward movement', 'latest independent report', 'recent financial performance', 'comfortable 24 percent buffer', '4.51 percent revenue increase', 'recent figures', 'remarkable resilience', 'XETRA trading', 'substantial volume', '4.2 million shares', 'positive momentum', 'significant development', 'shareholder structure', 'total position', 'German carrier', '52-week high', 'Analyst Outlook', 'Market Position', 'Market analysts', 'optimistic stance', 'current levels', 'positive outlook', 'slight reduction', 'dividend expectations', 'previous year', 'market trends', '3.18 percent', '3.76 percent', '11 percent', 'stock', 'Tuesday', 'company', 'BlackRock', 'yearly', 'shareholders', 'forecasts', 'payment', 'impact', 'investors']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,aktiencheck.de
49025,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3030957/0/en/Heineken-N-V-reports-the-progress-of-transactions-under-its-current-share-buyback-programme.html,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme  Amsterdam  24 February 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT:...,"Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its currentshare buyback programmeAmsterdam  24 February 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) hereby reports transaction details related to the first €750 million tranche of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme as communicated on 12 February 2025.From 17 February 2025 up to and including 21 February 2025 a total of 67 085 shares was repurchased on exchange at an average price of € 78.12. During the same period  66 866 shares were repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V..Up to and including 21 February 2025  a total of 173 888 shares was repurchased under the share buyback programme for a total consideration of € 13 649 534 (including shares repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V.).Heineken N.V. publishes on a weekly basis  every Monday  an overview of the progress of the share buyback programme on its website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/share-information/share-buyback-programmeEnquiries Media Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director of Global Communication Global Director of Investor Relations Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Regulatory informationThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations as set out in Article 5(1)(b) Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Article 2(2) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 that contains technical standards for buyback programs.Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 340 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn and Instagram.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['current share buyback programme', 'Heineken N.V.', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager', 'Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director', 'Global Communication Global Director', 'Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus', 'current share buyback programme', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'Heineken Holding N.V..', 'first €750 million tranche', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'Heineken N.V.', 'long-term brand investment', 'Article 5(1)(b) Regulation', 'Most recent information', 'Enquiries Media Investors', 'buyback programs', 'Heineken® brand', 'transaction details', 'average price', 'same period', 'weekly basis', 'Senior Analyst', 'Regulatory information', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'technical standards', 'Editorial information', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'total consideration', 'Better World', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Amsterdam', '24 February', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', '12 February', '17 February', '21 February', '67,085 shares', 'exchange', '66,866 shares', '173,888 shares', 'overview', 'website', 'theheinekencompany', 'share-buyback-programme', 'mail', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', '85,000 employees', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Attachment']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49026,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3031418/0/en/EVS-Broadcast-Equipment-reports-update-of-share-buyback-program.html,EVS Broadcast Equipment reports update of share buyback program,EVS reports update of share buyback program           Liège  Belgium | February 24  2025    EVS Broadcast Equipment reports that the following......,EVS reports update of share buyback programLiège  Belgium | February 24  2025EVS Broadcast Equipment reports that the following transactions  conducted within the framework of the share buyback program announced on November 25  2024  took place between February 17 and 21  2025:Trade Date Number of shares acquired Average price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Total (EUR) Market 17-02-25 352 33.1000 33.10 33.10 11 651 XBRU 18-02-25 - - - - - 19-02-25 - - - - - 20-02-25 - - - - - 21-02-25 - - - - - Total 352 33.1000 33.10 33.10 11 651As of February 21  2025  and since the start of the buyback program  EVS has bought 177 243 shares at an average price of EUR 30.6536  representing in total EUR 5 433 144.42. This corresponds to 54.33% of the announced 10 Mio€ program completed.After aforementioned transactions  the total number of own shares amounts to 897 027 shares as of February 21  2025 (including 776 508 shares already held by the company before the start of the share buyback program).All details related to the acquisition of own shares by EVS Broadcast Equipment can be found on https://evs.com/investors/share-buybackAbout EVSWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as a leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies. Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 700 team members and ensuring sales  training  and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. EVS is  amongst others  part of the Euronext Tech Leaders and Euronext BEL Mid indices.Media ContactsFor more info about this press release  or to set up an interview with EVS  please contact:Veerle De Wit – Chief Financial OfficerTel: +32 4 361 7004 – Email: v.dewit@evs.comSébastien Verlaine – Senior Brand & Corporate Communications ManagerTel: +32 4 361 5809 – Email: s.verlaine@evs.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['EVS Broadcast Equipment reports', 'share buyback program', 'update', 'gripping live sports images', 'Euronext BEL Mid indices', 'live video technology', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Sébastien Verlaine', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'new media productions', 'entire production process', 'share buyback program', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment', 'Euronext Brussels', '10 Mio€ program', 'production teams', 'Media Contacts', 'Liège', 'Trade Date', 'Average price', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'leading provider', 'entertainment shows', 'real time', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '700 team members', 'technical support', 'press release', 'Senior Brand', 'EVS reports', 'EVS solutions', 'public company', 'total number', 'update', 'Belgium', 'February', 'transactions', 'framework', 'November', 'place', 'shares', 'Market', 'XBRU', 'start', 'details', 'acquisition', 'investors', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'business', 'industry', 'commitment', 'results', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'others', 'part', 'info', 'interview', 'Tel', 'Email', 'dewit', 'Attachment', '32']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49027,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3031368/0/en/KL%C3%89PIERRE-UPGRADED-to-A-BY-S-P.html,KLÉPIERRE UPGRADED to “A−” BY S&P,PRESS RELEASE  KLÉPIERRE UPGRADEDTO “A−” BY S&P  Paris — February 24  2025  Klépierre  the European leader in shopping malls  today announced that......,PRESS RELEASEKLÉPIERRE UPGRADEDTO “A−” BY S&PParis — February 24  2025Klépierre  the European leader in shopping malls  today announced that Standard & Poor’s (S&P) upgraded the company’s credit rating to “A−” (stable outlook). The credit rating agency specified that the upgrade was a testament to the company’s “solid asset base with strong cash flow generation capabilities  prudent financial policy  and financial flexibility which have proven to be successful as the company outperformed S&P’s base case.”S&P also assumes that Klépierre will be able to pursue asset acquisitions  with a significant headroom for further debt-funded accretive investments.Fitch having confirmed its “A−” rating with a stable outlook on the senior unsecured debt  Klépierre is at the best level of credit rating in the European listed real estate universe.Stéphane Tortajada  Chief Financial Officer  and member of the Executive Board declared: “After our better-than-expected 2024 results marked by the return of property value increases  this credit rating upgrade confirms that we have opened a new chapter of growth. It is also a testament to Klépierre’s operating excellence and the effectiveness of its strategy which has financial discipline at its heart.”AGENDAApril 24  2025 First quarter 2025 trading update (before market opening) April 24  2025 Annual General MeetingINVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Paul Logerot  Group Head of IR and Financial Communications+33 (0)7 50 66 05 63 — paul.logerot@klepierre.comHugo Martins  IR Manager+33 (0)7 72 11 63 24 — hugo.martins@klepierre.comTanguy Phelippeau  IR Manager+33 (0)7 72 09 29 57 — tanguy.phelippeau@klepierre.com Hélène Salmon  Group Head of Communications+33 (0)6 43 41 97 18 – helene.salmon@klepierre.comWandrille Clermontel  Taddeo+33 (0)6 33 05 48 50 – teamklepierre@taddeo.frABOUT KLÉPIERREKlépierre is the European leader in shopping malls  combining property development and asset management skills. The Company’s portfolio is valued at €20.2 billion at December 31  2024  and comprises large shopping centers in more than 10 countries in Continental Europe which together host more than 700 millions of visitors per year. Klépierre is a French REIT (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris and is included in the CAC Next 20 and EPRA Euro Zone Indexes. It is also included in ethical indexes  such as Euronext CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5  MSCI Europe ESG Leaders  FTSE4Good  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120  and features in CDP’s “A list”. These distinctions underscore the Group’s commitment to a proactive sustainable development policy and its global leadership in the fight against climate change.For more information  please visit the newsroom on our website: www.klepierre.comThis press release is available in the “Publications section” of Klépierre’s Finance page: www.klepierre.com/en/finance/publicationsAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['KLÉPIERRE', 'S&P', 'strong cash flow generation capabilities', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS', 'European listed real estate universe', 'First quarter 2025 trading update', 'EPRA Euro Zone Indexes', 'Hélène Salmon', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders', 'proactive sustainable development policy', 'debt-funded accretive investments', 'senior unsecured debt', 'Stéphane Tortajada', 'Annual General Meeting', 'prudent financial policy', 'asset management skills', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'property value increases', 'Euronext CAC 40 ESG', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'large shopping centers', 'solid asset base', 'credit rating agency', 'KLÉPIERRE UPGRADED', 'credit rating upgrade', 'property development', 'European leader', 'Continental Europe', 'ethical indexes', 'asset acquisitions', 'base case', 'financial flexibility', 'A−” rating', 'financial discipline', 'shopping malls', 'CAC Next', 'CAC SBT', 'Euronext Paris', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'S&P', 'Standard & Poor', 'stable outlook', 'significant headroom', 'best level', 'Executive Board', 'new chapter', 'operating excellence', 'market opening', 'Wandrille Clermontel', 'French REIT', 'A list', 'global leadership', 'climate change', 'Publications section', 'Finance page', 'publications Attachment', 'Financial Communications', 'Group Head', 'IR Manager', 'Tanguy Phelippeau', 'The Company', 'Paul Logerot', 'Hugo Martins', 'February', 'testament', 'Fitch', 'member', '2024 results', 'return', 'growth', 'effectiveness', 'strategy', 'heart', 'AGENDA', 'April', 'klepierre', 'helene', 'Taddeo', 'portfolio', 'December', '10 countries', '700 millions', 'visitors', 'year', 'SIIC', 'FTSE4Good', 'features', 'CDP', 'distinctions', 'commitment', 'fight', 'information', 'newsroom', 'website', '6']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49028,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4125974.html,Accor Hosts 2025 General Manager Conference for Indonesia and Malaysia,General Managers from Indonesia and Malaysia  along with Accor’s leadership team  gathered at the General Manager Conference 2025 for Indonesia and Malaysia. Held on 17–18 February 2025 at Mövenpick Hotel Jakarta City Centre  the conference  themed “CONNECT ”…,General Managers from Indonesia and Malaysia  along with Accor’s leadership team  gathered at the General Manager Conference 2025 for Indonesia and Malaysia. Held on 17–18 February 2025 at Mövenpick Hotel Jakarta City Centre  the conference  themed “CONNECT ” served as a key platform for strategic planning  networking  idea exchange  knowledge sharing  and reinforcing the Group’s commitment to the hospitality and tourism industries  particularly in Indonesia and Malaysia.Attended by over 100 participants  the conference featured panel discussions  interactive presentations  and workshops covering a wide range of topics on the latest trends in hospitality and tourism. The event also showcased inspiring speakers  including Accor’s senior leadership  industry experts  and strategic partners.In his opening remarks  Garth Simmons  Accor’s Chief Operating Officer  Premium  Midscale & Economy Division in Asia  stated;It is an honour to welcome over 100 General Managers from Indonesia and Malaysia  along with the group’s leadership team  to the conference. The energy and collaboration witnessed here today are vital as we continue to work together to uphold our shared commitment  tackle the evolving challenges of the industry  and drive innovation for the future of hospitality and tourism  particularly in Indonesia and Malaysia.During the event  the 2024 awards were also presented to the winning hotels in the following categories:Best ATFAC (A Trust For A Child) Contributor ibis budget Jakarta Airport and ibis Styles Jakarta AirportMercure Bali LegianPullman Bandung Grand Central Best RPS (Reputation Performance Score) Indonesia – Pullman Bandung Grand CentralMalaysia – Mercure Kuala Lumpur Shaw Parade Best Performing Loyalty Indonesia – ibis Styles Bandung Grand CentralMalaysia – ibis Styles Johor Iskandar Puteri Best Heartist (Colleague) Engagement Indonesia – ibis budget Semarang and Novotel SemarangMalaysia – Mercure Selangor Selayang Best Sustainability Indonesia – Pullman Jakarta Central ParkMalaysia – Mercure Miri City Centre Best Performing Food & Beverage Indonesia – Tribe Bali Kuta BeachMalaysia – ibis Styles Sepang KLIA Best Forecast Accuracy – Indonesia and Malaysia Mercure Jakarta Pantai Indah KapukAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries  with over 5 600 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.Etienne de VilliersDirector of PR & Communications Accor AsiaAccor,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['2025 General Manager Conference', 'Accor', 'Indonesia', 'Malaysia', 'ibis Styles Johor Iskandar Puteri Best Heartist', 'ibis Styles Jakarta Airport Mercure Bali Legian', 'Mövenpick Hotel Jakarta City Centre', 'Pullman Bandung Grand Central Best RPS', 'Mercure Selangor Selayang Best Sustainability Indonesia', 'Mercure Kuala Lumpur Shaw Parade', 'Contributor ibis budget Jakarta Airport', 'ibis Styles Bandung Grand Central', 'Sepang KLIA Best Forecast Accuracy', 'Mercure Miri City Centre', 'Pullman Jakarta Central Park', 'Tribe Bali Kuta Beach', 'Jakarta Pantai Indah Kapuk', 'Best Performing Loyalty Indonesia', 'world leading hospitality group', 'ibis budget Semarang', 'Best Performing Food', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Reputation Performance Score', 'Etienne de Villiers', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'General Manager Conference', 'Best ATFAC', 'Communications Accor Asia', '45 hotel brands', 'environmental sustainability', 'Novotel Semarang', 'General Managers', 'leadership team', 'key platform', 'strategic planning', 'idea exchange', 'knowledge sharing', 'panel discussions', 'interactive presentations', 'wide range', 'latest trends', 'inspiring speakers', 'senior leadership', 'strategic partners', 'opening remarks', 'Garth Simmons', 'evolving challenges', 'winning hotels', 'following categories', 'A Trust', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'The Group', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'community engagement', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'Engagement Indonesia', 'Beverage Indonesia', 'tourism industries', 'Economy Division', 'responsible tourism', 'Accor SA', 'accor.com', 'industry experts', '10,000 food', 'Malaysia', '17–18 February', 'CONNECT', 'networking', 'commitment', '100 participants', 'workshops', 'topics', 'event', 'Premium', 'Midscale', 'honour', 'energy', 'collaboration', 'innovation', 'future', '2024 awards', 'Child', 'Colleague', 'experiences', '110 countries', '5,600 properties', 'luxury', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok', 'Director']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,hospitalitynet.org
49029,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3030858/0/en/Cellectis-Presents-Smart-CAR-T-Strategy-to-Enhance-Efficacy-Against-Solid-Tumors-at-AACR-IO-2025.html,Cellectis Presents ‘Smart CAR T’ Strategy to Enhance Efficacy Against Solid Tumors at AACR-IO 2025,NEW YORK  Feb. 24  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  showcases an innov…,NEW YORK  Feb. 24  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  showcases an innovative strategy for T cell engineering that leverages the pro-inflammatory properties of interleukin 2 (IL-2) with the objective to enhance CAR T cell efficacy against solid tumors  at the American Association for Cancer Research – Immuno-oncology (AACR-IO)  taking place on February 23-26  2025 in Los Angeles  CA.The data are presented in a poster:CAR induced expression of synthetically engineered FAP-IL2v immunocytokine boosts persistent anti-tumor activity of TALEN-edited allogeneic CAR T-cells without associated IL-2 toxicityPresenter: Shipra Das  Ph.D.  Associate Director Immuno-Oncology  at Cellectis.Date/Time: February 25  2025  1:45-4:45 p.m. PTSession: Poster Session BCAR T-cell therapies have transformed the treatment landscape for specific hematological malignancies and have shown promising preliminary efficacy in solid tumors.Recent studies suggest a link between the in vivo expansion and persistence of CAR-T cells and enhanced therapeutic outcomes in patients. The co-administration of interleukin-2 (IL-2) has been demonstrated to improve CAR T-cell engraftment  expansion  and functionality in preclinical models but poses toxicity risks at high doses.Using Cellectis’ TALEN® gene editing technology  we developed ‘Smart CAR T cells’ with the ability to express a CAR-inducible IL-2 variant (IL-2v) immunocytokine  potentiated by tumor-specific cues for localized activity within the solid tumor microenvironment (TME).CAR-inducible expression of this recombinant FAP scFv -IL2v boosts anti-tumor activity of engineered CAR T-cells both in vitro and in vivo. Notably  the enhancement of CAR T-cell activity mediated by IL-2v relies on its anchoring to the FAP protein  which is uniquely present in the TME  thus minimizing the systemic toxicity typically associated with circulating free IL-2 cytokines.This proposed cellular engineering strategy would represent an effective and safe method to substantially improve CAR T cell expansion and anti-tumor activity  while confining IL-2 activity to the tumor microenvironment.The poster is published on Cellectis’ website.About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. The company utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to develop gene therapies in other therapeutic indications. With its in-house manufacturing capabilities  Cellectis is one of the few end-to-end gene editing companies that controls the cell and gene therapy value chain from start to finish.Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York and Raleigh  NC. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS). To find out more  visit www.cellectis.com and follow Cellectis on LinkedIn and X.TALEN® is a registered trademark owned by Cellectis.Cautionary StatementThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “with the objective to ” and “would ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about the potential of the Company’s research and development programs. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with market conditions  and our ability to satisfy the conditions precedent under the Finance Contract. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F as amended and in our annual financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2023 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contacts:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  + 33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comPatricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93Investor Relations contact:Arthur Stril  Chief Financial Officer & Chief Business Officer  investors@cellectis.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Smart CAR T’ Strategy', 'Efficacy Against', 'Solid Tumors', 'Cellectis', 'AACR-IO', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Cellectis’ TALEN® gene editing technology', 'gene therapy value chain', 'many other important factors', 'end gene editing companies', 'Smart CAR T cells', 'CAR T cell efficacy', 'TALEN-edited allogeneic CAR T-cells', 'CAR T cell expansion', 'CAR T immunotherapies', 'applicable securities laws', 'Securities Exchange Commission', 'promising preliminary efficacy', 'T cell engineering', 'CAR T-cell engraftment', 'specific hematological malignancies', 'house manufacturing capabilities', 'recombinant FAP scFv', 'free IL-2 cytokines', 'cellular engineering strategy', 'other therapeutic indications', 'CAR T-cell activity', 'CAR T-cell therapies', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'Associate Director Immuno-Oncology', 'CAR-inducible IL-2 variant', 'annual financial report', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'persistent anti-tumor activity', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'solid tumor microenvironment', 'Poster Session B', 'gene therapies', 'CAR induced', 'CAR-T cells', 'allogeneic approach', 'other known', 'IL-2 activity', 'Annual Report', 'life-saving cell', 'innovative strategy', 'IL-2 toxicity', 'PT Session', 'therapeutic outcomes', 'FAP protein', 'solid tumors', 'localized activity', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'pro-inflammatory properties', 'American Association', 'Los Angeles', 'FAP-IL2v immunocytokine', 'Shipra Das', 'Ph.D.', 'treatment landscape', 'Recent studies', 'preclinical models', 'toxicity risks', 'high doses', 'tumor-specific cues', 'CAR-inducible expression', 'systemic toxicity', 'safe method', 'registered trademark', 'Cautionary Statement', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'development programs', 'numerous risks', 'market conditions', 'Finance Contract', 'Form 20-F', 'subsequent filings', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'Forward-looking statements', 'vivo expansion', 'management report', 'Cancer Research', 'IL-2v) immunocytokine', 'cancer patients', 'sec.gov', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'Cellectis’ website', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'interleukin 2', 'objective', 'AACR-IO', 'place', 'February', 'data', 'associated', 'Presenter', 'Date/Time', 'link', 'persistence', 'administration', 'interleukin-2', 'functionality', 'ability', 'vitro', 'enhancement', 'anchoring', 'effective', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', 'start', 'finish', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'meaning', 'words', 'assumptions', 'information', 'potential', 'light', 'uncertainties', 'respect', 'precedent', 'year', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'reasons']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49030,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3031354/0/en/Melexis-update-on-the-share-buy-back-program.html,Melexis: update on the share buy-back program,Press release - Regulated Information    Ieper  Belgium – 24 February 2025  17.45 hrs CET  Further to the initiation of the share buy-back program......,Press release - Regulated InformationIeper  Belgium – 24 February 2025  17.45 hrs CETFurther to the initiation of the share buy-back program announced on 10 December 2024  Melexis reports the purchase of 32 500 Melexis shares on Euronext Brussels in the period from 17 to 21 February 2025.Trade date Total shares purchased Average price (€) Min price (€) Max price (€) Buyback amount (€) 17/2/2025 7 000 57.64 57.10 58.35 403 479 18/2/2025 6 500 57.98 57.20 58.60 376 878 19/2/2025 6 000 59.60 58.70 60.25 357 581 20/2/2025 6 000 61.48 59.05 62.00 368 893 21/2/2025 7 000 61.35 60.90 62.90 429 435 TOTAL 32 500 59.58 57.10 62.90 1 936 267As a result of purchases made since the launch of the share buy-back program for up to 850 000 shares  Melexis now holds 164 200 treasury shares.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'Melexis', 'update', 'share buy-back program', 'Press release', 'Regulated Information', '17.45 hrs CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Trade date', 'Average price', 'Min price', 'Max price', 'Buyback amount', 'Total shares', '164,200 treasury shares', '32,500 Melexis shares', '850,000 shares', 'Ieper', 'Belgium', '24 February', 'initiation', '10 December', 'purchase', 'period', '21 February', 'result', 'launch']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49031,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3031355/0/en/GTT-strengthens-its-leadership-team-with-the-creation-of-a-Group-Transformation-division-and-the-appointment-of-a-new-Group-Innovation-VP.html,GTT strengthens its leadership team with the creation of a Group Transformation division and the appointment of a new Group Innovation VP,GTT strengthens its leadership team with the creation of a Group Transformation division and the appointment of a new Group Innovation VP  Paris  24......,GTT strengthens its leadership team with the creation of a Group Transformation division and the appointment of a new Group Innovation VPParis  24 February 2025 – GTT announces the creation of a Group Transformation division  entrusted to Jean-Baptiste Boutillier  as well as the appointment of Thierry Valot as Group Innovation Vice-President (VP). Both are members of GTT’s Executive Committee.As Group Transformation VP  Jean-Baptiste Boutillier will be responsible for leading the Group’s key transformation projects  optimising processes and working methods  and enhancing cross-functional collaboration between departments.As Group Innovation VP  Thierry Valot will ensure that technological developments align with market needs and that GTT stays at the cutting edge of technological innovation  thereby contributing to the Group’s growth.Philippe Berterottière  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GTT  stated: “With the creation of a Transformation division and the appointment of Thierry Valot as Group Innovation VP  we are further strengthening our organisation to support GTT’s evolution. These initiatives reflect our commitment to combining transformation and innovation to anticipate the challenges of our industry and reinforce our technological leadership. with their expertise and complementarity skills  Jean-Baptiste Boutillier and Thierry Valot will actively contribute to implementing our strategy and accelerating the Group’s development.”***BiographiesJean-Baptiste Boutillier joined GTT in January 2021 as Innovation VP  after 17 years of experience in maritime transport and shipbuilding. As Group Innovation VP  he notably led the development of new LNG carrier concepts and supply chain strategies to support the expansion of LNG carrier construction capacity. An engineer by training (École Polytechnique  ENSTA)  he began his career at CMA CGM  where he oversaw the Newbuilds  R&D  and Retrofit teams at CMA Ships. He supervised the construction and delivery of over 130 container ships  including Dual-Fuel vessels equipped with GTT LNG tanks.Thierry Valot joins GTT with more than 25 years of experience in management and technological innovation. A graduate of École des Ponts ParisTech  he spent most of his career at the Fives Group  where he held several leadership positions. He notably led Fives’ glass business before being responsible for innovation and the Group’s Digital division between 2019 and 2025.About GTTGTT is a technology and engineering group with expertise in the design and development of cryogenic membrane containment systems for use in the transport and storage of liquefied gases. Over the past 60 years  the GTT Group has designed and developed  to the highest standards of excellence  some of the most innovative technologies used in LNG carriers  floating terminals  onshore storage tanks and multi-gas carriers. As part of its commitment to building a sustainable world  GTT develops new solutions designed to support ship-owners and energy providers in their journey towards a decarbonised future. As such  the Group offers systems designed to enable commercial vessels to use LNG as fuel  develops cutting-edge digital solutions to enhance vessels’ economic and environmental performance  and actively pursues innovation in the field of low-carbon solutions. Through its subsidiary  Elogen  which designs and manufactures proton exchange membrane (PEM) electrolysers  GTT is also actively involved in the green hydrogen sector.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in the CAC Next 20  SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indices.Investor Relations Contact: information-financiere@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 20 87Press Contact: press@gtt.fr / +33 6 61 25 12 87For more information  visit www.gtt.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['new Group Innovation VP', 'Group Transformation division', 'leadership team', 'GTT', 'creation', 'appointment', 'MSCI Small Cap indices', 'École des Ponts ParisTech', 'new LNG carrier concepts', 'cryogenic membrane containment systems', 'LNG carrier construction capacity', 'new Group Innovation VP', 'proton exchange membrane', 'Philippe Berterottière', 'supply chain strategies', 'green hydrogen sector', 'key transformation projects', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Fives’ glass business', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'several leadership positions', 'onshore storage tanks', 'cutting-edge digital solutions', 'Group Innovation Vice-President', 'Group Transformation VP', 'Group Transformation division', 'GTT LNG tanks', 'new solutions', 'École Polytechnique', 'Digital division', 'LNG carriers', 'Fives Group', 'Executive Committee', 'Press Contact', 'leadership team', 'technological leadership', 'low-carbon solutions', 'technological innovation', 'engineering group', 'Jean-Baptiste Boutillier', 'Thierry Valot', 'working methods', 'cross-functional collaboration', 'technological developments', 'market needs', 'cutting edge', 'complementarity skills', 'CMA CGM', 'R&D', 'Retrofit teams', 'CMA Ships', '130 container ships', 'Dual-Fuel vessels', 'liquefied gases', 'highest standards', 'innovative technologies', 'floating terminals', 'multi-gas carriers', 'sustainable world', 'energy providers', 'decarbonised future', 'commercial vessels', 'vessels’ economic', 'environmental performance', 'PEM) electrolysers', 'Compartment A', 'CAC Next', 'Stoxx Europe', 'Euronext Paris', 'maritime transport', 'GTT Group', 'past 60 years', 'fr Attachment', '17 years', '25 years', 'creation', 'appointment', '24 February', 'members', 'processes', 'departments', 'growth', 'Chairman', 'organisation', 'evolution', 'initiatives', 'commitment', 'challenges', 'industry', 'expertise', 'strategy', 'Biographies', 'January', 'experience', 'shipbuilding', 'expansion', 'training', 'ENSTA', 'career', 'Newbuilds', 'delivery', 'management', 'graduate', 'technology', 'design', 'use', 'excellence', 'ship-owners', 'journey', 'field', 'subsidiary', 'Elogen', 'ISIN', 'SBF', 'financiere', 'information']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49032,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3031366/0/en/ARAMIS-GROUP-Declaration-of-transactions-on-own-shares-conducted-from-Feb-17-to-Feb-21-2025.html,ARAMIS GROUP - Declaration of transactions on own shares conducted from Feb 17 to Feb 21  2025,PRESS RELEASE    Arcueil  February 24  2025     Declaration of transactions on own shares conducted from February 17 to February 21  2025     Within...,PRESS RELEASEArcueil  February 24  2025Declaration of transactions on own sharesconducted from February 17 to February 21  2025Within the framework of the authorizations granted by the General Assembly on February 4  2025  to operate on its shares and in accordance with the regulations related to share buybacks  Aramis Group hereby declares the following purchases of own shares (FR0014003U94) made from February 17 to February 21  2025 (excluding the liquidity contract):Name of the issuer Issuer identifier code Transaction date Financial instrument identifier code Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of shares Market Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42 2025-02-18 FR0014003U94 1 500 7.7800 XPAR TOTAL 1 500 7.7800Detailed information regarding these transactions is available on the Aramis Group website at the following address: https://aramis.group/investors/regulated-information/***About Aramis Group – www.aramis.groupAramis Group is the European leader for B2C online used car sales and operates in six countries. A fast-growing group  an e-commerce expert and a vehicle refurbishing pioneer  Aramis Group takes action each day for more sustainable mobility with an offering that is part of the circular economy. Founded in 2001  it has been revolutionizing its market for over 20 years  focused on ensuring the satisfaction of its customers and capitalizing on digital technology and employee engagement to create value for all its stakeholders. With annual revenues of more than €2 billion  Aramis Group sells more than 110 000 vehicles B2C and welcomes close to 70 million visitors across all its digital platforms each year. The Group employs more than 2 400 people and has eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers throughout Europe. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94).Investor contact Press contactinvestor@aramis.group BrunswickHugues BoëtonTristan Roquet Montegonaramisgroup@brunswickgroup.com+33 (0)6 79 99 27 15Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['ARAMIS GROUP', 'Declaration', 'transactions', 'shares', 'Feb', 'issuer Issuer identifier code Transaction date', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'B2C online used car sales', 'Financial instrument identifier code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon aramisgroup', 'eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers', 'Investor contact Press contact', 'Market Aramis Group 9695002Q984W0T41WB42', 'Total daily volume', 'vehicle refurbishing pioneer', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Aramis Group website', '110,000 vehicles B2C', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'aramis.group', 'growing group', 'The Group', 'group Brunswick', 'General Assembly', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'liquidity contract', 'Detailed information', 'following address', 'European leader', 'six countries', 'e-commerce expert', 'sustainable mobility', 'circular economy', 'digital technology', 'employee engagement', 'annual revenues', '70 million visitors', 'digital platforms', 'Arcueil', 'February', 'Declaration', 'transactions', 'shares', 'framework', 'authorizations', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Name', 'number', 'investors', 'regulated-information', 'offering', '20 years', 'satisfaction', 'customers', 'value', 'stakeholders', '2,400 people', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'brunswickgroup', 'Attachment']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49033,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3031434/0/en/Banijay-Group-weekly-share-transactions.html,Banijay Group: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 24 February 2025  Share Transactions Disclosure  Banijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions...,Press ReleaseParis – 24 February 2025Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 17 February to 21 February 2025 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 23 May 2024.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2025-02-17 BUY 3 7.950000 23.85 XAMS 2025-02-17 SELL 213 8.000000 1 704.00 XAMS 2025-02-18 SELL 73 8.000000 584.00 XAMS 2025-02-19 BUY 25 7.950000 198.75 XAMS 2025-02-20 BUY 23 7.950000 182.85 XAMS 2025-02-20 SELL 7 8.000000 56.00 XAMS 2025-02-21 BUY 350 7.948714 2 782.05 XAMS 2025-02-21 SELL 76 7.950000 604.20 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaFY 2024 results: 6 March 2025Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ:NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).1 Previously known as FL Entertainment N.V. until 24 May 2024Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'Banijay Group', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'global entertainment leader', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'following transactions', 'live experiences', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'FY 2024 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Banijay Gaming', 'BNJ.AS', 'Paris', '24 February', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '17 February', '21 February', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '23 May', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '6 March', 'Phone', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '24 May', 'Attachment']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49034,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3031408/0/en/Orange-Reduction-of-the-Orange-liquidity-contract-with-Rothschild-Martin-Maurel.html,Orange: Reduction of the Orange liquidity contract with Rothschild Martin Maurel,Regulated informationParis  24 February 2025  Reduction of the Orange liquidity contract with Rothschild Martin Maurel  On February 21st  2025  in......,"Regulated informationParis  24 February 2025Reduction of the Orange liquidity contract with Rothschild Martin MaurelOn February 21st  2025  in accordance with article 4.6 of AMF decision n° 2021-01 dated June 22nd  2021  Orange reduced the cash amount allocated to the liquidity contract entered into with Rothschild Martin Maurel by 5 million euros in order to bring the total amount allocated to this contract down below the 50 million euros threshold referred to in the AMF decision for “very liquid shares” (as defined in paragraph 3.a of article 4 of the decision).Following this operation  on February 21st  2025  the following assets appeared on the liquidity account:1 000 shares€ 45 116 614 in cashIt is reminded that as of December 31st  2024  the following assets appeared on the liquidity account:0 share€ 50 026 203About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 40.3 billion euros in 2024 and 127 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2024  including 71 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 291 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2024  including 253 million mobile customers and 22 million fixed broadband customers. These figures account for the deconsolidation of certain activities in Spain following the creation of MASORANGE. The Group is present in 26 countries (including non-consolidated countries).Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on X: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contact: Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Rothschild Martin Maurel', 'Orange liquidity contract', 'Reduction', '22 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Rothschild Martin Maurel', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'total customer base', '50 million euros threshold', 'new business model', '253 million mobile customers', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', 'Orange liquidity contract', '291 million customers', '5 million euros', 'telecommunication services', 'total amount', 'leading provider', '40.3 billion euros', 'liquidity account', 'following assets', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'symbol ORA', 'service names', 'Press contact', 'AMF decision', 'The Group', 'Orange Business', 'Regulated information', 'February 21st', 'cash amount', 'liquid shares', 'consolidated countries', 'Euronext Paris', 'December 31st', 'Tom Wright', '24 February', '1,000 shares', '26 countries', '31 December', 'Reduction', 'accordance', 'article', 'order', 'paragraph', 'operation', 'world', 'revenues', '127,000 employees', '71,000 employees', 'France', 'figures', 'deconsolidation', 'activities', 'Spain', 'creation', 'MASORANGE', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'internet', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment', '2024']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49035,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3031496/0/en/Galapagos-to-Present-at-Upcoming-Investor-Conferences.html,Galapagos to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences,Mechelen  Belgium; February 24  2025  22:01 CET – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG)  a global biotechnology company dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation  today announced that its management will present …,Mechelen  Belgium; February 24  2025  22:01 CET – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG)  a global biotechnology company dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation  today announced that its management will present at the following investor conferences in March:TD Cowen 45th Annual Healthcare ConferenceDate: Tuesday  March 4  2025Location: Boston  MACorporate Presentation: 1:50 - 2:20 PM ET / 7:50 - 8:20 PM CETLive Webcast Link: HereBarclays 27th Annual Global Healthcare ConferenceDate: Wednesday  March 12  2025Location: Miami  FLCorporate Presentation: 11:00 - 11:25 AM ET / 5:00 - 5:25 PM CETLive Webcast Link: HereA live webcast of the presentations can also be accessed on the Investors page of the Company’s website at www.glpg.com/investors. Replays of the webcasts will be available following the completion of the event and will be archived for up to 90 days.About GalapagosWe are a biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the U.S. dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class medicines. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees  and shareholders. Our goal is not just to meet current medical needs but to anticipate and shape the future of healthcare  ensuring that our innovations reach those who need them most. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X.For further information  please contact:Media inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Sandra Cauwenberghs+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Galapagos expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this document  unless specifically required by law or regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.38,0.38,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'Galapagos', 'TD Cowen 45th Annual Healthcare Conference Date', 'Barclays 27th Annual Global Healthcare Conference Date', 'decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform', 'high unmet medical needs', 'current medical needs', 'global biotechnology company', 'compelling science, technology', 'Live Webcast Link', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'life-changing science', 'investor conferences', 'Corporate Presentation', 'U.S.', 'collaborative approaches', 'deep pipeline', 'class medicines', 'status quo', 'Media inquiries', 'Srikant Ramaswami', 'Marieke Vermeersch', 'Investor inquiries', 'Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'press release', 'patient outcomes', 'Investors page', 'additional information', '8:20 PM CET', '5:25 PM CET', 'Galapagos NV', 'future results', '01 CET', '2:20 PM', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'February', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'innovation', 'management', 'March', 'Tuesday', 'Location', 'Boston', 'Wednesday', 'Miami', 'FL', '11:25 AM', 'presentations', 'website', 'Replays', 'webcasts', 'completion', 'event', '90 days', 'operations', 'Europe', 'years', 'quality', 'capabilities', 'patients', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'goal', 'LinkedIn', 'guarantees', 'publication', 'document', 'obligation', 'law', 'regulation', 'Attachment', '22', '7:50', '11:00', '5:00', '32']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49036,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3031447/0/en/Press-Release-Related-to-a-Proposed-Public-Buy-Out-Offer-Followed-by-a-Squeeze-Out-Concerning-Tarkett-s-Shares.html,Press Release Related to a Proposed Public Buy-Out Offer Followed by a Squeeze-Out Concerning Tarkett’s Shares,This press release does not constitute an offer to purchase securities. The offer described hereafter can only be opened once it has been declared compliant by the Financial Markets Authority.,This press release does not constitute an offer to purchase securities. The offer described hereafter can only be opened once it has been declared compliant by the Financial Markets Authority.Translation for information purposes only – In case of discrepancy between the French and English version  the French version shall prevailPRESS RELEASE RELATED TO A PROPOSED PUBLIC BUY-OUT OFFER FOLLOWED BY A SQUEEZE-OUT CONCERNING THE COMPANY’S SHARESTARKETTINITIATED BYTARKETT PARTICIPATIONPRESENTED BYROTHSCHILD MARTIN MAURELPRESENTING BANKANDPORTZAMPARC BNP PARIBAS GROUP - CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANK - SOCIETE GENERALE - CREDIT AGRICOLE MIDCAP ADVISORSPRESENTING AND GUARANTEEING BANKSOFFER PRICE16 euros per Tarkett ordinary shareDURATION OF THE PUBLIC BUY-OUT OFFER10 trading daysThe timetable for the offer will be determined by the French Financial Markets Authority (the “AMF”) in accordance with its general regulation.This press release was prepared by Tarkett Participation and issued in accordance with the provisions of Article 231-16 of the AMF’s general regulation.This offer and the draft offer document remain subject to review by the AMF.IMPORTANT DISCLOSURESubject to a clearance decision from the AMF  at the end of the public buy-out offer to which the draft offer document relates  the squeeze-out procedure described in Article L. 433-4 II of the French Monetary and Financial Code will be implemented. Subject to the exceptions set out in the draft offer document  the Tarkett shares concerned by the public buy-out offer that have not been tendered to the offer will be transferred to Tarkett Participation in return for compensation in cash equal to the offer price  net of all costs.The draft offer document should be read in conjunction with the other documents published in relation to the draft offer. In particular  in accordance with Article 231-28 of the AMF’s general regulation  a description of the legal  financial and accounting information relating to Tarkett Participation will be provided to the public no later than the day before the public buy-out offer opens. A press release will be published to inform the public about how these documents may be obtained.The draft offer document prepared by Tarkett Participation (the “Draft Offer Document”) is available on the Tarkett website (www.tarkett-group.com) and the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and can be obtained free of charge on request from:Tarkett ParticipationTour Initiale - 1  Terrasse Bellini92919 Paris La Défense CedexRothschild & Co Martin Maurel29 Avenue de Messine75008 ParisPortzamparc BNP Paribas1 Boulevard Haussmann75009 ParisSociété GénéraleGLBA/IBD/ECM/SEG75886 Paris Cedex 18Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank12  place des Etats-UnisCS 7005292547 Montrouge Cedex1. Presentation of the Offer1.1. Presentation of the Offer and identity of the OfferorIn accordance with Title III of Book II  and more specifically Articles 236-3 and 237-1 et seq. of the AMF’s general regulation  Tarkett Participation  a société par actions simplifiée with its registered office at Tour Initiale - 1  Terrasse Bellini  92919 Paris La Défense Cedex  registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under number 898 347 877 (the “Offeror”)1 makes an irrevocable offer to the shareholders of Tarkett  a société anonyme with a supervisory board and management board  whose registered office is located at Tour Initiale - 1  Terrasse Bellini  92919 Paris La Défense Cedex  registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under number 352 849 327  (“Tarkett” or the “Company”  and together with its direct or indirect subsidiaries  the “Group”) to buy in cash all of the Company’s shares held by them (the “Shares”) within the framework of a Public Buy-out Offer (the “Public Buy-out Offer”)  which will be immediately followed by a squeeze-out (the “Squeeze-Out” and  with the Public Buy-out Offer  the “Offer”) at a price of €16 per share (the “Offer Price”) payable entirely in cash  subject to the conditions described below.The Shares are admitted for trading on compartment B of the Euronext Paris regulated market (“Euronext Paris”) under Code ISIN FR0004188670 (ticker: TKTT).As of the date of the Draft Offer Document  the Offeror holds:directly: 59 207 028 shares and 117 187 257 voting rights in the Company representing 90.32% of the share capital and 94.66% of theoretical voting rights of the Company; andindirectly: 18 559 shares held in treasury by Tarkett; 4 000 Shares held by members of the Deconinck family  acting in concert with the Offeror; and 27 768 Free Shares Under Retention (as defined in Section 2.4.1 and covered by the Liquidity Mechanism with Mr Fabrice Barthélemy) held by Mr Fabrice Barthélemy and 4 441 Free Shares Under Retention (as defined in Section 2.4.1 and covered by the Liquidity Mechanism with Mr Raphael Bauer) held by Mr Raphael Bauer.It is specified that the Offer does not include:the 18 559 shares held in treasury by Tarkett; andthe 32 209 Free Shares Under Retention (these Shares being legally and technically unavailable and cannot be tendered in the Offer)  (together  the “Excluded Shares”).In total  the Offeror directly and indirectly holds  alone and in concert  59 261 796 Shares representing  as of the date of the Draft Offer Document  90.41% of the share capital and 94.72% of the theoretical voting rights of the Company2.The Public Buy-out Offer concerns all Shares not held directly or indirectly by the Offeror that are already in issue (except Excluded Shares) representing  to the Offeror’s knowledge  a maximum of 6 292 485 Shares3  or 9.60% of the share capital and 5.29% of theoretical voting rights of Tarkett as of the date of this Draft Offer Document  calculated in accordance with Article 233-11 of the AMF’s general regulation.The duration of the Public Buy-out Offer will be 10 trading days  in accordance with Article 236-7 of the AMF’s general regulation.Subject to a clearance decision from the AMF  at the end of the Public Buy-out Offer  the Squeeze-Out described in Article L. 433-4  II of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 237-1 et seq. of the AMF’s general regulations will be implemented. The Shares concerned that are not tendered to the Public Buy-out Offer will be transferred to the Offeror in return for payment in cash equal to the Offer Price of €16 per Share  net of all costs.To the Offeror’s knowledge  there are no equity securities or any financial instruments issued by the Company or rights granted by the Company that could give access  either immediately or in the future  to the Company’s share capital or voting rights other than the Shares. There are no current stock option plans or free share award plans within the Company that could give access  either immediately or in the future  to the Company’s share capital or voting rights.In accordance with Article 231-13 of the AMF’s general regulation  Rothschild & Co Martin Maurel  Portzamparc BNP Paribas  Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (« CACIB ») and Société Générale (the “Presenting Banks”) filed the draft Offer and the Draft Offer Document with the AMF on 24 February 2025 on behalf of the Offeror.It is specified that only Portzamparc BNP Paribas  CACIB and Société Générale guarantee  in accordance with Article 231-13 of the AMF’s general regulation  the content and irrevocable nature of the undertakings made by the Offeror in connection with the Offer.1.2. Background and reasons for the Offer1.2.1. Background of the OfferTarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative flooring and sports surface solutions. With its experienced staff and sales in more than 100 countries  the Group has gained in-depth knowledge and an excellent understanding of customers’ cultures  tastes and requirements  regulations and customs regarding floor coverings in each country.In the year ended 31 December 2024  Tarkett generated consolidated revenue of €3 331.9 million.The Group was formed through the 1997 combination between Société française Sommer AllibertS.A.  listed in Paris  and Tarkett AG  listed in Frankfurt. Tarkett’s shares were admitted to trading on the Paris stock exchange in 2013.On 26 April 2021  the Offeror filed a draft simplified public tender offer with the AMF for all Tarkett shares not held by the Offeror (the “Previous Offer”).The Previous Offer  which was cleared by the AMF on 8 June 2021  was opened on 10 June 2021 and closed on 9 July 2021.After the Previous Offer  as announced in a press release dated 15 July 2021  the Offeror directly held 56 300 463 shares  representing  as of this date  85.89% of the share capital and 84.98% of the voting rights of Tarkett  and in total 56 548 018 shares representing 86.27% of the share capital and 85.36% of the voting rights of Tarkett  including the 247 555 shares held in treasury by Tarkett and therefore indirectly held by the Offeror.As a result of various acquisitions on the market and off-market following the close of the Previous Offer  Tarkett announced in a press release dated 28 October 2021 that the Offeror directly and indirectly held 90.41% of the Company’s share capital and that Tarkett’s minority shareholders now held less than 10% of the share capital and voting rights.For the purposes of simplification and organisational efficiency  the Offeror decided to explore the possibility of delisting Tarkett in order to allow the Company to implement its strategy in a calmer environment.As declared on 20 February 2025 in a joint press release from the Company and the Offeror  the draft Offer was welcomed by the Company’s Supervisory Board  which set up an ad hoc committee consisting mainly of independent members  in charge of overseeing the work done by the independent appraiser and making recommendations to the Company’s Supervisory Board regarding the Offer. In the context of the preparation of the draft Offer  and on the recommendation of the ad hoc committee  the Supervisory Board appointed Finexsi – Expert & Conseil Financier  represented by Mr Olivier Peronnet and Mr Olivier Courau  as independent appraiser with the task of preparing a report on the financial terms of the Offer and the possible Squeeze-Out in accordance with Article 261-1(I)(1)  (2) and (4) and Article 261-1(II) of the AMF’s general regulation (the “Independent Appraiser”).1.2.2. Presentation of the OfferorThe Offeror is a simplified joint-stock corporation incorporated under French law  created by SID on 16 April 2021 for the purposes of the Previous Offer.As of the date of this Draft Offer Document  the Offeror’s share capital and voting rights are held as follows:Shareholder Number of shares Number of theoretical voting rights % of share capital % of voting rights SID 381 188 474 381 188 474 72.74% 72.74% Investor 134 667 415 134 667 415 25.70% 25.70% Management 7 287 766 7 287 766 1.39% 1.39% Treasury 902 737 902 737 0.17% 0.17% Total 524 046 392 524 046 392 100% 100%1.2.3. Ownership of the Company’s share capital and voting rightsTo the Offeror’s knowledge  as of the Draft Offer Document  the Company’s share capital totals €327 751 405  divided into 65 550 281 shares with par value of €5 each.The table below shows  to the Offeror’s knowledge  the ownership of Tarkett’s share capital and theoretical voting rights as of the date of the Draft Offer Document:Shareholder Number of shares Number of theoretical voting rights % of share capital % of voting rights Offeror 59 207 028 117 187 257 90.32% 94.66% Other shareholders 6 324 694 6 593 198 9.65% 5.33% Treasury 18 559 18 559 0.03% 0.01% Total 65 550 281 123 799 014 100% 100%1.2.4. Acquisitions of Shares in the last 12 monthsThe Offeror did not acquire any shares in Tarkett in the 12 months before the draft Offer was filed.1.2.5. Reasons for the OfferAs the Offeror holds more than 90% of the share capital and voting rights of Tarkett  pursuant to Articles 236-3 and 237-1 et seq. of the AMF’s general regulation  it has filed with the AMF the draft Public Buy-out Offer  which will be immediately followed by a Squeeze-Out  in order to acquire all of the shares in Tarkett with the exception of Excluded Shares not covered by the Public Buy-out Offer and delist the Company’s shares.The Offer is for the purpose of simplification and organisational efficiency. The Offeror believes that delisting the Company’s shares will simplify its operation and remove the regulatory and legislative constraints (including financial communications) and the costs associated with its listing on Euronext Paris.Furthermore  the listing is of limited use to the Company. Recent acquisitions have shown the Company to be capable of financing its development without turning to the capital markets. In addition  maintaining the listing no longer seems justified given the Company’s current shareholding structure and the shares’ low trading volume.The Company’s minority shareholders  which represent 9.65% of the Company’s share capital  will therefore receive immediate payment in cash for all their shares  on the basis of the Offer Price  while the shares currently have limited liquidity.Rothschild & Co Martin Maurel  Portzamparc BNP Paribas  Crédit Agricole Midcap Advisors (a wholly-owned subsidiary of CACIB) and Société Générale have performed a valuation of Tarkett shares  a summary of which is reproduced in Section 3 below.Furthermore  the fairness of the financial terms of the Offer will be the object of a fairness opinion by the Independent Appraiser.1.3. Intentions of the Offeror over the next 12 months1.3.1. Industrial  business and financial strategy and future activityThe Offeror  with the help of the Company’s current management team  intends to pursue the main strategies implemented by the Company and to continue to develop the Company.1.3.2. Intentions regarding employmentThe Offer forms part of a plan in which the Company’s business activities and development are to continue. As a result  it should not result in any particular impact on the Company’s workforce  wage policy or human resource management policy.1.3.3. Intentions of the Offeror regarding the composition of the Company’s corporate bodies and managementAfter the Squeeze-Out is implemented following the Public Buy-out Offer  it is planned that the Company will be turned into a simplified joint-stock corporation for the purpose of simplification.1.3.4. Dividend distribution policyThe Company did not pay any dividends in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2023  2022 and 2021.After the Offer  the Company’s dividend policy and any changes to this policy will continue to be determined by its corporate bodies in accordance with the law and the Company’s articles of association  and on the basis of the Company’s ability to make distributions  financial position and funding needs.1.3.5. SynergiesThe Offeror is a holding company that was incorporated on 16 April 2021 and its purpose is to own an equity stake in and manage the Company. As a result  the Offeror does not anticipate any cost or revenue synergies with the Company  other than savings resulting from delisting the Company.1.3.6. Intentions regarding merging or integrationThere are no plans for the Offeror to merge with the Company.1.3.7. Advantages for the Company and the shareholdersThe Offeror is offering the Company’s shareholders who tender their Shares to the Offer the opportunity to obtain immediate liquidity for all of their interest at an attractive price.The Offer Price represents a premium of 32 3% and 37 5% to the daily volume-weighted average closing price in the 20 and 60 stock exchange trading sessions preceding the Offer announcement respectively  and a 18 1% premium to the closing price preceding the Offer announcement.Information for assessing the Offer Price is presented in Section 3 of the Draft Offer Document.1.3.8. Squeeze-outAs the conditions set out in Article L. 433-4 II of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Articles 237-1 et seq. of the AMF’s general regulation have already been met  the Public Buy-out Offer will be followed immediately by a Squeeze-Out concerning all Shares not tendered to the Public Buy-out Offer  in return for compensation equal to the Offer Price of €16 per share  net of all costs.It is specified that this procedure will result in the delisting of Tarkett shares from compartment B of Euronext Paris on the day the Squeeze-Out becomes effective.1.4. Agreements that may materially affect the assessment of the Offer or its outcomeTo the Offeror’s knowledge  no agreements that may materially affect the assessment of the Offer or its outcome were entered into apart from the liquidity mechanism described in Section 1.4.1 of the Draft Offer Document (the “Liquidity Mechanism”).As a reminder  the following agreements entered into within the framework of the Previous Offer remain in force:the shareholders’ agreement formed between SID and the Investor on 23 April 2021  as described in Section 1.4.2 of the Draft Offer Document; andthe investment and performance share allotment plan implemented after the Previous Offer by SID and the Investor involving the Offeror for certain executives and senior managers of the Company  as described in Section 1.4.2 of the Draft Offer Document (the “Plan”).2. Details of the Offer2.1. Arrangements of the OfferIn accordance with Articles 231-13  236-3 and 237-1 of the AMF’s general regulation  the Presenting Banks  acting on behalf of the Offeror as presenting institutions  filed the draft Offer with the AMF on 24 February 2025 in the form of a Public Buy-out Offer followed by a Squeeze-Out concerning the Shares in Tarkett not held by the Offeror  as well as the Draft Offer Document.Portzamparc BNP Paribas  CACIB and Société Générale guarantee  in accordance with Article 231-13 of the AMF’s general regulation  the content and irrevocable nature of the undertakings made by the Offeror in connection with the Offer.In accordance with Articles 236-1 et seq. of the AMF’s general regulation  the Offeror makes the irrevocable undertaking for a period of ten (10) trading days to offer the Company’s shareholders the option of tendering their shares to the Public Buy-out Offer in return for cash of €16 per Share.Within the framework of the Squeeze-Out  shares not held by the Offeror that are not tendered to the Public Buy-out Offer (apart from the Excluded Shares) will be transferred to it in return for compensation equal to the Offer Price  net of all costs  of €16 per Share.The draft Offer and the Draft Offer Document remain subject to review by the AMF.In accordance with Article 231-16 of the AMF’s general regulation  a press release setting out the main details of the Offer and how the Draft Offer Document may be obtained will be made public on the Tarkett website (www.tarkett-group.com).The Draft Offer Document is available to the public free of charge from Tarkett’s registered office and from the registered office of the Presenting Banks  and will be posted on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and the Tarkett website (www.tarkett-group.com).The AMF will clear the Offer after it has ensured that it complies with applicable legal and regulatory requirements and will publish its clearance decision on its website (www.amf-france.org). This clearance decision will represent the AMF’s approval of the offer document and can only be given after the Company files a draft response document to the Draft Offer Document.The offer document approved by the AMF and the document containing “Other Information” relating in particular to the legal  financial and accounting characteristics of the Offeror will be available to the public  in accordance with Articles 231-27 and 231-28 of the AMF’s general regulation  from the Tarkett’s registered office and from the registered office of the Presenting Banks  no later than the day preceding the opening of the Offer. These documents will also be posted on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and the Tarkett website (www.tarkett-group.com).A press release indicating how these documents may be obtained will be published no later than the day preceding the opening of the Offer in accordance with Articles 231-27 and 231-28 of the AMF’s general regulation.Prior to the opening of the Public Buy-out Offer  the AMF will publish a notice announcing the opening and timetable of the Public Buy-out Offer  and Euronext Paris will publish a notice announcing the arrangements and timetable of the Public Buy-out Offer.2.2. Number and type of shares covered by the OfferAs of the date of the Draft Offer Document  to the Offeror’s knowledge  there are a total of 65 550 281 Tarkett Shares  representing 123 799 014 theoretical voting rights  calculated in accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF’s general regulation.It is specified that as of the date of the Draft Offer Document  the Offeror holds:directly: 59 207 028 shares and 117 187 257 voting rights in the Company representing 90.32% of the share capital and 94.66% of theoretical voting rights of the Company; andindirectly: 18 559 shares held in treasury by Tarkett; 4 000 Shares held by members of the Deconinck family  acting in concert with the Offeror; and 27 768 Free Shares Under Retention (as defined in Section 2.4.1 and covered by the Liquidity Mechanism with Mr Fabrice Barthélemy) held by Mr Fabrice Barthélemy and 4 441 Free Shares Under Retention (as defined in Section 2.4.1 and covered by the Liquidity Mechanism with Mr Raphael Bauer) held by Mr Raphael Bauer.It is specified that the Offer does not include:the 18 559 shares held in treasury by Tarkett; andthe 32 209 Free Shares Under Retention (these Shares being legally and technically unavailable and cannot be tendered in the Offer).In total  the Offeror directly and indirectly holds  alone and in concert  59 261 796 Shares representing  as of the date of the Draft Offer Document  90.41% of the share capital and 94.72% of the theoretical voting rights of the Company.The Public Buy-out Offer concerns all Shares not held directly or indirectly by the Offeror that are already in issue (except Excluded Shares) representing  to the Offeror’s knowledge  a maximum of 6 292 485 Shares4  or 9.60% of the share capital and 5.29% of theoretical voting rights of Tarkett as of the date of the Draft Offer Document  calculated in accordance with Article 233-11 of the AMF’s general regulation.Within the framework of the Squeeze-Out  shares not held by the Offeror will be transferred to the Offeror in return for compensation equal to the Offer Price  net of all costs  apart from shares held in treasury by the Company on the date of the Squeeze-Out and Free Shares Under Retention (6 292 485 shares on the date of the Draft Offer Document).To the Offeror’s knowledge  there are no equity securities or any financial instruments issued by the Company or rights granted by the Company that could give access  either immediately or in the future  to the Company’s share capital or voting rights other than the Company’s existing shares. There are no current stock option plans or free share award plans within the Company that could give access  either immediately or in the future  to the Company’s share capital or voting rights.2.3. Conditions that apply to the OfferThe Offer is not subject to any requirement to obtain regulatory approval.2.4. Position of the beneficiaries of free shares and liquidity mechanism2.4.1. Position of the beneficiaries of free sharesTo the Offeror’s knowledge  there are no free share plans implemented by the Company as of the date of the Draft Offer Document.In addition  some Shares currently held by beneficiaries of certain previous free share plans are locked up as of the date of the Draft Offer Document and will remain so until the estimated closing date of the Offer (the “Free Shares Under Retention”)  including some Shares whose vesting period has ended as of the date of the Draft Offer Document.The Free Shares Under Retention correspond to a maximum of 32 209 Shares under retention in accordance with Article L. 225-197-1 II of the French Commercial Code  under which Tarkett’s Supervisory Board has required Tarkett’s corporate officers to retain their Shares until the end of their terms of office (the “Additional Retention Period”);To the Offeror’s knowledge  as of the filing date of the Draft Offer Document and subject to cases of early transferability provided for by law  the Free Shares Under Retention will not be capable of being tendered to the Offer to the extent that the Additional Retention Period has not ended before the closing of the Offer.2.4.2. Liquidity MechanismThe Liquidity Mechanism that will be proposed to holders of Free Shares Under Retention is described more fully in Section 1.4.1 of the Draft Offer Document.2.5. Terms of the OfferThe Offeror makes the irrevocable undertaking to acquire from the Company’s shareholders  other than the Offeror and excluding the Excluded Shares  all the Shares concerned by the Public Buy-out Offer that are tendered to the Public Buy-out Offer  at the Offer Price of €16 per share  payable only in cash  for a period of ten (10) trading days.Apart from the Shares held in treasury and the Free Shares Under Retention  the Shares covered by the Offer that are not tendered to the Public Buy-out Offer will be transferred to the Offeror within the framework of the Squeeze-Out following the Public Buy-out Offer  in return for compensation equal to the Offer Price of €16 per share.2.6. Adjustment of the Offer termsAny distribution of a dividend  interim dividend  reserve  issue premium or any other distribution (in cash or in kind) decided by the Company where the ex-date or any capital reduction would take place before the Public Buy-out Offer closes will give rise to a reduction  on a euro-for-euro basis  in the price per share offered in the Offer.2.7. Procedure for tendering shares to the Public Buy-out OfferThe Public Buy-out Offer will be open for ten (10) trading days  in accordance with Article 236-7 of the AMF’s general regulation.Shares tendered to the Public Buy-out Offer must be freely negotiable and free of any lien  charge  pledge  other guarantee or any restriction on the free transfer of their ownership. The Offeror reserves the right to reject any shares that do not comply with this condition.Shares held in registered form must be converted into bearer form in order to be tendered to the Public Buy-out Offer. As a result  shareholders whose Shares are in registered form and who wish to tender them to the Public Buy-out Offer must request their conversion into bearer form at the earliest opportunity in order to tender them to the Public Buy-out Offer. Orders to tender shares to the Public Buy-out Offer are irrevocable. It is specified that the conversion of registered shares to bearer shares will result in these shareholders losing the benefits associated with ownership of these shares in registered form.Shareholders whose Shares are registered in an account managed by a financial intermediary and who wish to tender them to the Public Buy-out Offer must send to the financial intermediary that is the custodian of their Shares an irrevocable order to tender or sell the Shares at the Offer Price  using the template provided by that intermediary in good time to allow their order to be executed and no later than the day on which the Public Buy-out Offer closes  subject to the processing times of the financial intermediary concerned..The Public Buy-out Offer will be carried out solely by means of acquisitions on the market in accordance with Article 233-2 of the AMF’s general regulation. Tarkett shareholders wishing to tender their Shares to the Public Buy-out Offer must send back their sale order by the last day of the Public Buy-out Offer and settlement will take place as and when orders are executed  two (2) trading days after the execution of each order  it being stipulated that trading fees (including related brokerage fees and VAT) will remain payable by the shareholder selling the Shares in the market.Portzamparc BNP Paribas  an investment service provider authorised as a market member  will buy the Shares sold in the market on behalf of the Offeror  in accordance with applicable regulations.The transfer of ownership of Shares tendered to the Public Buy-out Offer and all associated rights (including the right to dividends) will take place on the date of registration in the Offeror’s account  in accordance with Article L. 211-17 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.2.8. Squeeze-OutIn accordance with Artiles L.433-4 II of the French Monetary and Financial Code and 237-1 and 237-7 of the AMF’s general regulation  after the Public Buy-out Offer  the Shares in the Company that have not been tendered to the Public Buy-out Offer (apart from Excluded Shares) will be transferred to the Offeror (regardless of the country of residence of the holder of said Shares) in return for compensation of €16 per Share in the Company.The AMF will publish a notice of implementation of the Squeeze-Out and Euronext Paris will publish a notice announcing the timetable for implementation of the Squeeze-Out.A notice informing the public of the Squeeze-Out will be published by the Offeror in a legal announcements bulletin in the place of the Company’s registered office in accordance with Article 237-5 of the AMF’s general regulation.The amount of compensation equal to the Offer Price of €16 will be paid  net of all costs  after the Public Buy-out Offer  into a blocked account opened for this purpose with Uptevia  the centralising agent in charge of compensation payments.In accordance with Article 237-8 of the AMF’s general regulation  unallocated funds corresponding to compensation for the Company’s shares for which the beneficial owners are unknown (i.e. unclaimed or similar shares  in particular those of shareholders whose contact details are not known) will be held in custody (and  if applicable  upon request for payment of compensation from the beneficial owners during this period  paid net of all costs by Uptevia on behalf of the Offeror) for a period of ten (10) years from the date of the Squeeze-Out and paid to Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations at the end of this period. These funds will be available to beneficial owners subject to the 30-year limitation period  after which they are transferred to the French government.It is specified that this procedure will result in the Tarkett shares being delisted from compartment B of Euronext Paris on the day the Squeeze-Out becomes effective.2.9. Applicable lawThis Offer and all related documents are governed by French law. Any dispute or conflict of any kind relating to this Offer will be brought before the competent courts.2.10. Indicative timetable of the OfferPrior to the opening of the Offer  the AMF will publish a notice stating the opening and timetable of the Offer  and Euronext Paris will publish a notice announcing the arrangements and opening of the Offer.An indicative timetable is provided below  which is still subject to review by the AMF:Date Main stages of the Offer 24 February 2025 Draft offer and Draft Offer Document filed with the AMFDraft Offer Document made available to the public at the registered offices of the Offeror and the Presenting Banks and published on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and the Company’s website (www.tarkett-group.com)Publication of the press release on the filing and availability of the Draft Offer Document 18 March 2025 Filing of the Company’s draft response document with the AMF  including the reasoned opinion of the Company’s Supervisory Board and the report of the Independent AppraiserCompany’s draft response document made available to the public at the registered office of the Company and posted on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and the Company’s website (www.tarkett-group.com)Publication of the press release relating to the filing and availability of the Company’s draft response document 8 April 2025 Publication of the AMF’s clearance decision relating to the Offer  signifying approval of the Offeror’s offer document and the Company’s response document.Approved offer document made available to the public at the registered offices of the Offeror and the Presenting Banks and posted on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and the Company’s website (www.tarkett-group.com)Approved response document made available to the public at the registered offices of the Offeror and the Presenting Banks and posted on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and the Company’s website (www.tarkett-group.com) 9 April 2025 Filing by the Offeror with the AMF of the document “Other information relating to the legal  financial and accounting characteristics” of the OfferorDocument “Other information relating in particular to the legal  financial and accounting characteristics” of the Offeror made available to the public at the registered offices of the Offeror and the Presenting Banks and posted on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and the Company’s website (www.tarkett-group.com)Publication of a press release from the Offeror relating to the offer document and the document “Other information relating in particular to the legal  financial and accounting characteristics” of the Offeror being availableFiling by the Company with the AMF of the document “Other information relating to the legal  financial and accounting characteristics” of the CompanyDocument “Other information relating in particular to the legal  financial and accounting characteristics” of the Company made available to the public at the registered office of the Company and posted on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and the Company’s website (www.tarkett-group.com)Publication of a press release from the Company relating to the reply document and the document “Other information relating in particular to the legal  financial and accounting characteristics” of the Company being available 10 April 2025 Opening of the Public Buy-out Offer 25 April 2025 Close of the Public Buy-out Offer 28 April 2025 Publication by the AMF and Euronext Paris of the notice stating the result of the Public Buy-out Offer As soon as possible after the publication of the notice announcing the results of the Public Buy-out Offer Implementation of the Squeeze-OutDelisting of Tarkett shares from compartment B of Euronext Paris2.11. Financing of the Offer2.11.1. Expenses relating to the OfferThe overall amount of all expenses  costs and disbursements incurred by the Offeror solely in connection with the Offer  including the fees and other expenses of its external financial  legal and accounting advisors  along with those of appraisers and other consultants  and publicity and communication expenses  is estimated at approximately €2 million (excluding VAT).2.11.2. Arrangements for financing the OfferOn the basis of the Offer Price  the acquisition by the Offeror of all the Shares concerned by the Offer represents a maximum of €100 679 760.00 (excluding commission and associated fees).The Offeror has sufficient equity capital and credit lines  particularly under its existing credit facilities  to finance the Offer and may also carry out additional financing rounds on the market without these being necessary for the financing of the Offer.2.11.3. Reimbursement of brokerage feesNo expenses will be reimbursed and no commission will be paid by the Offeror to a shareholder tendering their Shares to the Offer  or to any intermediary or any person soliciting the tendering of Shares to the Offer.2.12. Restrictions on the Offer outside FranceNo request to register the Offer or to obtain approval has been made to a financial market supervisory authority other than the AMF and no such request will be made.As a result  the Offer is made to shareholders of the Company located in France and outside France  provided that the local laws to which they are subject allow them to take part in the Offer without the Offeror being required to complete any additional formalities.The publication of the Draft Offer Document  the Offer  the acceptance of the Offer and the delivery of the Shares may in some countries be subject to specific regulations or restrictions. As a result  the Offer is not addressed to persons subject to such restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and is not capable of being accepted in a country in which the Offer is subject to restrictions.Neither the Draft Offer Document nor any other document relating to the Offer constitutes an offer to buy or sell financial instruments or a solicitation of an offer in any country in which such offer or solicitation would be illegal  could not be legally made or would require the publication of a prospectus of any other formality in accordance with local financial laws. The holders of Securities located outside of France may participate in the Offer only to the extent that such participation is authorised by the local laws to which they are subject.As a result  persons in possession of the Draft Offer Document are required to inform themselves about any applicable local restrictions and to comply with them. A failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable stock exchange laws and regulations.The Offeror will not be liable for the violation of applicable legal or regulatory restrictions by any person.United States of AmericaNo document relating to the Offer  including the Draft Offer Document  constitutes an extension of the Offer to the United States and the Offer is not being made  directly or indirectly  in the United States  to persons resident in the United States or “US persons” (within the meaning of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended) by means of postal services or any other means of communication or instrument of trade (including  without limitation  sending by fax  telex  telephone or email) in the United States or by means of the services of a stock exchange in the United States. As a result  no copies of the Draft Offer Document  and no other documents relating to the Draft Offer Document or to the Offer  can be sent by post  or communicated and disseminated via an intermediary or any other person in the United States in any way. No shareholders of the Company will be able to tender their shares to the Offer if they are not able to certify that (i) they are not a US Person; (ii) they have not received in the United States a copy of the Draft Offer Document or any other document relating to the Offer  and that they have not sent such documents in the United States; (iii) they have not used  directly or indirectly  postal services  telecommunications or other instruments of trade or the services of a stock exchange in the United States in connection with the Offer; (iv) they were not in the United States when they accepted the terms of the Offer  or sent their order to transfer shares; and (v) they are not an agent or representative acting on behalf of a principal that sent their instructions outside the United States. Approved intermediaries may not accept orders to tender shares that have not been made in accordance with the above requirements  unless there is any authorisation or instruction on the contrary from or for the Offeror  at the Offeror’s discretion. Any acceptance of the Offer that may be assumed to result from a breach of these restrictions will be deemed invalid.The Draft Offer Document does not constitute an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation for an order to buy or sell securities in the United States  and has not been filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.For the purposes of the above two paragraphs  the United States refers to the United States of America  their territories and possessions  or any of these States and the District of Columbia.3. Summary of the Assessment of the Offer PriceThe Offer Price proposed by the Offeror is €16.00. Based on the valuation work described in Section 3 of the Draft Offer Document  the Offer Price presents the following premiums:Value per share1 (€) Premium / (discount) induced by the Offer Price (%) Offer price per share (€) 16 0 - Principal methods used Stock market references Closing price prior to project annoncement2 13 6 +18 1% VWAP - 20 days 12 1 +32 3% VWAP - 60 days 11 6 +37 5% VWAP - 120 days 11 1 +44 6% VWAP - 250 days 10 7 +49 5% DCF Mid-range of the company’s business plan 12 5 +28 3% Top of the range of the company’s business plan 13 5 +18 4% Bottom of the range of the company’s business plan 11 5 +39 0% Indicative methods CIC Target prices Target price 10 0 +60 0% Stock market comparables EV / EBIT 2025 15 6 +2 9% EV / EBIT 2026 13 8 +15 9%Notes: 1 Value per Share based on 65 531 722 Shares  excluding the 18 889 Shares held in treasury. 2 20 February 2025Important NoticeThis press release has been prepared for information purposes only. This press release does not constitute a public offer (offre au public). Dissemination of this press release  the Offer and its acceptance may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in some countries.The Offer is not addressed to persons directly or indirectly subject to such restrictions and may not be accepted in any way from a country in which the Offer is subject to such restrictions. This press release shall not be distributed in these countries. Therefore  persons in possession of this press release must inform themselves about and comply with any local restrictions that may apply.Tarkett Participation declines any responsibility resulting from any breach of these restrictions by any person.1 It is specified that the Offeror  controlled by Société Investissement Deconinck  a société par actions simplifiée with its registered office at Tour Initiale - 1 Terrasse Bellini  92919 Paris La Défense Cedex  and registered in the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under number 421 199 274  controlled by the Deconinck Family (“SID”)  is acting in concert with Expansion 17 S.C. A.  a reserved alternative investment fund in the form of a société en commandite par actions  “Tarkett” compartment  with its registered office at 11-15  avenue Emile Reuter  L - 2420 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B180975 and Global Performance 17 S.C. A.  a reserved alternative investment fund in the form of a société en commandite par actions  “Millésime 3” compartment  with its registered office at 11-15  avenue Emile Reuter  L - 2420 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B180980 (both of which are part of the Wendel group) (the “Investor”)  Mr. Fabrice Barthélemy  Chairman of the Company’s Management Board and Chairman of the Offeror  and members of the Deconinck family who directly own shares in the Company.2 Based on 65 550 281 shares representing 123 799 014 theoretical voting rights as at 31 January 2025 in accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF’s general regulation.3 It is specified that the 4 000 Shares held directly by members of the Deconinck family  which are deemed to be held indirectly by the Offeror within the meaning of Article L. 233-9 of the French Commercial Code  are included in the 6 292 485 Shares concerned by the Public Buy-out Offer and will be tendered to the offer.4 It is specified that the 4 000 Shares held directly by members of the Deconinck family  which are deemed to be held indirectly by the Offeror within the meaning of Article L. 233-9 of the French Commercial Code  are included in the 6 292 485 Shares concerned by the Public Buy-out Offer and will be tendered to the offer.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.78,0.22,negative,0.14,0.14,0.71,True,English,"['Public Buy-Out Offer', 'Press Release', 'Squeeze-Out', 'Tarkett', 'Shares', 'Paris Société Générale', 'Paris La Défense Cedex Rothschild', '92919 Paris La Défense Cedex', 'société par actions', 'Mr Fabrice Barthélemy', 'CREDIT AGRICOLE MIDCAP ADVISORS', 'Crédit Agricole Corporate', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'PORTZAMPARC BNP PARIBAS GROUP', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'GLBA/IBD/ECM/SEG 75886 Paris Cedex', 'CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE', 'ROTHSCHILD MARTIN MAUREL', 'Tarkett Participation Tour Initiale', 'Mr Raphael Bauer', 'Co Martin Maurel', 'PROPOSED PUBLIC BUY', 'theoretical voting rights', 'draft offer document', 'public buy-out offer', 'Tarkett ordinary share', '92547 Montrouge Cedex', '117,187,257 voting rights', 'Financial Code', 'legal, financial', 'French version', 'French Monetary', 'irrevocable offer', 'press release', 'information purposes', 'English version', 'INVESTMENT BANK', 'SOCIETE GENERALE', 'GUARANTEEING BANKS', '10 trading days', 'general regulation', 'IMPORTANT DISCLOSURE', 'clearance decision', 'squeeze-out procedure', 'accounting information', 'amf-france.org', 'Terrasse Bellini', '1 Boulevard Haussmann', 'Etats-Unis CS', 'Title III', 'Book II', 'registered office', 'Nanterre Trade', 'Companies Register', 'supervisory board', 'management board', 'indirect subsidiaries', 'compartment B', 'Code ISIN', 'share capital', 'Deconinck family', 'Liquidity Mechanism', 'Tarkett website', 'OFFER PRICE', 'PRESENTING BANK', 'other documents', 'Article L.', '27,768 Free Shares', '4,441 Free Shares', 'Tarkett shares', 'AMF website', '59,207,028 shares', '18,559 shares', '4,000 Shares', 'securities', 'Translation', 'case', 'discrepancy', 'COMPANY', 'euros', 'DURATION', 'timetable', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'review', 'end', 'exceptions', 'return', 'compensation', 'cash', 'costs', 'conjunction', 'relation', 'description', 'tarkett-group', 'charge', 'request', '29 Avenue', 'Messine', 'place', 'Presentation', 'identity', 'Offeror', 'Articles', 'number', 'shareholders', 'framework', 'conditions', 'TKTT', 'date', 'treasury', 'members', 'concert', 'Retention', 'Section']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49037,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/02/24/wells-fargo-company-cuts-public-storage-nysepsa-price-target-to-330-00/,Wells Fargo & Company Cuts Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Price Target to $330.00,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) had its target price trimmed by Wells Fargo & Company from $365.00 to $330.00 in a research note published on Friday morning Benzinga reports. The firm currently has an overweight rating on the real estate investment tr…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) had its target price trimmed by Wells Fargo & Company from $365.00 to $330.00 in a research note published on Friday morning Benzinga reports. The firm currently has an overweight rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock.A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on PSA. Truist Financial raised their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $306.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday  December 5th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft upgraded shares of Public Storage from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $298.00 to $299.00 in a research report on Friday  January 10th. Barclays decreased their price target on shares of Public Storage from $380.00 to $361.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday  January 13th. Finally  Royal Bank of Canada decreased their target price on shares of Public Storage from $358.00 to $344.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday  November 8th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  five have given a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat.com  Public Storage currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $341.85.Get Public Storage alerts:Read Our Latest Stock Analysis on PSAPublic Storage Stock PerformanceInsider ActivityShares of PSA stock opened at $304.30 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $298.12 and a 200-day moving average of $325.59. The company has a market cap of $53.29 billion  a P/E ratio of 31.60  a P/E/G ratio of 4.91 and a beta of 0.74. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77  a current ratio of 0.97 and a quick ratio of 0.97. Public Storage has a one year low of $256.31 and a one year high of $369.99.In related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 450 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday  December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $317.99  for a total value of $143 095.50. Following the transaction  the insider now owns 2 364 shares in the company  valued at $751 728.36. The trade was a 15.99 % decrease in their position. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC  which is available at this hyperlink. Company insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock.Hedge Funds Weigh In On Public StorageHedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. S.A. Mason LLC raised its holdings in Public Storage by 3.8% during the 3rd quarter. S.A. Mason LLC now owns 825 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $300 000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the period. Haverford Trust Co raised its holdings in Public Storage by 0.7% during the 3rd quarter. Haverford Trust Co now owns 4 282 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 558 000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the period. Huntington National Bank raised its holdings in Public Storage by 5.4% during the 3rd quarter. Huntington National Bank now owns 645 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $235 000 after buying an additional 33 shares during the period. Chesapeake Wealth Management raised its holdings in Public Storage by 2.2% during the 3rd quarter. Chesapeake Wealth Management now owns 1 538 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $560 000 after buying an additional 33 shares during the period. Finally  Lindenwold Advisors INC raised its holdings in Public Storage by 0.8% during the 3rd quarter. Lindenwold Advisors INC now owns 4 390 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 597 000 after buying an additional 34 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.About Public Storage(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Wells Fargo', 'Public Storage', 'Price Target', 'Company', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'real estate investment trust', 'S.A. Mason LLC', 'seven Western European nations', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Haverford Trust Co', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'concise daily summary', 'Chesapeake Wealth Management', 'Lindenwold Advisors INC', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Huntington National Bank', '50-day moving average', '200-day moving average', '35% common equity interest', 'other research firms', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Public Storage alerts', 'strong buy rating', 'average price target', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'S&P 500', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'Royal Bank', 'average rating', 'Seven analysts', 'equity ratio', 'target price', 'Moderate Buy', 'research note', 'research report', 'latest news', 'price objective', 'Wells Fargo', 'overweight rating', 'Truist Financial', 'hold” rating', 'sell” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sector perform', 'hold rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'one year', 'total value', 'Hedge Funds', '3rd quarter', 'Institutional investors', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'related news', 'January 10th', 'United States', 'Insider Activity', 'additional 30 shares', 'additional 33 shares', 'additional 34 shares', 'Friday morning', 'Company insiders', 'PSA stock', '40 states', '450 shares', '2,364 shares', '825 shares', '4,282 shares', '645 shares', '1,538 shares', '4,390 shares', 'NYSE', 'Benzinga', 'number', 'reports', 'Thursday', 'December', 'Barclays', 'Monday', 'Canada', 'November', 'data', 'beta', 'debt', 'transaction', 'trade', '15.99 % decrease', 'position', 'sale', 'document', 'hyperlink', 'holdings', 'period', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', 'Ratings', '11.']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,etfdailynews.com
49038,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3030862/0/en/Societe-Generale-Appointment-within-the-Societe-Generale-Group.html,Societe Generale: Appointment within the Societe Generale Group,APPOINTMENT WITHIN THE SOCIETE GENERALE GROUP  Press release  Paris  24 February 2025  Societe Generale announces the appointment of Lubomira Rochet as......,"APPOINTMENT WITHIN THE SOCIETE GENERALE GROUPPress releaseParis  24 February 2025Societe Generale announces the appointment of Lubomira Rochet as Executive Vice President in charge of Retail Banking activities in France  Private Banking and Insurance  as well as the Group's Chief Operating Office (technology  procurement and real estate). She will join the Bank in April 2025. Lubomira will also become a member of the Group Executive Committee.Lubomira Rochet's mission will be to assist Slawomir Krupa  Chief Executive Officer of Societe Generale  in overseeing Retail Banking activities in France (both SG retail network and BoursoBank)  Private Banking and Insurance  as well as the activities of the Group's Chief Operating Office (including technology  procurement and real estate).Lubomira Rochet is an accomplished leader with proven expertise in business transformation  digital businesses and in all aspects of customer relations  particularly for retail activities. She has held high-level responsibilities in these areas on a global scale with a compelling track record. Her technical skills  extensive experience  strategic vision and leadership will be key assets in advancing the development and transformation of the Group and our retail activities in France. She will contribute to enhancing our performance in terms of customer experience and satisfaction  business growth and operational efficiency to support our teams on the ground.Slawomir Krupa  Chief Executive Officer  comments: ""I am pleased to announce the appointment of Lubomira Rochet to the Group Executive Committee. She will assist me in overseeing Retail Banking activities in France and will also bring her extensive expertise to our projects for the further growth of our retail banking activities and the technological transformation of the Group. Her talent and creativity will further enhance the blend of different skills and wide-ranging experiences within the Group's leadership team. I wish her every success in her new role.""BiographyLubomira Rochet has held strategic positions throughout her career in the technology  digital  and retail sectors. From 2003 to 2007  she was responsible for strategy at Sogeti (Capgemini)  before leading innovation and startups in France for Microsoft from 2008 to 2010. In 2010  she joined the digital marketing agency Valtech and became the Managing Director of this agency in 2012. From 2014 to 2021  she drove the digital transformation of L'Oréal as Chief Digital Officer and was a member of the Executive Committee. Since 2021  she has been a Partner at JAB Holding Company LLC. Lubomira also served as an independent Director on the Board of Directors of Societe Generale from 2017 to 2024. An economist by training  Lubomira Rochet is a graduate of the École Normale Supérieure de Paris-Saclay  Sciences Po Paris  and the College of Europe in Bruges.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with more than 126 000 employees serving about 25 million clients in 65 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. Mobility  International Retail Banking and Financial Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['Societe Generale Group', 'Appointment', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'JAB Holding Company LLC', 'École Normale Supérieure', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'premium private banking services', 'leading retail bank SG', 'SG retail network', 'Chief Operating Office', 'compelling track record', ""L'Oréal"", 'three complementary sets', 'Executive Vice President', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'leading digital bank', 'International Retail Banking', 'specialized financing activities', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'Chief Digital Officer', 'sustainable value creation', 'Retail Banking activities', 'Sciences Po Paris', 'several African countries', 'digital marketing agency', 'distinctive global leadership', 'Group Executive Committee', 'SOCIETE GENERALE GROUP', 'new role', 'retail activities', 'Financial Services', 'Global Banking', 'leading innovation', 'leading franchises', 'retail sectors', 'French Retail', 'Inclusion Index', 'leading partner', 'sustainable future', 'leadership team', 'digital transformation', 'global scale', 'global player', 'Press release', 'real estate', 'Slawomir Krupa', 'accomplished leader', 'proven expertise', 'customer relations', 'high-level responsibilities', 'technical skills', 'extensive experience', 'strategic vision', 'key assets', 'customer experience', 'operational efficiency', 'extensive expertise', 'different skills', 'wide-ranging experiences', 'strategic positions', 'Managing Director', 'independent Director', 'Press contact', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'financial solutions', 'trusted relationships', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'equity derivatives', 'universal banks', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'digital businesses', 'sustainable mobility', 'Lubomira Rochet', 'business transformation', 'technological transformation', 'business growth', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'structured finance', 'The Group', '25 million clients', 'individual clients', 'insurance franchise', '65 countries', 'APPOINTMENT', '24 February', 'charge', 'France', 'technology', 'procurement', 'April', 'member', 'mission', 'BoursoBank', 'aspects', 'areas', 'development', 'performance', 'terms', 'satisfaction', 'teams', 'ground', 'projects', 'talent', 'creativity', 'blend', 'success', 'Biography', 'career', 'strategy', 'Sogeti', 'Capgemini', 'startups', 'Microsoft', 'Valtech', 'Board', 'Directors', 'economist', 'training', 'graduate', 'Paris-Saclay', 'College', 'Bruges', 'socgen', '126,000 employees', 'world', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'STOXX']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49039,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/24/3030859/0/en/OSE-Immunotherapeutics-Reports-Full-Phase-2-Induction-Results-for-Anti-IL-7R-mAb-Lusvertikimab-in-Ulcerative-Colitis-at-the-20th-Congress-of-ECCO.html,OSE Immunotherapeutics Reports Full Phase 2 Induction Results for Anti-IL-7R mAb Lusvertikimab in Ulcerative Colitis at the 20th Congress of ECCO,OSE Immunotherapeutics Reports Full Phase 2 Induction Results for Anti-IL-7R mAb Lusvertikimab in Ulcerative Colitis at the 20th Congress of ECCO ......,OSE Immunotherapeutics Reports Full Phase 2 Induction Results for Anti-IL-7R mAb Lusvertikimab in Ulcerative Colitisat the 20th Congress of ECCOLusvertikimab achieved statistical significance on the primary and secondary endpoints in moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis (UC) patients during the 10-week induction period of treatment in the randomized  double-blind CoTikiS Phase 2 study. These results were presented in the Top 10 congress highlights oral plenary session at ECCO 2025.in moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis (UC) patients during the 10-week induction period of treatment in the randomized  double-blind CoTikiS Phase 2 study. These results were presented in the Top 10 congress highlights oral plenary session at ECCO 2025. Lusvertikimab demonstrated high rates of clinical and endoscopic remission after 10 weeks of treatment  along with clinically meaningful histological improvement and Histo-Endoscopic Mucosal Improvement (HEMI) rates.after 10 weeks of treatment  along with clinically meaningful histological improvement and Histo-Endoscopic Mucosal Improvement (HEMI) rates. Treatment with Lusvertikimab significantly reduced fecal calprotectin (FCP) after 10 weeks of treatment  an objective biomarker of mucosal inflammation in UC patients and an early predictor of endoscopic and histological responses.after 10 weeks of treatment  an objective biomarker of mucosal inflammation in UC patients and an early predictor of endoscopic and histological responses. Statistically significant efficacy was demonstrated in clinical and endoscopic remission in the UC patient subgroup with high baseline FCP (>250µg/g).in the UC patient subgroup with high baseline FCP (>250µg/g). A good safety and tolerability profile was observed with no clinically relevant safety signals.NANTES  France – February 24  2025  7:30am CET - OSE Immunotherapeutics SA (ISIN: FR0012127173; Mnemo: OSE)  presented full efficacy and safety data from the induction period of the randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  Phase 2 CoTikiS study of Lusvertikimab (OSE-127) in the Oral and Poster presentations at the 20th Congress of ECCO (European Crohn’s and Colitis Organisation)  demonstrating meaningful efficacy and a favorable safety profile in moderate to severe active UC patients.Pr. Arnaud Bourreille  Associate Professor in Gastroenterology at the Institut des Maladies de l'Appareil Digestif  Nantes University Hospital  and Coordinating Investigator of the CoTikiS study  said: “These full Phase 2 clinical induction results provide strong efficacy data for Lusvertikimab in UC  particularly highlighting the meaningful achievement in the key endpoints of endoscopic remission and histological improvement after only 10 weeks of treatment. The latest data showing high histo-endoscopic mucosal improvement (HEMI) and mucosal healing rates represent a strong signal of efficacy  as they are associated with the prediction of long-term prevention of future relapse and are important for UC patients in need of breakthrough therapeutic options and sustained healing.”Pr. Walter Reinisch  Director of the IBD Study Group at the Medical University of Vienna  Department of Internal Medicine  Vienna  Austria  commented: “Lusvertikimab has been shown to significantly decrease FCP  an objective inflammatory biomarker most commonly used in clinical practice to monitor treatment response in patients with ulcerative colitis. These data parallel and confirm the overall results of the primary and secondary endpoints from the CoTikiS study  highlighting the potential of Lusvertikimab as an efficacious therapy for all UC patients  also by normalising increased baseline FCP values.”Week-10 Induction Period Results in the Global Population 1The randomized  double-blind Phase 2 clinical trial CoTikiS evaluated the efficacy and safety of Lusvertikimab versus placebo in 136 patients with moderate to severe active UC who failed or lost response to previous treatment(s)2. CoTikiS is a 50-week study  with a 10-week induction period evaluating two doses (450 mg or 850 mg) of Lusvertikimab against placebo  a 24-week open-label extension period (OLE) during which subjects received Lusvertikimab 850 mg infusions every four weeks and a 16-week safety follow-up period free of treatment. The induction data at week 10 in the full population and in the subgroup of severe UC patients with high baseline FCP were presented at ECCO 2025.The overall induction results from the CoTikiS study show that the two doses evaluated  450 mg and 850 mg  met the primary efficacy endpoint (Modified Mayo Score) at week 10 and demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful results on secondary endpoints:Primary End Point at Week 10 3Improvement of the Global Disease Activity Index of UC (Modified Mayo Score)Lusv 450mg group: difference of -1.16 point versus placebo (p= 0.019)Lusv 850mg group: difference of -0.9 point versus placebo (p=0.036)450 + 850mg pooled group: difference of -1.00 point versus placebo (p= 0.010)Secondary Endpoints at Week 10  included:Clinical remission rate: 16% for the pooled 450+850 mg group (n=85) versus 4% for placebo (n=49) (Odds ratio = 4.25; p=0.066)16% for the pooled 450+850 mg group (n=85) versus 4% for placebo (n=49) (Odds ratio = 4.25; p=0.066) Endoscopic improvement rate: 32% for the pooled group versus 13% for placebo (Odds ratio = 3.29; p=0.027)32% for the pooled group versus 13% for placebo (Odds ratio = 3.29; p=0.027) Endoscopic remission rate: 25% for the pooled group versus 13% for placebo (Odds ratio = 2.33; p=0.120)25% for the pooled group versus 13% for placebo (Odds ratio = 2.33; p=0.120) Ulcerative Colitis Endoscopic Index of Severity (UCEIS) mean score change: -1.35 for the pooled group versus -0.32 for placebo (p=0.007)-1.35 for the pooled group versus -0.32 for placebo (p=0.007) Fecal Calprotectin (FCP): +189 µg/g for the placebo group  -830 µg/g for the 450mg group (p = 0.009)  -635 µg/g for the 850mg group (p=0.018)  and -716 μg/g for the pooled group (p=0.004)Exploratory objectives included histological score analysis (centralized and blinded)  such as the number and proportion of patients with histological improvement at Week 10  defined by a Nancy Histological Index (NHI) score of 0 or 1  and the number and proportion of patients with histo-endoscopic mucosal improvement at week 10  defined by a NHI ≤ 1 with a Mayo Endoscopic score ≤ 1. Additional histological readouts included Robarts’ histological index (RHI) and Geboes score (GS) changes from baseline.Histological Improvement (NHI score ≤ 1) at W10: Chi-square p < 0.01 45.2% in the 450 mg group (n=31); difference versus placebo of 35.2% (p<0.01) 31.0% in the 850 mg group (n=42); difference versus placebo of 21.0% (p=0.02) 37.0% in the 450 + 850 mg pooled group (n=73); difference versus placebo of 27.0% (p<0.01) 10.0% in the placebo group (n=40)Chi-square p < 0.01 Histo-Endoscopic Mucosal Improvement (HEMI) (NHI score ≤ 1 + MES ≤ 1) at W10:Chi-square p = 0.02 32.3% in the 450 mg group; difference versus placebo of 24.8% (p<0.01) 14.3% in the 850 mg group; difference versus placebo of 6.8% (p=0.33) 21.9% in the 450+850 mg pooled group; difference versus placebo of 14.4% (p=0.05) 7.5% in the placebo groupChi-square p = 0.02 Histological Geboes score (GS) mean changes from baseline at W10: Chi-square p = 0.05 450 mg group: -2.9 (SD: 7.2) 850 mg group: -4.2 (SD: 6.1; p<0.01 versus placebo) 450+850 mg pooled group: -3.7 (SD: 6.6; p=0.02 versus placebo) Placebo: -0.7 (SD: 5.1)Chi-square p = 0.05 Histological Robarts Index (RHI) mean changes from baseline at W10: Chi-square p < 0.01 450 mg group: -3.5 (SD: 12.3) 850 mg group: -8.5 (SD: 10.8; p<0.01 versus placebo) 450+850 mg pooled group: -6.4 (SD: 11.7; p=0.01 versus placebo) Placebo: -0.6 (SD: 9.2)Chi-square p < 0.01Week-10 Induction Results in Severe Active UC with High Baseline Fecal CalprotectinFecal calprotectin (FCP) is an objective marker of inflammation in UC patients and may predict sustained clinical and endoscopic response. The CoTikiS study included an exploratory endpoint assessing the efficacy of Lusvertikimab 850 mg and 450 mg compared to placebo in patients with FCP > 250 μg/g at baseline  considered the threshold for active and severe inflammatory UC disease.High baseline FCP (> 250 μg/g) represented 69.5% (n=93) of the total Phase 2 population. Baseline FCP was not different between treatment groups. These additional analyses have shown that Lusvertikimab significantly decreased FCP after 10 weeks of treatment in both dose groups and achieved improvements in clinical and endoscopic outcomes in this UC patient population with active inflammation. These data strengthen the overall results of the primary and key secondary endpoints from the CoTikiS study.Fecal Calprotectin (FCP) decreases at W10 450 mg group: difference of -1 169 μg/g versus placebo (p=0.025) 850 mg group: difference of -966 μg/g versus placebo (p=0.034) 450+850 mg pooled group: difference of -1 048 μg/g versus placebo (p=0.011)Fecal Calprotectin (FCP) normalization to below 250 µg/g at W10 38% in the 450 mg group (n=22); difference versus placebo of 20% (p=0.1) 45% in the 850 mg group (n=33); difference versus placebo of 27% (p=0.02) 42% in the 450+850 mg pooled group (n=55); difference versus placebo of 24% (p=0.02) 18% in the placebo group (n=38)Improvement of the Global Disease Activity Index of UC (MMS) 450 mg group; difference of -1.47 point versus placebo (p= 0.011) 850 mg group; difference of -0.95 point versus placebo (p=0.055) 450 + 850 mg pooled group; difference of -1.16 point versus placebo (p= 0.009)Clinical Remission rate at W10: Fisher-test p < 0.01 28.3% in the 450 mg group; difference versus placebo of 28.3% 9.4% in the 850 mg group; difference versus placebo of 9.4% 16.9% in the 450+850 mg pooled group; difference versus placebo of 16.9% 0% in the placebo groupFisher-test p < 0.01 Endoscopic Remission rate at W10 38% in the 450 mg group; difference versus placebo of 30.5% (p= 0.03) 14% in the 850 mg group; difference versus placebo of 6.7% (p= 0.33) 24% in the 450+850 mg pooled group; difference versus placebo of 16.3% (p= 0.11) 7% in the Placebo groupUlcerative Colitis Endoscopic Index of Severity (UCEIS) mean score change from baseline 450 mg group; difference of -1.69 point versus placebo (p= 0.003) 850 mg group; difference of -0.74 point versus placebo (p=0.12) 450+850 mg pooled group; difference of -1.12 point versus placebo (p= 0.01)Safety ProfileLusvertikimab displayed a good safety profile and was well tolerated  with no difference between both dose groups and placebo in the incidence of drug-related serious adverse events (SAEs)  adverse events (AEs) leading to discontinuation  drug-related AE and severe drug-related AEs  opportunistic infections  or infusion reactions during the induction period.ABOUT ULCERATIVE COLITIS (UC)Ulcerative colitis is a chronic disease of the large intestine  or colon  and rectum  in which the lining of the gastrointestinal tract becomes inflamed and develops ulcers. This condition is the result of an overactive immune system. UC affects 3.3 million patients in the US  Europe and Japan (1). Despite broad therapeutic options  remission rates are only 25-30%  (2) leaving most patients without satisfactory treatments. 15% of patients (3) fail to respond to all therapies and undergo surgery as a last option.(1) EvaluatePharma(2) Drugs Context. 2019; 8: 212572 –doi: 10.7573/dic.212572(3) Scientific Reports volume 10  Article number: 12546 (2020)ABOUT OSE IMMUNOTHERAPEUTICSOSE Immunotherapeutics is a biotech company dedicated to developing first-in-class assets in immuno-oncology (IO) and immuno-inflammation (I&I) that address the unmet patient needs of today and tomorrow. We partner with leading academic institutions and biopharmaceutical companies in our efforts to develop and bring to the market transformative medicines for people with serious diseases. OSE Immunotherapeutics is based between Nantes and Paris and is quoted on Euronext.Additional information about OSE Immunotherapeutics assets is available on the Company’s website: www.ose-immuno.com. Click and follow us on X and LinkedInContactsFiona Olivierfiona.olivier@ose-immuno.comSylvie Détrysylvie.detry@ose-immuno.comFrance Media ContactFP2COMFlorence Portejoiefportejoie@fp2com.fr+33 6 07 768 283U.S. Media ContactRooney Partners LLCKate Barrettekbarrette@rooneypartners.com+1 212 223 0561Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains express or implied information and statements that might be deemed forward-looking information and statements in respect of OSE Immunotherapeutics. They do not constitute historical facts. These information and statements include financial projections that are based upon certain assumptions and assessments made by OSE Immunotherapeutics’ management considering its experience and its perception of historical trends  current economic and industry conditions  expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate.These forward-looking statements include statements typically using conditional and containing verbs such as “expect”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “target”  “plan”  or “estimate”  their declensions and conjugations and words of similar import. Although the OSE Immunotherapeutics management believes that the forward-looking statements and information are reasonable  the OSE Immunotherapeutics’ shareholders and other investors are cautioned that the completion of such expectations is by nature subject to various risks  known or not  and uncertainties which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of OSE Immunotherapeutics. These risks could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. These risks include those discussed or identified in the public filings made by OSE Immunotherapeutics with the AMF. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. This press release includes only summary information and should be read with the OSE Immunotherapeutics Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 30  2024  including the annual financial report for the fiscal year 2023  available on the OSE Immunotherapeutics’ website. Other than as required by applicable law  OSE Immunotherapeutics issues this press release at the date hereof and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking information or statements.1 An interim futility analysis performed early (approx. 30% of patients) by the IDMC proposed stopping the 450 mg group due to the risk of futility. The 850 mg group was initially considered as the primary analysis; however  in the final analysis  the futility of the 450mg dose group was not confirmed. Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) Addendum: results of 450mg group of patients were included in the analyses. In addition  the two groups were pooled for the active drug cohort to evaluate a global treatment effect.2 Previous corticosteroids  immunosuppressive agents or previous biological treatments.3 OSE Immunotherapeutics Press Release of November 4th 2024: EN_241104_Lusvertikimab-Phase-2.pdfAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.17,0.36,True,English,"['Full Phase 2 Induction Results', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics Reports', 'Anti-IL-7R mAb Lusvertikimab', 'Ulcerative Colitis', '20th Congress', 'ECCO', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 2 CoTikiS study', 'randomized, double-blind Phase 2 clinical trial', 'randomized, double-blind CoTikiS Phase 2 study', 'moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis', 'full Phase 2 clinical induction results', '24-week open-label extension period', 'Global Disease Activity Index', '450 + 850mg pooled group', 'Full Phase 2 Induction Results', '16-week safety follow-up period', 'Week-10 Induction Period Results', 'severe active UC patients', 'Lusv 850mg group', 'IBD Study Group', '10-week induction period', 'Lusv 450mg group', 'Pr. Arnaud Bourreille', 'breakthrough therapeutic options', 'Pr. Walter Reinisch', 'relevant safety signals', 'overall induction results', 'severe UC patients', 'oral plenary session', 'baseline FCP values', 'Histo-Endoscopic Mucosal Improvement', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics Reports', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics SA', 'favorable safety profile', 'Primary End Point', 'high baseline FCP', 'objective inflammatory biomarker', 'UC patient subgroup', 'Nantes University Hospital', 'mucosal healing rates', 'meaningful histological improvement', 'previous treatment(s', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'strong efficacy data', '50-week study', 'full efficacy', 'overall results', 'full population', 'induction data', 'Colitis Organisation', 'meaningful results', 'Global Population', 'high rates', 'clinical practice', 'objective biomarker', 'mucosal inflammation', 'high histo', 'good safety', 'tolerability profile', 'safety data', 'strong signal', 'sustained healing', 'Medical University', 'UC) patients', 'histological responses', 'meaningful efficacy', 'meaningful achievement', '20th Congress', 'statistical significance', 'secondary endpoints', 'Top 10 congress', 'fecal calprotectin', 'early predictor', '7:30am CET', 'Poster presentations', 'European Crohn', 'Associate Professor', 'Appareil Digestif', 'Coordinating Investigator', 'key endpoints', 'latest data', 'long-term prevention', 'future relapse', 'Internal Medicine', 'efficacious therapy', 'two doses', 'Mayo Score', 'HEMI) rates', 'endoscopic remission', 'significant efficacy', '850 mg infusions', 'treatment response', '136 patients', '450 mg', 'Anti-IL-7R', 'Lusvertikimab', 'ECCO', '10 weeks', '250µg', 'France', 'February', 'Mnemo', 'Gastroenterology', 'Institut', 'Maladies', 'prediction', 'need', 'Director', 'Vienna', 'Department', 'Austria', 'potential', 'increased', 'subjects', 'difference']",2025-02-24,2025-02-25,globenewswire.com
49040,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/26/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/worldline-governance-evolution/2062440,Worldline - Governance evolution,The Board of Directors of Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  is pleased to announce that Pierre-Antoine Vacheron has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer effective on March 1 st  2025  succeeding Marc-Henri Desportes  who has served as an interim CEO since October 2024.,"Worldline appoints Pierre-Antoine Vacheron as Chief Executive OfficerParis  La Défense  February 25th  2025The Board of Directors of Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  is pleased to announce that Pierre-Antoine Vacheron has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer effective on March 1st  2025  succeeding Marc-Henri Desportes  who has served as an interim CEO since October 2024.Pierre-Antoine brings over 30 years of extensive international and transformational experience as CEO and CFO in the payments  retail and banking industries  most recently as CEO of Payments of Group BPCE and CEO of Natixis Payments. During his tenure at BPCE  Pierre-Antoine focused on product innovation  simplifying the technology and providing excellent customer service to shape a highly competitive and modern payments player in card and account-to-account processing  omnichannel commerce and bank-as-a-service. Before his role at BPCE  Pierre-Antoine headed the Global Merchant Services and Acquiring division of the Ingenico Group. During this period  he oversaw the diversification of Ingenico from a hardware-oriented payments processor to a leading payment services provider.The Board of Directors has determined that the company required a new external profile and is confident that Pierre-Antoine will bring a fresh perspective to Worldline. His priorities will include transforming the company's performance  enhancing the client experience  and strengthening the talent pool and the company's culture.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThe Board of Directors extends its heartfelt thanks to Marc-Henri for his contributions to the development of Worldline during his tenure as Deputy CEO and ad interim CEO. His steady leadership since October 2024 has been invaluable and reflecting his unwavering commitment to the company's success  he will ensure a seamless transition to Pierre-Antoine.AdvertisementWilfried Verstraete  Chairman of Worldline's Board  stated: ""Pierre-Antoine is a strategic executive with profound industry expertise. His deep understanding of global markets and proven ability to deliver results in challenging environments make him an ideal leader for Worldline. His passion for technology  commitment to positive transformation  and assured leadership and focus on performance and delivery are invaluable assets. We anticipate that under his leadership  Worldline will strengthen its position as a frontrunner in payment technology and drive sustainable value creation.”Pierre-Antoine Vacheron commented: ""I am thrilled to take the leadership of Worldline at this important moment for the company. Worldline has the size and breadth of expertise to be at the forefront of an ever-changing payments industry. I am eager to bring my expertise in integration and transformational changes in international contexts to make it happen  within the framework of a strategic plan that we will craft together with the Board of Directors. I look forward to working closely with our teams  customers and partners to build trust  foster growth  and create value for all our stakeholders.FY 2024 Financial results will be made available on February 26th  2025 and followed by a webcast. All information will be available on the Company's website (www.worldline.com).Biography :AdvertisementPierre-Antoine VacheronPierre-Antoine Vacheron brings 30 years of extensive international and transformational experience as CEO and CFO within the banking  retail and payments industries.Pierre-Antoine joins Worldline from BPCE Payments  the payments arm of Groupe BPCE  Europe's fifth-largest retail bank  where he has served as CEO since 2018  making Payments a strategic business for the entire banking group.Over his tenure  Pierre-Antoine Vacheron leveraged his focus on product innovation  technology and customer excellence to shape a highly competitive and modern payments player in card and account-to-account processing (BPCE Payments services)  omnichannel commerce (Payplug) and bank as a service (Xpollens).AdvertisementBefore BPCE  Pierre-Antoine Vacheron headed the Merchant Services and Acquiring division of Ingenico Group globally. During this period (2009-2017)  he notably oversaw the company's diversification  contributing to transforming Ingenico  then hardware oriented  into a leading payment services provider  with the strategic acquisitions of Ogone and Global Collect.After graduating from the Ecole Nationale d'Administration  Pierre-Antoine Vacheron held financial leadership roles in international and listed companies  across technological (Airbus  Alstom) and retail (Etam) industries  demonstrating his breadth of expertise in finance  operations and technology.FORTHCOMING EVENTSFebruary 26  2025 FY 2024 resultsApril 23  2025 Q1 2025 revenueJune 5  2025 Annual General Meeting July 30  2025 H1 2025 resultsAdvertisementLaurent MarieE [email protected]Peter FarrenE [email protected]AdvertisementGuillaume DelaunayE [email protected]COMMUNICATIONSandrine van der GhinstAdvertisementE [email protected]Hélène CarlanderE [email protected]ABOUT WORLDLINEWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey - quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.6 billion euros revenue in 2023. worldline.comWorldline's corporate purpose (""raison d'être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.94,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Governance evolution', 'Worldline', 'H1 2025 results Advertisement Laurent Marie', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'leading payment services provider', 'La Défense', 'new external profile', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'FY 2024 Financial results', 'modern payments player', 'hardware-oriented payments processor', 'changing payments industry', 'Global Merchant Services', 'sustainable value creation', 'financial leadership roles', 'profound industry expertise', 'entire banking group', 'excellent customer service', 'ad interim CEO', 'BPCE Payments services', 'largest retail bank', 'FY 2024 results', 'strategic executive', 'payment technology', 'banking industries', 'customer excellence', 'global markets', 'Global Collect', 'The Board', 'Natixis Payments', 'payments industries', 'payments arm', 'March 1st', 'transformational experience', 'product innovation', 'account processing', 'omnichannel commerce', 'Acquiring division', 'fresh perspective', 'client experience', 'talent pool', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'heartfelt thanks', 'seamless transition', 'Wilfried Verstraete', 'deep understanding', 'proven ability', 'challenging environments', 'positive transformation', 'invaluable assets', 'important moment', 'transformational changes', 'strategic plan', 'strategic business', 'strategic acquisitions', 'listed companies', 'Etam) industries', 'FORTHCOMING EVENTS', 'Q1 2025 revenue', 'Peter Farren', 'extensive international', 'international contexts', 'February 25th', 'February 26th', 'steady leadership', 'Groupe BPCE', 'Pierre-Antoine Vacheron', 'Marc-Henri Desportes', 'Ingenico Group', 'Deputy CEO', 'unwavering commitment', 'Worldline', 'Paris', 'Directors', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'October', '30 years', 'CFO', 'tenure', 'competitive', 'card', 'period', 'diversification', 'company', 'priorities', 'performance', 'culture', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'contributions', 'development', 'success', 'Chairman', 'passion', 'focus', 'delivery', 'position', 'frontrunner', 'size', 'breadth', 'forefront', 'integration', 'framework', 'teams', 'customers', 'partners', 'trust', 'growth', 'stakeholders', 'webcast', 'information', 'website', 'Biography', 'Europe', 'fifth', 'Payplug', 'Xpollens', 'Ogone', 'Administration', 'technological', 'Airbus', 'Alstom', 'finance', 'operations', 'April', 'June']",2025-02-26,2025-02-25,manilatimes.net
49041,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/iba-jabil-sign-contract-install-170000288.html,IBA and Jabil sign contract to install a Be-Wide X-ray solution in Mississippi  USA,IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and electron beam and X-ray solutions for industrial irradiation  and Jabil Inc. a global leader in engineering ,IBA SALouvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  February 25  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and electron beam and X-ray solutions for industrial irradiation  and Jabil Inc. a global leader in engineering  manufacturing  and supply chain solutions  announced today they have signed a contract for the installation of a Be-Wide X-ray solution in a greenfield site in Byhalia  Mississippi  USA  to expand Jabil’s sterilization capabilities.The Be Wide X-ray solution  powered by IBA’s Rhodotron® accelerator  will enhance Jabil's portfolio  offering advanced high-scale sterilization technology for a diverse range of medical devices. It includes a full-size pallet conveyor  Beagle production line control system  and Building Safety System.Jabil went on to state that this investment in IBA’s Be Wide solution and their global network ensures efficiency  reliability  and scalability to meet global customer needs while maintaining high safety and compliance standards. It will allow them to support large-scale production with global capacity  quality  and integrated capabilities  including sterilization cycle documentation  logistics  and procurement.Construction of the new Jabil facility is expected to be completed during the second half of 2026 and they expect full operational capability of the Be Wide solution in late 2027. IBA will install and test the system  as well as train Jabil’s team.Mike Mahaz  Senior Vice President of Healthcare Division at Jabil  commented:” Jabil is pleased to partner with IBA to expand our sterilization services with industrial X-ray irradiation  strategically located near Memphis. IBA’s expertise ensures our X-ray services will operate with the utmost care and quality.”Thomas Servais  President of IBA Industrial Solutions  added: “We are proud to support Jabil Healthcare on this transformative step. Our Be Wide X-ray Solution not only expands their global sterilization capabilities but also ensures they have the latest in scalable irradiation processing for a complete range of products  meeting the growing demands of the medical device industry.”The typical price for a Be Wide X-ray solution with customization ranges from EUR 16 million to EUR 19 million  depending on the configuration and options.***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 000 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.Story continues,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.58,0.42,0.0,True,English,"['Be-Wide X-ray solution', 'IBA', 'Jabil', 'contract', 'Mississippi', 'USA', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'Beagle production line control system', 'The Be Wide X-ray solution', 'advanced high-scale sterilization technology', 'Be Wide solution', 'Be-Wide X-ray solution', 'particle accelerator technology', 'full-size pallet conveyor', 'full operational capability', 'supply chain solutions', 'sterilization cycle documentation', 'scalable irradiation processing', 'Building Safety System', 'medical device industry', 'global customer needs', 'industrial X-ray irradiation', 'Senior Vice President', 'new Jabil facility', 'global sterilization capabilities', 'IBA Industrial Solutions', 'electron beam', 'X-ray solutions', 'large-scale production', 'industrial irradiation', 'industrial sterilization', 'advanced form', 'X-ray services', 'Rhodotron® accelerator', 'medical devices', 'high safety', 'global leader', 'global network', 'global capacity', 'integrated capabilities', 'sterilization services', 'world leader', 'greenfield site', 'diverse range', 'compliance standards', 'second half', 'Mike Mahaz', 'Healthcare Division', 'utmost care', 'Thomas Servais', 'transformative step', 'complete range', 'growing demands', 'typical price', 'customization ranges', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'radiation therapy', 'B Corporation', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'Jabil Inc.', 'Jabil Healthcare', 'IBA SA', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'February', 'EURONEXT', 'engineering', 'manufacturing', 'contract', 'installation', 'Byhalia', 'Mississippi', 'USA', 'portfolio', 'investment', 'efficiency', 'reliability', 'scalability', 'quality', 'logistics', 'procurement', 'Construction', 'late', 'team', 'Memphis', 'expertise', 'products', 'configuration', 'options', 'ENDS', 'company', 'equipment', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2,000 people', 'social', 'Story']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,uk.finance.yahoo.com
49042,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/02/25/van-eck-associates-corp-has-27000-position-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Van ECK Associates Corp Has $27 000 Position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Van ECK Associates Corp grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 105.4% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.,Van ECK Associates Corp grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 105.4% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 152 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 78 shares during the period. Van ECK Associates Corp’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $27 000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. increased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 157.1% in the fourth quarter. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. now owns 144 shares of the company’s stock valued at $25 000 after acquiring an additional 88 shares during the period. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. increased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 79.1% in the third quarter. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 163 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29 000 after acquiring an additional 72 shares during the period. Truvestments Capital LLC bought a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the third quarter valued at about $29 000. Bristlecone Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the third quarter valued at about $33 000. Finally  Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. increased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 146.7% in the third quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. now owns 185 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33 000 after acquiring an additional 110 shares during the period.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 0.1 %Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock opened at $179.97 on Tuesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $60.28 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 1-year low of $158.83 and a 1-year high of $188.16. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $178.90 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $178.65.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Van ECK Associates Corp', '$27,000 Position', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc.', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', '50-day moving average price', 'Van ECK Associates Corp', 'GHP Investment Advisors Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Bristlecone Advisors LLC', 'other large investors', 'Truvestments Capital LLC', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'other hedge funds', 'concise daily summary', 'latest 13F filings', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'fourth quarter', 'recent disclosure', 'recent filing', 'third quarter', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'financial companies', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'additional 78 shares', 'additional 88 shares', 'additional 72 shares', 'additional 110 shares', 'new stake', '152 shares', '144 shares', '163 shares', '185 shares', 'SEC', 'period', 'holdings', 'number', 'changes', 'positions', 'Tuesday', 'beta', 'firm', 'transportation']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,etfdailynews.com
49043,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/25/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/onward-medical-announces-publication-of-one-year-study-showing-benefit-of-sustained-access-to-arc-ex-therapy/2061799,ONWARD Medical Announces Publication of One-Year Study Showing Benefit of Sustained Access to ARC-EX Therapy,The peer-reviewed paper details findings from a one-year trial demonstrating that ONWARD ARC-EX Therapy combined with activity-based rehabilitation delivered significant functional improvements when administered to people with SCI in community-based rehabilitation centers.,"Study shows significant functional improvements after one year of ARC-EX TherapyImprovements were observed throughout one-year treatment period with no plateauResults demonstrate the importance of sustained access to ARC-EX TherapyEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  Feb. 25  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and other movement disabilities  today announces the publication of positive results from the investigator-sponsored Pathfinder2 Study in Neuromodulation: Technology at Neural Interface.The peer-reviewed paper details findings from a one-year trial demonstrating that ONWARD ARC-EX Therapy combined with activity-based rehabilitation delivered significant functional improvements when administered to people with SCI in community-based rehabilitation centers.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy""The Pathfinder2 results published today in Neuromodulation demonstrate people with SCI can make continued gains with sustained access to ARC-EX Therapy "" said Dave Marver  CEO ONWARD Medical. ""Congratulations to the team at Neurokinex for showing ARC-EX Therapy can help people with SCI drive functional recovery without plateau during a one-year treatment period.""The study  sponsored by UK-based Spinal Research  and independently conducted by Neurokinex at its network of community-based rehabilitation centers  enrolled 10 participants with chronic cervical or thoracic SCI. Participants experienced gains in upper body strength  trunk control  and balance  without any indication of plateau in therapeutic benefit after one year of treatment. Some participants also improved lower body movement and enhanced hand and arm strength  especially in grip and dexterity.*Advertisement""It's now time to stop talking about spinal cord injury as being incurable and to start talking about it as improvable "" said Tara Stewart  Chair Spinal Research. ""This breakthrough device demonstrates that function can be restored. With proper investment in spinal cord research  we can accelerate progress toward meaningful treatments for paralysis. The science shows promise - what we need now is the funding to advance this critical work.""Additionally  3 participants improved their American Spinal Injury Association Impairment Scale (AIS) classification  and 4 demonstrated changes in their neurological level of injury  including a participant who moved from complete to incomplete SCI. These findings reinforce the long-term benefits of continued access to ARC-EX Therapy and suggest further gains may be achievable with extended treatment.""This peer-reviewed publication validates that ONWARD ARC-EX Therapy combined with activity-based rehabilitation can be safely and effectively delivered in community settings "" said Jenny Suggitt  MSc  OTR/L  Lead Investigator of Pathfinder2. ""Most importantly  participants continued to show improvements throughout 120 treatment sessions over a one-year period  suggesting there is potential for further recovery with extended treatment.""""I'm hugely encouraged by the positive outcomes of the Pathfinder2 study and believe ARC-EX Therapy will enable us to deliver even greater gains for people living with a spinal cord injury ” said Harvey Sihota  founder and CEO of Neurokinex. ""There is no doubt that spinal stimulation technologies will take spinal cord injury rehab and outcomes to the next level bringing even more meaningful functional improvements that offer people greater independence.""AdvertisementIn December 2024  the ONWARD ARC-EX System® was approved by the US FDA for use in clinic settings. Home use authorization is anticipated later this year. The Company plans to seek CE Mark certification to commercialize the ARC-EX System in Europe in 2025.ONWARD Medical is developing a pipeline of technologies  including its investigational implantable ARC-IM System and its investigational ARC-BCI System  an implanted platform that uses a brain-computer interface (BCI) powered by artificial intelligence (AI). To learn more about ONWARD Medical's commitment to partnering with the SCI Community to develop innovative solutions for restoring movement  function  and independence after spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.To be kept informed about the Company's technologies  research studies  and the availability of therapies in your area  please complete this webform.About ONWARD MedicalAdvertisementONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with SCI and other movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of scientific discovery  preclinical research  and clinical studies conducted at leading hospitals  rehabilitation clinics  and neuroscience laboratories  the Company has developed ARC Therapy  which has been awarded ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). In addition to the ARC-EX System  which is now cleared for commercial sale in the US  the Company is developing an implantable system called ARC-IM with and without an implanted brain-computer interface (BCI).Headquartered in the Netherlands  the Company has a Science and Engineering Center in Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  Brussels  and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.To be kept informed about the Company's technologies  research studies  and the availability of therapies in your area  please complete this webform.AdvertisementFor Media Inquiries:[email protected]For Investor Inquiries:[email protected]AdvertisementDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  delays in regulatory approvals  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.*ARC-EX Indication for Use (US): The ARC-EX System is intended to deliver programmed  transcutaneous electrical spinal cord stimulation in conjunction with functional task practice in the clinic to improve hand sensation and strength in individuals between 18 and 75 years old that present with a chronic  non-progressive neurological deficit resulting from an incomplete spinal cord injury (C2-C8 inclusive).Other Investigational Products: All other ONWARD Medical devices and therapies including ARC-IM and ARC-BCI are investigational and not available for commercial use.AdvertisementTrademarks: ONWARD  ARC-EX  ARC-IM  ARC-BCI  and the stylized O-Logo are proprietary and registered trademarks of ONWARD Medical. Unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.19,0.23,True,English,"['ONWARD Medical', 'One-Year Study', 'Sustained Access', 'ARC-EX Therapy', 'Publication', 'Benefit', 'American Spinal Injury Association Impairment Scale', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'investigational implantable ARC-IM System', 'spinal cord injury rehab', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord research', 'investigational ARC-BCI System', 'spinal stimulation technologies', 'UK-based Spinal Research', 'Chair Spinal Research', 'CE Mark certification', 'upper body strength', 'community-based rehabilitation centers', 'other movement disabilities', 'lower body movement', 'Home use authorization', 'significant functional improvements', 'ONWARD ARC-EX System®', 'The Pathfinder2 results', 'meaningful functional improvements', 'investigator-sponsored Pathfinder2 Study', 'one-year treatment period', 'ONWARD ARC-EX Therapy', 'medical technology company', 'innovative solutions', 'The Company', 'one-year period', 'research studies', 'preclinical research', 'one-year trial', 'arm strength', 'meaningful treatments', 'activity-based rehabilitation', 'rehabilitation clinics', 'functional recovery', 'extended treatment', '120 treatment sessions', 'one year', 'sustained access', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'positive results', 'Neural Interface', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Dave Marver', 'chronic cervical', 'trunk control', 'therapeutic benefit', 'Tara Stewart', 'breakthrough device', 'proper investment', 'critical work', 'AIS) classification', 'neurological level', 'long-term benefits', 'continued access', 'community settings', 'Jenny Suggitt', 'Lead Investigator', 'Harvey Sihota', 'next level', 'US FDA', 'clinic settings', 'brain-computer interface', 'artificial intelligence', 'a decade', 'scientific discovery', 'clinical studies', 'leading hospitals', 'neuroscience laboratories', 'continued gains', 'peer-reviewed publication', 'positive outcomes', 'greater gains', 'thoracic SCI', 'incomplete SCI', 'SCI Community', 'greater independence', 'plateau', 'importance', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'people', 'Neuromodulation', 'paper', 'findings', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'CEO', 'Congratulations', 'team', 'Neurokinex', 'network', '10 participants', 'balance', 'indication', 'hand', 'grip', 'dexterity', 'Advertisement', 'progress', 'paralysis', 'promise', 'funding', '3 participants', 'changes', 'MSc', 'OTR/L', 'potential', 'founder', 'doubt', 'December', 'Europe', 'pipeline', 'platform', 'commitment', 'availability', 'area', 'webform', '4']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,manilatimes.net
49044,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-syst-mes-announces-centric-060000478.html,Dassault Systèmes Announces Centric Software’s Acquisition of AI-Powered PXM Solution  Contentserv,Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that its subsidiary Centric Software  the Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) market leader  has signed an agreement to acquire Contentserv ,"Contentserv provides the all-in-one cloud-based platform for PIM  DAM  Content Syndication and Digital Shelf Analytics (DSA)Platform enables FMCG companies to craft and optimize product content to reduce time to market  increase product sell-through and curate personalized consumer experiencesVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France  February 25  2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that its subsidiary Centric Software  the Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) market leader  has signed an agreement to acquire Contentserv  a leading provider of product information management (PIM) and product experience management (PXM) solutions for an enterprise value of €220 million. Centric Software provides the most innovative enterprise solutions to plan  design  develop  source  price and sell products such as apparel  fashion  home  footwear  sporting goods  consumer electronics  cosmetics  food & beverage and luxury to achieve strategic and operational digital transformation goals.Founded in Germany in 2000  Contentserv enables fast-moving consumer goods and other companies to create and manage product content intuitively and effectively by means of AI to optimize consumer experiences across all digital sales channels. With Contentserv solutions  retailers  brands and manufacturers are able to execute strategies such as more or simply better product offers  regions and sales channels for increased product sell-through.With over 1600 customers in 90 countries  Contentserv users have reported ROI such as a 30% reduction in time to market  70% faster catalog creation  75% more accurate product information and increased sales channel coverage in more languages.Fashion and consumer goods brands and retailers continue to pivot around changing consumer trends and constantly evolving stock keeping units (SKUs) while also diversifying sales channels including own-stores  own e-commerce sites  marketplaces and social media. Harnessing and leveraging product information from inception through to commercialization are critical steps that not only reduce time to market  improve market success and also ensure accuracy for compliance labeling. Consumer loyalty is also increased via contextualized and personalized brand experiences.""At Contentserv  we don’t just manage product data – we transform it into seamless  high-converting product experiences that drive revenue "" explained Michael Kugler  CEO of Contentserv. ""This data flows in from multiple sources and formats and consumers expect accurate  rich and engaging product experiences  anytime  anywhere and across every conceivable channel and touchpoint. Manufacturers and retailers strive to continuously refine and optimize product presentation based on insights from consumers  competitors and marketplaces. Contentserv meets these challenges with our AI-powered Product Experience Cloud (PXC)  transforming product data into real revenue.""Story Continues",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.55,0.45,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'AI-Powered PXM Solution', 'Centric Software', 'Acquisition', 'Contentserv', 'operational digital transformation goals', 'AI-powered Product Experience Cloud', 'seamless, high-converting product experiences', 'Digital Shelf Analytics', 'product experience management', 'Dassault Systèmes', '70% faster catalog creation', 'stock keeping units', 'personalized brand experiences', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'engaging product experiences', 'personalized consumer experiences', 'product information management', 'digital sales channels', 'fast-moving consumer goods', 'one cloud-based platform', 'subsidiary Centric Software', 'sales channel coverage', 'innovative enterprise solutions', 'accurate product information', 'PLM) market leader', 'consumer goods brands', 'sporting goods', 'product content', 'product offers', 'product sell-through', 'product presentation', 'enterprise value', 'accurate, rich', 'conceivable channel', 'consumer electronics', 'consumer trends', 'Consumer loyalty', 'PXM) solutions', 'product data', 'Content Syndication', 'FMCG companies', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading provider', 'other companies', 'social media', 'critical steps', 'compliance labeling', 'Michael Kugler', 'multiple sources', 'market success', 'Contentserv solutions', 'real revenue', 'Contentserv users', 'PIM', 'DAM', 'DSA', 'time', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'February', 'DSY', 'agreement', 'price', 'products', 'apparel', 'fashion', 'home', 'footwear', 'cosmetics', 'food', 'beverage', 'luxury', 'strategic', 'Germany', 'means', 'retailers', 'manufacturers', 'strategies', 'regions', '1600 customers', '90 countries', 'ROI', '30% reduction', 'languages', 'SKUs', 'stores', 'marketplaces', 'inception', 'commercialization', 'accuracy', 'contextualized', 'CEO', 'formats', 'consumers', 'touchpoint', 'insights', 'competitors', 'challenges', 'PXC', 'Story']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,finance.yahoo.com
49045,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.vccircle.com/convergentbacked-camlin-fine-sciences-to-buy-french-firm-vinpai,Convergent-backed Camlin Fine Sciences to buy French firm Vinpai,Mumbai-based specialty chemicals company Camlin Fine Sciences Ltd  which counts private equity firm Convergent Finance,Convergent-backed Camlin Fine Sciences to buy French firm VinpaiAshish Dandekar  chairman and managing director  Camlin Fine SciencesMumbai-based specialty chemicals company Camlin Fine Sciences Ltd  which counts private equity firm Convergent Finance and Belgium-based investment firm Ackermans & van Haaren as its investors  is acquiring a majority stake in French company Vinpai SA.Camlin said Tuesday it is acquiring around 79% of Vinpai  which designs  manufactures and markets algae- and plant-based functional ingredients for the food and cosmetics industries  from its key shareholders  including the founders.Additionally  Camlin will subscribe to convertible bonds worth €3.3 million (around $3.46 million or Rs 31.5 crore) to support Vinpai’s business. Once the acquisition is complete  these bonds will convert into shares  and Camlin will come up with a simplified cash offer for the remaining shares as part of the agreement.AdvertisementThe acquisition comes about one-and-a-half years after Vinpai floated its initial public offering and listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris in July 2023. The company then commanded a market capitalisation of about €22 million  based on the IPO price of €6.55 per share. However  its shares have almost halved since then. Camlin’s offer values Vinpai around €12 million.“By joining forces with Camlin  a rapidly expanding Indian group with global reach  Vinpai would be able to leverage its commercial strength. The complementary nature of our two entities would accelerate the deployment of Vinpai’s natural solutions throughout the world ” Vinpai co-founders Cyrille Damany and Philippe Le Ray said in a joint statement. Damany is also the chairman of Vinpai’s board of directors while Le Ray is its chief executive officer.Camlin chairman and managing director Ashish Dandekar said that the synergy between Vinpai’s R&D capabilities  its product range and the Indian company’s expertise promises to enrich its product offerings  fostering innovation and bolstering its competitiveness in the global market.AdvertisementCamlin's main products include antioxidants for food preservation  specialty chemicals for industrial applications  and vanillin  which provides the taste and aroma of vanilla.“This strategic move leads CFS into a newer product range in the natural space  opens up exciting markets and also leverages the expansion of its revenues and margins ” Dandekar added.Dandekar had teamed up with Convergent and Ackermans & van Haaren in October 2022 to make an open offer for Camlin. Following the open offer  which concluded in September 2023  Ackermans & van Haaren  Convergent and Dandekar held a cumulative 48% stake in the company. Convergent  led by former Fairfax India executive Harsha Raghavan  currently owns a 22.88% stake in Camlin while the Belgian company owns 9.03%  stock-exchange data show.AdvertisementShare article on Leave Your Comments,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Convergent-backed Camlin Fine Sciences', 'French firm', 'Vinpai', 'former Fairfax India executive', 'Convergent-backed Camlin Fine Sciences', 'Camlin Fine Sciences Ltd', 'Mumbai-based specialty chemicals company', 'chief executive officer', 'plant-based functional ingredients', 'initial public offering', 'R&D capabilities', '9.03%, stock-exchange data show', 'private equity firm', 'Belgium-based investment firm', 'expanding Indian group', 'Euronext Growth market', 'simplified cash offer', 'Philippe Le Ray', 'newer product range', 'French firm', 'Indian company', 'market capitalisation', 'product offerings', 'global market', 'offer values', 'open offer', 'managing director', 'van Haaren', 'French company', 'cosmetics industries', 'key shareholders', 'IPO price', 'global reach', 'commercial strength', 'complementary nature', 'two entities', 'natural solutions', 'joint statement', 'expertise promises', 'main products', 'industrial applications', 'strategic move', 'natural space', 'Harsha Raghavan', 'Belgian company', 'majority stake', 'cumulative 48% stake', 'convertible bonds', 'Cyrille Damany', 'food preservation', 'exciting markets', 'Ashish Dandekar', 'remaining shares', 'Convergent Finance', 'Vinpai SA', 'Camlin chairman', '22.88% stake', 'Ackermans', 'investors', 'manufactures', 'founders', 'business', 'acquisition', 'part', 'agreement', 'Advertisement', 'Paris', 'July', 'forces', 'deployment', 'world', 'board', 'directors', 'synergy', 'innovation', 'competitiveness', 'antioxidants', 'vanillin', 'taste', 'aroma', 'vanilla', 'CFS', 'expansion', 'revenues', 'margins', 'October', 'September', 'article', 'Comments']",2025-02-25,2025-02-25,vccircle.com
