UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49152,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2025/03/coffee-break-across-the-pond.html,Coffee Break: Across the Pond,Our first UK/Europe-focused Coffee Break  which examines Europe’s self-inflected energy cost uncompetitiveness,A weekly roundup of the things happening in Europe that they don’t like to talk aboutBulgarians are protesting against the forced adoption of the Euro: People in Europe are slowly coming out against the EU.The leading candidate in the first presidential round of the cancelled Romanian election has been arrested as he travelled to submit his candidacy in the election re-run  where he is the current favorite. The so called ‘hard-right TikTok messiah’  Călin Georgescu’s vision of neutrality and working with all parties was deemed contrary to European ideals and so they had him labelled as an anti-European Russian apologist. Subsequently  the election was cancelled on the orders of the EU commission (who also said they’d do it in Germany too if the electorate didn’t deliver the right result) on the spurious grounds that Russia had interfered with the election because of a Tik-Tok based digital campaign. This campaign had nothing whatsoever to do with Russia and neither did it have anything to do with Călin Georgescu himself (who said that he doesn’t even use Tik-Tok)  in fact it was the work of the current Romanian ruling party themselves  but the European Court of Human rights refused to overturn the decision of the Romanian Constitutional Court (the judges there being political appointees put in place by the current ruling party).Even the runner up in the cancelled election has come out against the ruling: “Today  the Romanian State has brought democracy to its knees ” said Elena Lasconi  “The economy is collapsing  democracy is being destroyed and the country is heading for anarchy.” And now Musk has weighed in (in case you are having trouble accessing the site via that link then try this one).Don’t forget: All of this is because Georgescu is against building Europe’s largest NATO base in Romania  thus making his country the primary target in any conflict with Russia.Plus Ça Change  Plus C’est La Même Chose: After the collapse of the inept ‘Traffic Light Coalition’ led by Olaf Scholtz  the Germans went to the polls to elect a new government. Turnout was high (>80%) buoyed up by a fearful electorate that were desperate for a change. As the results came in commentators were juggling party numbers in order to form a coalition.It was all about the numbers needed to ensure that the AfD didn’t become part of the government. The ruling elites did everything just short of banning the party (it came close) to intimidate them but still they retained their popularity. Alice Weidel  the AfD leader  didn’t come across as particularly radical in her interview with Elon Musk  in fact her policies came close to what the CDU’s should have been. The end result of all this anti-AfD skullduggery  including ensuring that the breakaway (from Die Linke) BSW was deprived of publicity and a debate platform (and possibly a Bundestag seat – they got around 4.97% of the vote and needed 5% to get a seat)  is that the very same people who the electorate thought they’d voted out have just come back in again  only with a different figurehead.In order to understand why the AfD is regarded as a Neo-Nazi party we need to look at the electoral map  together with a map of Germany to provide bearings.The AfD’s heartland is the old East Germany (minus Berlin and Leipzig). The area has never caught up economically since reunification and a lot of violent Neo Nazi groups took root there  causing a significant rise in heavy handed police and state repression.So what concerns the German elites isn’t the party itself  but their supporters. And no doubt some of them are fascists but there are an awful lot of people there that are not and they’re demanding change. As it happens  the AfD has now become the official opposition  which means that not only are they difficult to ban  but they can sit back and watch as the rickety coalition  based on numbers rather than a meeting of minds over ideological differences  falls apart. If you want to find out more about conditions within Germany then listen to this podcast hosted by Peter Lavell at RT and to understand more about the parties  then watch this video by the Duran (Note: it is long but thorough).Now You Can Repay Us For The War We Started: The minerals deal in the Ukraine  which is really just a heads of agreement (full text)  is close to being signed after pressure was put on Zelenskyy to heal the rift with Trump (this was first written before that Press Conference). Leaving aside the fact that the country will have few to no assets left fully under its own control to allow for economic reconstruction – especially given that outside Investors and local Oligarchs already own a great deal of the best farmland  its prime resource accounting for 40% of its exports – the deal still may not be as good as it seems for the US. For a start  the rare earth deposits are not there in viable quantities  many of them lie under areas controlled by Russia and the French also want them. But the most glaring problem of all is the legality of any document signed by an illegitimate President  who has already served out his term and currently rules under martial law.And does anyone believe for one second that the Russians would let the US take effective control of Odessa?European and US Energy prices: You can get a quick snapshot of the competitiveness of an economy by looking at their energy prices – for example look at what Britain charges its Industrial users for Electricity. Many of the disparities between the prices are due to tax policies  such as Net Zero adjustments and to pay green subsidies. And there are various other local factors; for example  the price of Diesel in the UK was the result of a decision by the government to discourage its use – after previously promoting it as a better choice than gasoline because you get more miles per gallon with a diesel engine  classic bait and switch.The lower prices of electricity in France are due to their extensive use of nuclear power. It is expected that electricity prices will start to rise there due to the price of raw uranium increasing after they were ejected from Niger (they used to pay around 90c per pound from their mines in Niger  the current spot price of yellowcake uranium is $56.48 per pound) and maintenance issues across their reactor fleet due to their age.The following are all in $US and represent the average price  so the actual pump prices may differ depending on the locality within the country.Speaking of energy  the Baltic minnows (Estonia  Latvia and Lithuania)  decided to disconnect their electricity grid from the Russian grid. Russia supplied the base load supplies (to help with peak demand) and to synchronize the frequency. They have  instead  connected to the European system. The changeover event was the subject of a rather surreal video featuring Ursula von der Leyen.What happened next was a surprise for nobody  except the EU apparently (or maybe they just don’t care  the narrative is more important than the grim realities in the EU) – Price explosion in the Baltics after disconnection from the Russian grid. The wholesale MWh prices increased dramatically immediately after the changeover as you can see from the table below. The thick line marks the transition.And they’re still rising. The knock-on effects could be seen almost immediately  with Estonian businesses being forced to shut. The biggest user of electricity in Estonia  the Estonian Cell pulp mill in Kunda  has ceased operating due to surging electricity costs (they ought to move to Russia  it’s not far and the feedstock they use – wood – is cheaper there). Meanwhile  people living the European dream in the Baltics are stocking up on candles.Ursula made a big deal that the changeover was due to Russian energy blackmail. Which  if it were true  may be grounds for the severing of ties  but is it? Back in the early days of the Special Military Operation  there were two separate strands of dual pipelines that went under the Baltic Sea connecting Germany to the Russian gas fields: Nordstream 1 and Nordstream 2. Nordsteam 1  the older of the two  was already pumping gas but Nordstream 2  although filled with gas  needed German official authorization to start operations.Under intense pressure from the Biden administration  the German government refused to let it start. So only Nordstream 1 was de jure but not de facto capable of supplying the gas Europe desperately needed.The problems were compounded when Europe  under pressure from Janet Yellen  decided to confiscate all of the Russian assets currently residing in Euroclear. These assets  over $300 billion worth  were mainly payments for previous deliveries of gas and other commodities.What made it worse was that every time the Russians were paid in dollars they were seized  which meant Russia was supplying gas for free.Understandably miffed  the Russians stated that in future they wanted to be paid in rubles  since that was the only way left to be paid at all. This became blackmail point number one: The Russians are deliberately holding up deliveries of gas with impossible demands.Blackmail point number two came when the turbines that supplied the pipelines were due for scheduled maintenance. These turbines were made by a division of a British Company  Rolls Royce  which was subsequently taken over by a German company  Siemens. Even though they were built in Britain they were serviced in Canada and the Canadians simply refused to hand them back after the service due to sanctions. In the end a workaround was conceived  between Germany and Canada  whereby the turbines were delivered to Germany and they were to forward them to Russia. The problem was that from the Russian viewpoint the paperwork wasn’t correct; meaning they were shipped with a dubious chain of custody and so the Russians wouldn’t accept them. Remember  they suffered the experience of the CIA sabotaging exactly this type of turbine in Siberia back in 1982 (using technology they supplied via Canada)  leading to a massive explosion that was visible from space. And the CIA may even be linked to this pipeline explosion that killed 575 people (181 children) and injured over 800 more. So  they have a right to be cautious.Then there were the breakdowns  which caused further outages  such as an oil leak on one of the turbines  which caused Gazprom to reduce the supply further. The Europeans said that the leak was no big deal but the Russians  understandably  were concerned that the loss of lubricating oil could cause the turbine to seize and catch fire: something you REALLY don’t want on a major gas pipeline. And the EU megaphoned that it was yet more confirmation that Russia was trying to hurt the European economy by reducing the gas supply.This is Putin’s rather tart reply to the accusations.You can read a full report on the Nord Stream turbine saga here.As a bit of background  Deutsche Welle  the venerable public broadcaster in Germany produced an English language podcast back in 2022 on how Germany would cope without Russian gas. It’s worth a listen if you’ve got an hour to spare as it confirms that the elites knew the problems the disconnect from Russia would cause but they went ahead anyway.What’s Happening With The Italian Grimaldi Shipping Company as it suffers its 6th serious fire on board one of its vessels in the last few years?What Made the British Establishment So Angry at Leaving the EU? This is a bit dated (it was Margaret Thatcher’s favorite TV program)  but as Sir Humphrey Appleby  the deep state civil servant  said  the policies have been successfully used over the last 500 years  so why stop now. And so  they never did.And now consider how the UK is playing the EU off against Russia.Prepare Yourself For A Shock According to a newly declassified report  produced by the Institute for Defense Analyses for the US Defense Department  Israel really does have nuclear weapons. Will the release of this report affect the possible resumption of talks on the Iran JCPOA (Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action) aka The Iran Nuclear Deal?Why Is Putin So Popular in Russia? Even though he has obviously failed to become a proper dictator (Golden Rule: you only need to be elected once)  he still enjoys popular support that Western politicians can only dream of:It just might have something to do with this; where  he arranged  through his presidential fund  for talented young musicians to study away from the horrors of the war in the Donbass and then ended up on the docket at the ICC.You can read the full story here.Or possibly this: where he drove himself around Mariupol  a short time after the Neo-Nazi Azov battalion  who had terrorized the city for 10 years  were defeated to see how the reconstruction was going. As a matter of interest; many of the civilian construction workers there were from the DPRK – so there really were North Koreans near the front lines in Russia.Or it could have been this: where a little girl lined up for hours to see Putin when he visited Dagestan and ended up not seeing him. So…Then again  it could be this:Compared to:If you want to know how this manifests itself in terms of the actual cost of living in the two premier (and most expensive) cities: here are the up to date numbers on the cost of living in New York Versus Moscow. The tool on the website can be manipulated to compare less costly cities (even in other countries) to provide you with a fuller picture.As a quick snapshot: according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics  the monthly recommended minimum amount of money for food per person per month in the US is $504 and in Russia it is $178.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.08,0.16,0.75,True,English,"['Coffee Break', 'Pond', 'violent Neo Nazi groups', 'inept ‘Traffic Light Coalition', 'Tik-Tok based digital campaign', 'current Romanian ruling party', 'first presidential round', 'anti-European Russian apologist', 'largest NATO base', 'heavy handed police', 'rare earth deposits', 'Călin Georgescu', 'Romanian Constitutional Court', 'current ruling party', 'old East Germany', 'current favorite', 'Romanian State', 'European Court', 'ruling elites', 'rickety coalition', 'Neo-Nazi party', 'weekly roundup', 'forced adoption', 'leading candidate', 'TikTok messiah', 'European ideals', 'right result', 'spurious grounds', 'Human rights', 'political appointees', 'Elena Lasconi', 'primary target', 'Olaf Scholtz', 'Alice Weidel', 'end result', 'anti-AfD skullduggery', 'Die Linke', 'debate platform', 'different figurehead', 'significant rise', 'state repression', 'German elites', 'official opposition', 'ideological differences', 'Peter Lavell', 'full text', 'Press Conference', 'economic reconstruction', 'local Oligarchs', 'best farmland', 'prime resource', 'viable quantities', 'glaring problem', 'illegitimate President', 'Romanian election', 'minerals deal', 'great deal', 'EU commission', 'new government', 'party numbers', 'Elon Musk', 'Bundestag seat', 'electoral map', 'awful lot', 'AfD leader', 'The AfD', 'fearful electorate', 'same people', 'things', 'Bulgarians', 'candidacy', 'vision', 'neutrality', 'parties', 'orders', 'fact', 'work', 'decision', 'judges', 'place', 'runner', 'democracy', 'knees', 'economy', 'country', 'anarchy', 'case', 'site', 'conflict', 'Change', 'Chose', 'collapse', 'Germans', 'polls', 'Turnout', 'results', 'commentators', 'everything', 'popularity', 'interview', 'policies', 'CDU', 'breakaway', 'BSW', 'publicity', 'vote', 'bearings', 'heartland', 'Berlin', 'Leipzig', 'area', 'reunification', 'root', 'supporters', 'doubt', 'fascists', 'meeting', 'minds', 'conditions', 'podcast', 'video', 'Duran', 'Note', 'War', 'Ukraine', 'heads', 'agreement', 'pressure', 'Zelenskyy', 'rift', 'Trump', 'assets', 'control', 'outside', 'Investors', 'exports', 'start', 'French', 'legality', 'document']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,nakedcapitalism.com
49153,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.theglobeandmail.com/world/article-trump-us-ukraine-military-aid-europe-defence-spending/,Europe scrambles to boost defence spending after Donald Trump halts crucial weapons shipments to Ukraine,The moves are meant to allow Ukraine to continue its fight against Russia without the United States’ support  but experts are divided on how effective they’ll be,Open this photo in gallery: European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen delivers a statement on plans to strengthen the European defence industry and the EU's military capabilities  in Brussels  on March 4.Yves Herman/ReutersDonald Trump’s suspension of weapons delivery to Ukraine has sent the European Union rushing to find ways to bolster Kyiv’s military capabilities  and their own  as the Ukrainian president tried to make amends with its key ally the United States.Ursula von der Leyen  president of the European Commission  on Tuesday proposed a defence procurement loan to member states worth €150-billion. At the same time  she said the EC could change the EU fiscal rules to allow the states to boost defence spending without incurring sanctions for exceeding set debt levels. The procurement loans  plus the fiscal leeway  could boost military spending by €800-billion  she said.“A new era is upon us ” she told EU leaders. “Europe faces a clear and present danger on a scale that none of us has seen in our adult lifetime. … We are living in the most momentous and dangerous of times.”The announcement came as Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky attempted to restore American support. U.S. President Donald Trump suspended military aid to Ukraine following a combative meeting with Mr. Zelensky at the White House on Friday  when Mr. Trump accused him of not being serious about striking a peace agreement with Russia.“I would like to reiterate Ukraine’s commitment to peace ” Mr. Zelenksy wrote in a statement on X on Tuesday. “None of us wants an endless war. Ukraine is ready to come to the negotiating table as soon as possible to bring lasting peace closer.”During the White House event  Mr. Trump and Vice-President JD Vance accused Mr. Zelensky of being ungrateful for the tens of billions of dollars in U.S. aid supplied to Kyiv since the start of Russia’s full-scale invasion more than three years ago. Mr. Trump accused Mr. Zelensky of “gambling with World War III” by not immediately opening peace negotiations with Moscow.In his statement on Tuesday  Mr. Zelensky said the meeting “did not go the way it was supposed to be. It is regrettable that it happened this way. It is time to make things right.” He added that he was ready to end the war with Russia. The opening stages could include “the release of prisoners and truce in the sky – ban on missiles  long-ranged drones  bombs on energy and other civilian infrastructure – and truce in the sea immediately  if Russia will do the same. Then we want to move very fast through all next stages and to work with the U.S. to agree a strong final deal.”While the EU’s defence procurement loans would not be specifically aimed at delivering weapons to Ukraine  Ms. von der Leyen said they would give EU countries the option of doing so. “With this equipment  member states can massively step up their support to Ukraine ” she said.Germany’s central bank  the Bundesbank  said the country should loosen constitutional borrowing limits to allow more than €200-billion of extra spending through 2030 to boost military and infrastructure projects. France is considering an extra tax on the wealthy to fund its own defence spending. The upcoming surge in spending for weapons triggered a rally in European defence stocks  which have gained about 20 per cent since Monday.Over the weekend  Mr. Zelensky and British Prime Minister Keir Starmer signed a £2.26-billion loan to bolster Ukrainian military supplies. The loan would be financed from the profits from frozen Russian assets.The fallout between Ukraine and the U.S. sent EU leaders scrambling to support Kyiv in the belief that U.S. aid for Ukraine might never return as Mr. Trump forms an apparent alliance with Russian President Vladimir Putin  to the point that Mr. Trump has accused Ukraine of starting the war.The Kremlin praised Mr. Trump’s decision to pause the weapons flow to Ukraine  suggesting the move would lure Kyiv to the negotiating table and open the door to lifting of U.S. economic sanctions on Russia. “This would probably be the best contribution to the cause of peace ” said Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov  according to RIA Novosti  Russia’s state-owned news agency.Geopolitical analysts and government and military officials were divided on Ukraine’s ability to hold the front lines as new U.S. weapons and spare parts for existing equipment such as Patriot surface-to-air missiles went missing. Some believed that Ukraine could hold out for only a few months before Kyiv fell; others thought the country could endure much longer if the EU were to offer a fresh aid package and Ukraine’s ability to pump out ever more deadly drones remained intact.“Our military and the government have the capabilities  the tools  let’s say  to maintain the situation on the frontline ” Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal told Reuters. “They are obviously not subject to disclosure. We will continue to work with the U.S. through all available channels in a calm manner.”Mr. Shmyhal added that Ukraine is still willing to sign a deal with Mr. Trump that would give the United States access to Ukraine’s minerals in exchange for military aid and security guarantees.The Financial Times of London reported this week that some EU leaders have proposed a plan that would see the EU seize frozen Russian financial assets if Moscow were to violate any ceasefire deal. The G7 countries froze some €300-billion of assets held outside of Russia shortly after the war started. About €190-billion of that amount sit in Euroclear  Belgium’s central security depository.At the moment  the income on those assets is being used to repay the G7 countries  including Canada  for the roughly US$50-billion in loans they extended to Kyiv. So far  the underlying assets themselves have been left intact.,neutral,0.02,0.53,0.45,mixed,0.1,0.33,0.57,True,English,"['crucial weapons shipments', 'defence spending', 'Donald Trump', 'Europe', 'Ukraine', 'British Prime Minister Keir Starmer', 'Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal', 'President Ursula von der Leyen', 'Ms. von der Leyen', 'U.S. President Donald Trump', 'Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'U.S. economic sanctions', 'new U.S. weapons', 'Vice-President JD Vance', 'U.S. aid', 'constitutional borrowing limits', 'state-owned news agency', 'fresh aid package', 'President Volodymyr Zelensky', 'other civilian infrastructure', 'Ukrainian military supplies', 'European defence industry', 'European defence stocks', 'White House event', 'strong final deal', 'defence procurement loans', 'World War III', 'EU fiscal rules', 'Ukrainian president', 'Mr. Shmyhal', 'new era', 'Russian assets', 'The Kremlin', 'military aid', 'fiscal leeway', 'infrastructure projects', 'defence spending', 'European Commission', 'European Union', 'Mr. Trump', 'Mr. Zelensky', 'Yves Herman/Reuters', 'weapons delivery', 'key ally', 'debt levels', 'present danger', 'adult lifetime', 'Mr. Zelenksy', 'negotiating table', 'full-scale invasion', 'opening stages', 'long-ranged drones', 'next stages', 'central bank', 'extra tax', 'upcoming surge', '20 per cent', '£2.26-billion loan', 'apparent alliance', 'weapons flow', 'best contribution', 'RIA Novosti', 'Geopolitical analysts', 'front lines', 'spare parts', 'Patriot surface', 'deadly drones', 'available channels', 'calm manner', 'military officials', 'extra spending', 'United States', 'member states', 'endless war', 'EU leaders', 'EU countries', 'military spending', 'peace agreement', 'lasting peace', 'peace negotiations', 'military capabilities', 'same time', 'American support', 'combative meeting', 'existing equipment', 'air missiles', 'photo', 'gallery', 'statement', 'plans', 'Brussels', 'March', 'suspension', 'Ukraine', 'ways', 'Kyiv', 'amends', 'Tuesday', 'clear', 'none', 'momentous', 'times', 'announcement', 'Friday', 'commitment', 'tens', 'billions', 'dollars', 'start', 'Moscow', 'things', 'release', 'prisoners', 'truce', 'bombs', 'energy', 'sea', 'option', 'Germany', 'Bundesbank', 'country', '€200-billion', 'France', 'wealthy', 'rally', 'Monday', 'weekend', 'profits', 'fallout', 'belief', 'point', 'decision', 'move', 'door', 'cause', 'government', 'ability', 'months', 'others', 'tools', 'situation', 'frontline', 'disclosure']",2025-03-04,2025-03-04,theglobeandmail.com
49154,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.ft.com/content/0ecc09d2-4dc4-4ba3-b5d7-adc6d2aa9d2b,Hong Kong targets creation of rival to Euroclear,Hong Kong authorities are pushing to create an Asian rival to Europe’s influential securities depositories  in a bid to lessen dependence on western financial infrastructure and boost global use of the renminbi.,Hong Kong authorities are pushing to create an Asian rival to Europe’s influential securities depositories  in a bid to lessen dependence on western financial infrastructure and boost global use of the renminbi.,neutral,0.0,0.91,0.09,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Hong Kong', 'creation', 'rival', 'Euroclear', 'Hong Kong authorities', 'influential securities depositories', 'western financial infrastructure', 'Asian rival', 'global use', 'Europe', 'bid', 'dependence', 'renminbi']",2025-03-04,2025-03-04,ft.com
49155,Euroclear,Bing API,https://news.europawire.eu/abb-shareholders-in-sweden-can-receive-dividend-in-swedish-krona-via-dividend-access-facility/eu-press-release/2025/03/04/14/35/00/149623/,ABB Shareholders in Sweden Can Receive Dividend in Swedish Krona via Dividend Access Facility,ABB shareholders who are tax-resident in Sweden and hold shares registered with Euroclear Sweden can opt to receive their dividend in Swedish kro,(IN BRIEF) ABB shareholders who are tax-resident in Sweden and hold shares registered with Euroclear Sweden can opt to receive their dividend in Swedish kronor through the Dividend Access Facility (DAF)  avoiding Swiss withholding tax. The application period for the 2025 DAF runs from March 3 to March 18  with automatic registration for those who participated in 2024. Pending approval at ABB’s Annual General Meeting on March 27  2025  the dividend is expected to be paid on April 4  2025  in Swedish kronor based on the CHF/SEK exchange rate as of March 28  2025. The dividend will be taxed according to Swedish tax regulations.(PRESS RELEASE) ZURICH  4-Mar-2025 — /EuropaWire/ — ABB shareholders who are tax-resident in Sweden and hold their ABB Ltd shares with Euroclear Sweden have the opportunity to receive their dividend in Swedish kronor  free from Swiss withholding tax  by participating in the Dividend Access Facility (DAF).Starting March 3 through March 18  2025  eligible shareholders can apply to participate in the DAF. Shareholders who took part in ABB’s DAF in 2024 will automatically be registered for the 2025 DAF.Pending approval of the dividend at ABB’s Annual General Meeting on March 27  2025  the dividend under the DAF is scheduled to be paid on April 4  2025.The dividend will be paid in Swedish kronor via Euroclear Sweden and will be equivalent to the dividend ABB Ltd distributes in Swiss francs  calculated using the CHF/SEK exchange rate on March 28  2025. The payment will be subject to Swedish tax regulations applicable to each individual or entity.ABB is a global technology leader in electrification and automation  enabling a more sustainable and resource-efficient future. By connecting its engineering and digitalization expertise  ABB helps industries run at high performance  while becoming more efficient  productive and sustainable so they outperform. At ABB  we call this ‘Engineered to Outrun’. The company has over 140 years of history and around 110 000 employees worldwide. ABB’s shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (ABBN) and Nasdaq Stockholm (ABB). www.abb.comMedia Contact:Media Relations:media.relations@ch.abb.com+41 43 317 71 11Investor Relations:investor.relations@ch.abb.com+41 43 317 71 11SOURCE: ABB,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['Dividend Access Facility', 'ABB Shareholders', 'Swedish Krona', 'Sweden', 'Annual General Meeting', 'CHF/SEK exchange rate', 'global technology leader', 'Swiss withholding tax', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Swedish tax regulations', 'Dividend Access Facility', 'ABB Ltd shares', 'Swiss francs', 'Swedish kronor', 'IN BRIEF', 'application period', 'automatic registration', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'resource-efficient future', 'digitalization expertise', 'high performance', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Media Contact', 'eligible shareholders', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'Media Relations', 'ABB shareholders', 'Investor Relations', 'DAF', 'March', 'approval', 'April', 'ZURICH', 'opportunity', 'part', 'payment', 'individual', 'entity', 'electrification', 'automation', 'sustainable', 'engineering', 'industries', 'company', '140 years', 'history', '110,000 employees', 'ABBN', '2024']",2025-03-04,2025-03-04,news.europawire.eu
49156,Euroclear,Bing API,https://tass.com/economy/1922175,Confiscating Russian assets can cause mistrust among investors in EU — French politician,"Nevertheless Benjamin Haddad noted that possible confiscation of assets ""remains one of the levers of influence on Russia""","PARIS  March 4. /TASS/. Confiscation of frozen Russian assets would have a negative impact on the investment climate in the European Union and would cause mistrust among foreign investors  Benjamin Haddad  Minister Delegate for European Affairs to the French Foreign Ministry  said on the France 2 TV channel.""However  legal issues arise here. This would be a signal to other investors "" the minister said.Nevertheless  Haddad noted that possible confiscation of assets ""remains one of the levers of influence on Russia.""Earlier  the Financial Times (FT) reported citing sources that France had proposed to its European partners to confiscate frozen sovereign assets of Russia in case the country violates the ceasefire in Ukraine  if one is established.The European Union  Canada  the United States and Japan have frozen Russia's assets worth about $300 billion after the start of a special military operation. Of these  about $5-6 billion are in the United States  and most are in Europe  including the international Euroclear platform in Belgium  where $210 billion are stored.Earlier  Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov noted that Russia will definitely respond to the theft of its assets in Europe.",negative,0.0,0.34,0.65,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'French politician', 'mistrust', 'investors', 'EU', 'special military operation', 'international Euroclear platform', 'French Foreign Ministry', 'France 2 TV channel', 'The European Union', 'frozen Russian assets', 'foreign investors', 'European Affairs', 'European partners', 'negative impact', 'investment climate', 'legal issues', 'other investors', 'Financial Times', 'United States', 'Kremlin Spokesman', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'sovereign assets', 'Benjamin Haddad', 'Minister Delegate', 'possible confiscation', 'PARIS', 'March', 'TASS', 'mistrust', 'signal', 'levers', 'influence', 'FT', 'sources', 'case', 'country', 'ceasefire', 'Ukraine', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'start', 'Belgium']",2025-03-04,2025-03-04,tass.com
49157,Euroclear,Bing API,https://english.nv.ua/nation/seizing-russian-billions-europe-debates-drastic-move-to-fund-ukraine-50494880.html,France  Germany shift to grab frozen Russian billions,France and Germany are in talks with Britain and other countries to seize more than €200 billion ($210 billion) of frozen Russian assets in the EU  the Financial Times reported on March 3  citing its sources.,"France  Germany shift to grab frozen Russian billions 4 March  10:43 AM EU flag (Photo: Ursula von der Leyen / Twitter)France and Germany are in talks with Britain and other countries to seize more than €200 billion ($210 billion) of frozen Russian assets in the EU  the Financial Times reported on March 3  citing its sources.According to three people with knowledge of the matter  French officials proposed to proceed with the seizure if Russia attempts to violate a future peace deal as part of efforts to provide Kyiv with post-war security guarantees.The EU  along with the G7 countries and Australia  has frozen about $300 billion in Russian assets. The bulk of those assets  about €190 billion ($200 billion)  are held in Belgium's Euroclear central depository  with smaller amounts in France  Britain  Japan and Switzerland. In addition  the U.S. Treasury Department has added sanctions on influential Russian individuals  freezing about $58 billion in assets  including luxury real estate  yachts  and private jets.AdCurrently  the proceeds from these assets is being used to repay $50 billion in G7 loans to Ukraine  but the core assets are not yet affected.While many countries  including Ukraine  Poland  and the Baltic states  have called for the seizure  Berlin  Paris  and Brussels have resisted a full-scale seizure due to concerns about setting a precedent in international law. The European Central Bank has also been concerned about the potential impact on the euro's status as a safe option for foreign reserves. French President Emmanuel Macron has indicated that immediate seizure of assets would not be in line with international law  but the funds could be ""part of negotiations to end the war.""The most likely future German chancellor  Friedrich Merz  is ready to support the proposal to seize the assets  a source familiar with the matter told the FT. On March 5  Merz is expected to hold talks with the current chancellor  Olaf Scholz  to coordinate positions ahead of the EU leaders' summit in Brussels on March 6.The idea has been welcomed by other European allies  but no definitive agreement has been reached. The decision by US President Donald Trump's administration to pause military aid to Ukraine is likely to further strengthen the camp advocating asset seizure.On Feb. 24  the EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs Kaja Kallas said that there was a lack of consensus among member states on the confiscation of frozen Russian assets in the EUWill you support Ukraine’s free press? Dear reader  as all news organizations  we must balance the pressures of delivering timely  accurate  and relevant stories with requirements to fund our business operations. As a Ukrainian-based media  we also have another responsibility – to amplify Ukraine’s voice to the world during the crucial moment of its existence as a political nation. It’s the support of our readers that lets us continue doing our job. We keep our essential reporting free because we believe in our ultimate purpose: an independent  democratic Ukraine. If you’re willing to support Ukraine  consider subscribing to our Patreon starting from 5$ per month. We are immensely grateful.Please help us continue fighting Russian propaganda. Truth can be hard to tell from fiction these days. Every viewpoint has its audience of backers and supporters  no matter how absurd. If conscious disinformation is reinforced by state propaganda apparatus and budget  its outcomes may become deadly. There is no solution to this  other than independent  honest  and accurate reporting. We remain committed to empowering the Ukrainian voice to push against the muck. If you’re willing to stand up for the truth – consider supporting us on Patreon starting from 5$ per month. Thank you very much.Will you help tell Ukraine’s story to the world? Twenty years ago  most people hadn’t even heard of Ukraine. Today  the country is on everyone’s lips and everyone’s headlines. War pushed us on the front page. But there are many other things we do that we are proud of – from music and culture to technology. We need your help to tell the world Ukrainian story of resilience  joy  and survival. If you’re willing to back our effort  consider supporting us on Patreon starting from 5$ per month. We are immensely grateful.Follow us on Twitter  Facebook and Google News",neutral,0.02,0.77,0.22,mixed,0.36,0.2,0.44,True,English,"['frozen Russian billions', 'France', 'Germany', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'U.S. Treasury Department', 'US President Donald Trump', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'The European Central Bank', 'Euroclear central depository', 'other European allies', 'future peace deal', 'post-war security guarantees', 'luxury real estate', 'frozen Russian billions', 'influential Russian individuals', 'future German chancellor', 'state propaganda apparatus', '43 AM EU flag', ""EU leaders' summit"", 'EU High Representative', 'many other things', 'independent, democratic Ukraine', 'frozen Russian assets', 'world Ukrainian story', 'French officials', 'Russian propaganda', 'other countries', 'many countries', 'current chancellor', 'Financial Times', 'three people', 'G7 countries', 'smaller amounts', 'private jets', 'G7 loans', 'Baltic states', 'international law', 'potential impact', 'safe option', 'foreign reserves', 'Olaf Scholz', 'definitive agreement', 'military aid', 'Foreign Affairs', 'Kaja Kallas', 'member states', 'free press', 'Dear reader', 'news organizations', 'relevant stories', 'business operations', 'Ukrainian-based media', 'crucial moment', 'political nation', 'essential reporting', 'ultimate purpose', 'conscious disinformation', 'accurate reporting', 'Ukrainian voice', 'most people', 'front page', 'Google News', 'full-scale seizure', 'immediate seizure', 'asset seizure', 'core assets', 'Friedrich Merz', 'France', 'Germany', 'Photo', 'Twitter', 'talks', 'Britain', 'March', 'sources', 'knowledge', 'matter', 'efforts', 'Kyiv', 'Australia', 'bulk', 'Belgium', 'Japan', 'Switzerland', 'addition', 'sanctions', 'yachts', 'proceeds', 'Poland', 'Berlin', 'Paris', 'Brussels', 'concerns', 'precedent', 'status', 'line', 'funds', 'negotiations', 'proposal', 'FT', 'positions', 'idea', 'decision', 'administration', 'camp', 'Feb.', 'lack', 'consensus', 'confiscation', 'pressures', 'requirements', 'responsibility', 'existence', 'support', 'readers', 'job', 'Patreon', 'month', 'Truth', 'fiction', 'viewpoint', 'audience', 'backers', 'budget', 'outcomes', 'solution', 'muck', 'country', 'everyone', 'lips', 'music', 'culture', 'technology', 'help', 'resilience', 'joy', 'survival', 'Facebook', '10']",2025-03-04,2025-03-04,english.nv.ua
49158,Clearstream,Bing API,https://en.mehrnews.com/news/229240/Unraveling-Iran-s-puzzle-of-assets-frozen-abroad,Unraveling Iran’s puzzle of assets frozen abroad,For years  Iran has been grappling with the challenge of how to repatriate its assets frozen in various countries under the US pressure.,"The United States has long used sanctions to cripple Iran  including through impeding access to its foreign exchange reserves which are important for the normal operation of the economy.Foreign exchange reserves  among other things  are crucial to the management of the exchange rate which takes its cue from the supply of foreign currencies available in the market.Any problems on the way of access to these reserves result in the Iranian rial losing its value while Iranian companies  which need to sell rials and buy euros  yen or other currencies to purchase goods and services from foreign suppliers  have to do so at higher costs  feeding into inflation.The dollar has been rallying against the rial since trading around 690 000 rials at the time of US President Donald Trump's re-election in November. Recently  the rial dropped to a new all-time low of 930 000 for each dollar after he signed an order to re-impose his ""maximum pressure"" policy against Iran with tougher sanctions.“With Trump's signing  our country's oil tankers and gas ships are left adrift  wondering how to get their shipments to their destinations. Iraq  Türkiye  and other countries are not paying back their debts to Iran ” President Masoud Pezeshkian said on Sunday.He made the remarks to parliament before it voted to dismiss finance minister Abdolnasser Hemmati over the crashing rial. The dismissal came after some lawmakers argued that rising inflation and exchange rates were not the fault of the current government or parliament.Before the impeachment  Pezeshkian took the podium to declare that the government was locked in a tough battle with the West  calling for greater unity and cooperation from parliament to face challenges.The development was another chapter in Iran’s struggle to navigate challenges resulting from foreign pressures to the normal functioning of its economy - an obvious right of every sovereign nation.From billions of dollars in oil and gas revenues held in China  Turkey  India and Iraq to money frozen in Japan  Qatar  Luxembourg  Canada  Oman and the UAE  the Islamic Republic has seen its funds from the sale of oil and gas blocked under the pretext of sanctions  while others are under strict surveillance and restrictions.There are no precise and official statistics on the total sum. Prior estimates have suggested that Iran has foreign reserves of well over $100 billion abroad. Media reports have put them at $40-50 billion.When Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani called on Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei in Tehran last month  the Leader of the Islamic Revolution asked the Persian Gulf emirate to release $6 billion in Iranian oil revenues held in Doha  despite US pressure not to do so.The oil money frozen in South Korean bank accounts in 2019 was transferred to Qatari in September 2023 to be used by Iran for humanitarian purposes  but the US ordered the Arab emirate to block it  a week after Hamas launched its Oct. 7 operation inside southern Israeli occupied territories.“If we were in Qatar's place  we wouldn't pay attention to the pressures brought by the US and would return Iran's assets ” Ayatollah Khamenei told Sheikh Tamim in Tehran. “We continue to expect Qatar to do this.”Last December  former housing minister Abbas Akhundi stated that China was holding $21 billion of Iranian oil money in an escrow account and had proposed to activate it as credit facility for development projects in the Islamic Republic.In 2023  the United States issued a sanctions waiver allowing Iraq to pay over $2.7 billion of the $11 billion it owed Tehran for importing electricity and natural gas. The money  however  had to be transferred to Omani banks for purchases of goods such as food and medicine by Iran under US supervision.Also  a historic $530 debt the UK paid Iran in 2022 after 40 years was blocked in Oman  reports at the time said. Britain owed the money to Iran for 1 750 Chieftain tanks and other vehicles purchased before the Islamic Revolution of 1979 almost none of which were delivered.Meanwhile  $1.7 billion of Iranian assets held by Deutsche Boerse's Clearstream unit in Luxembourg have faced lawsuits filed in the US seeking to seize them.MNA/Press TV",negative,0.0,0.41,0.59,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['Iran', 'puzzle', 'assets', 'Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani', 'former housing minister Abbas Akhundi', 'finance minister Abdolnasser Hemmati', 'South Korean bank accounts', 'southern Israeli occupied territories', 'Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei', 'US President Donald Trump', 'maximum pressure"" policy', 'President Masoud Pezeshkian', 'Persian Gulf emirate', 'The United States', 'foreign exchange reserves', 'Iranian oil revenues', 'Ayatollah Khamenei', 'Iranian oil money', 'foreign reserves', 'exchange rate', 'Arab emirate', 'Iranian companies', 'foreign currencies', 'foreign suppliers', 'US pressure', 'gas revenues', 'normal operation', 'other things', 'other currencies', 'higher costs', 'oil tankers', 'Türkiye', 'other countries', 'tough battle', 'greater unity', 'normal functioning', 'obvious right', 'sovereign nation', 'Islamic Republic', 'strict surveillance', 'official statistics', 'total sum', 'Prior estimates', 'Islamic Revolution', 'humanitarian purposes', 'Oct. 7 operation', 'escrow account', 'credit facility', 'Omani banks', 'historic $530 debt', '1,750 Chieftain tanks', 'other vehicles', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'MNA/Press TV', 'Iranian rial', 'Iranian assets', 'foreign pressures', 'US supervision', 'gas ships', 'natural gas', 'tougher sanctions', 'crashing rial', 'rising inflation', 'current government', 'Media reports', 'development projects', 'sanctions waiver', 'access', 'economy', 'management', 'cue', 'supply', 'market', 'problems', 'way', 'value', 'rials', 'euros', 'yen', 'goods', 'services', 'dollar', 'time', 'election', 'November', 'low', 'order', 'signing', 'country', 'shipments', 'destinations', 'Iraq', 'debts', 'Sunday', 'remarks', 'parliament', 'dismissal', 'lawmakers', 'fault', 'impeachment', 'podium', 'West', 'cooperation', 'challenges', 'chapter', 'struggle', 'billions', 'China', 'Turkey', 'India', 'Japan', 'Luxembourg', 'Canada', 'UAE', 'funds', 'sale', 'pretext', 'others', 'restrictions', 'precise', 'Tehran', 'Leader', 'Doha', 'September', 'Hamas', 'place', 'attention', 'electricity', 'purchases', 'food', 'medicine', 'UK', '40 years', 'Britain', 'none', 'lawsuits']",2025-03-04,2025-03-04,en.mehrnews.com
49159,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-continental-increases-profit-and-drives-forward-realignment-in-2025-1034436239,EQS-News: Continental Increases Profit and Drives Forward Realignment in 2025,In 2025  Continental expects the global production of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles to change by -1 to +1 percent. In 2024  this decreased by around 1 percent to more than 89 million vehicles. For the global tire-replacement business  the technology company expects sales volumes to develop by 0 to +2 percent.,EQS-News: Continental AG / Key word(s): Annual Results/ForecastContinental Increases Profit and Drives Forward Realignment in 202504.03.2025 / 07:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Consolidated sales of €39.7 billion (2023: €41.4 billion  -4.1 percent)Adjusted EBIT of €2.7 billion (2023: €2.5 billion  +6.6 percent)Adjusted EBIT margin of 6.8 percent (2023: 6.1 percent)Net income of €1.2 billion (2023: €1.2 billion  +1.0 percent)Adjusted free cash flow of €1.05 billion (2023: €1.3 billion  -18.6 percent)CEO Nikolai Setzer: “Our priority is to create value. By rigorously implementing this strategy  we further improved our earnings in this challenging environment and achieved our annual targets for the Continental Group”CFO Olaf Schick: “Our goal is to continue to improve in 2025. Our cost and efficiency measures are proving effective. This is all the more important because we again do not expect any tailwinds from the market this year”Automotive makes further gains: adjusted EBIT margin of 2.3 percentTires remains strong: adjusted EBIT margin of 13.7 percentContiTech within margin range: adjusted EBIT margin of 6.2 percentExpectations for fiscal 2025: consolidated sales of around €38.0 billion to €41.0 billion; adjusted EBIT margin of around 6.5 to 7.5 percentDividend proposal of €2.50 per share (2023: €2.20 per share)Hanover  Germany  March 4  2025. Continental continued to improve its earnings and achieved its corporate targets in the past fiscal year. Against the backdrop of a weak macroeconomic environment  especially in its core market of Europe  and a global downturn in automotive production  the company’s focused implementation of its value-creation strategy is proving effective. The Executive Board’s decision to spin off the Automotive group sector is another important step toward leveraging Continental’s full potential for creating value. Despite a global automotive market that is expected to continue to decline  the technology company is targeting an increase in earnings for 2025 (consolidated sales of around €38.0 billion to €41.0 billion and an adjusted EBIT margin of around 6.5 to 7.5 percent). This will primarily be achieved through the measures taken to improve earnings. Continental therefore expects an increase in its adjusted earnings margin  particularly in the Automotive and ContiTech group sectors.“Weak economic development  particularly in Europe  coupled with a decline in automotive production caused major headwinds last year. Our priority is to create value. By rigorously implementing this strategy  we further improved our earnings in this challenging environment and achieved our annual targets for the Continental Group ” said Continental CEO Nikolai Setzer at the annual press conference in Hanover on Tuesday  adding: “Following the Executive Board’s decision in favor of a spin-off  we have also initiated the realignment of the company. Our group sectors have each been set up with clear structures and are leading players in their product segments and markets. They have matured and are now ready for greater independence.”Adjusted operating result (adjusted EBIT) increases by 6.6 percent in 2024In the past fiscal year  Continental achieved consolidated sales of €39.7 billion (2023: €41.4 billion  -4.1 percent). Its adjusted operating result was €2.7 billion (2023: €2.5 billion  +6.6 percent)  corresponding to an improved adjusted EBIT margin of 6.8 percent (2023: 6.1 percent).Net income totaled €1.2 billion in 2024 (2023: €1.2 billion  +1.0 percent). Adjusted free cash flow was €1.05 billion (2023: €1.3 billion  -18.6 percent).“We achieved good results in 2024 despite the difficult economic environment. We even slightly exceeded our annual target for adjusted free cash flow  which was mainly due to our good tire business and the positive cash contribution from Automotive ” said Continental CFO Olaf Schick.Dividend proposal of €2.50 per shareBased on the company’s adjusted free cash flow and improved net income  Continental’s Executive Board will propose a €0.30 increase in the dividend to €2.50 per share for the past fiscal year. This would amount to a distribution of around €500 million. At around 43 percent  the distribution to shareholders is slightly above the defined range of 20 to 40 percent due to one-off  non-cash tax effects. Without these tax effects  the distribution to shareholders would fall within the defined range. The Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on April 25  2025  will decide on the dividend payment amount.Key figures for the Continental Group€ millions 2024 2023 Δ in % Sales 39 719 41 421 -4.1 Adjusted sales1 39 678 41 373 -4.1 Adjusted operating result (adjusted EBIT)2 2 694 2 526 6.6 in % of adjusted sales 6.8 6.1 Net income attributable to the shareholders of the parent 1 168 1 156 1.0 Basic earnings per share in € 5.84 5.78 1.0 Diluted earnings per share in € 5.84 5.78 1.0 Research and development expenses (net) 2 888 2 896 -0.3 in % of sales 7.3 7.0 Capital expenditure3 2 204 2 437 -9.5 in % of sales 5.5 5.9 Adjusted free cash flow 1 052 1 292 -18.6 Net indebtedness 3 712 4 038 -8.1 Gearing ratio in % 25.1 28.6 Total equity 14 798 14 125 4.8 Equity ratio in % 40.0 37.4 Number of employees4 190 159 202 763 -6.2 Dividend per share in € 2.50 2.20 13.6 Share price at year end5 in € 64.82 76.92 -15.7 Share price at year high5 in € 77.50 78.26 -1.0 Share price at year low5 in € 51.90 59.20 -12.31 Before changes in the scope of consolidation.2 Before amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation (PPA)  changes in the scope of consolidation  and special effects.3 Capital expenditure on property  plant and equipment  and software.4 Excluding trainees.5 All market prices are quotations of the Continental share in the Xetra system of Deutsche Börse AG. Data source: Bloomberg.Market outlook and forecast for fiscal 2025In 2025  Continental expects the global production of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles to change by -1 to +1 percent. In 2024  this decreased by around 1 percent to more than 89 million vehicles. For the global tire-replacement business  the technology company expects sales volumes to develop by 0 to +2 percent.Based on these assumptions and given the exchange rates at the beginning of the fiscal year  Continental anticipates consolidated sales for 2025 of around €38.0 billion to €41.0 billion and an adjusted EBIT margin of around 6.5 to 7.5 percent.Continental expects the Automotive group sector to generate sales of around €18.0 billion to €20.0 billion and an adjusted EBIT margin of around 2.5 to 4.0 percent.For the Tires group sector  Continental forecasts sales of around €13.5 billion to €14.5 billion and an adjusted EBIT margin of around 13.3 to 14.3 percent.Continental anticipates sales in the ContiTech group sector of around €6.3 billion to €6.8 billion and an adjusted EBIT margin of around 6.0 to 7.0 percent.Capital expenditure before financial investments is forecast to be around 6.0 percent of sales.Adjusted free cash flow is expected to be around €0.8 billion to €1.2 billion.“Our goal is to continue to improve in 2025. Our cost and efficiency measures are proving effective. This is all the more important because we again do not expect any tailwinds from the market this year ” said Schick.Automotive makes further gains: adjusted EBIT margin of 2.3 percentIn the Automotive group sector  sales fell by 4.3 percent to €19.4 billion (2023: €20.3 billion)  hampered primarily by declining markets. Before exchange-rate effects and changes in the scope of consolidation  it posted organic sales growth of -2.6 percent. Parallel to this  Automotive increased its adjusted EBIT margin year-on-year to 2.3 percent (2023: 2.0 percent). This improvement was primarily attributable to the rigorous implementation of cost reduction measures  efficiency improvements and agreements from price negotiations with automotive manufacturers.In connection with the plans to make the Automotive group sector an independent European company (Societas Europaea  SE) with listing on the Frankfurt stock exchange  new short and mid-term targets will be announced as part of the Capital Market Day in summer 2025.The Automotive group sector has comprehensive technological and system expertise as well as a high level of vertical integration. It has carved out a strong market position for sensor solutions and displays as well as brake and comfort systems  and offers extensive know-how in software  architecture platforms and assistance systems for the rapidly growing future market of software-defined and autonomous vehicles. To date  Continental has put more than 277 million sensors and electronic control units for assisted and automated driving onto the roads worldwide. In addition  it has delivered well over 1 billion control units for body electronics to customers  including sunroof electronics as well as door and seat control units.Continental also equips vehicles around the globe with high-performance computers. These are the central control element for a wide range of vehicles  such as the electric Volkswagen ID models. Not only international manufacturers  but also local producers in China source high-performance computers from Continental.Tires remains strong: adjusted EBIT margin of 13.7 percentIn the past fiscal year  the Tires group sector remained strong and improved its earnings slightly compared with the previous year  achieving sales of €13.9 billion (2023: €14.0 billion  -0.7 percent). At 13.7 percent  its adjusted EBIT margin was up slightly on the previous year (2023: 13.5 percent)  mainly on the back of the growing sales share of premium tires and a stronger winter tire business in Europe.This increased demand was underpinned by the many awards that Continental received for its tires in 2024  with its summer  winter and all-season tires all achieving excellent ratings in various independent tests.In addition  Continental is planning to increase its production capacity in the Asia-Pacific region by an additional 3 million tires per year to make the most of the area’s potential for growth. For this purpose  the company will invest more than €300 million in progressively expanding its tire plant in Rayong  Thailand  over the coming years. Continental is already extremely successful in the region. Last year  for example  it supplied original equipment tires to nine of the 10 highest-volume manufacturers of electric vehicles in the Asia-Pacific area.ContiTech within margin range: adjusted EBIT margin of 6.2 percentFaced with a weak automotive and industrial environment  ContiTech saw a decline in earnings but nonetheless achieved its annual target thanks to a strong fourth quarter. It posted sales of €6.4 billion (2023: €6.8 billion  -6.7 percent) and an adjusted EBIT margin of 6.2 percent (2023: 6.7 percent).The operating result of the Original Equipment Solutions (OESL) business area improved thanks to the implemented measures  closing fiscal 2024 with a positive adjusted EBIT margin  albeit at a low level. The carve-out of OESL is also progressing according to plan. Continental started the sales process in the first quarter of 2025 as announced  and has already presented this business area to its first potential buyers and partners.ContiTech’s strategy is aimed at strengthening its industrial business. The group sector’s industrial expertise is in demand  as evidenced  for example  by an order from an American customer for the world’s strongest conveyor belt. Measuring up to 3.2 meters wide  it can pull a total weight of 3 200 metric tons – equivalent to the weight of more than 300 000 car tires.Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871  the technology company offers safe  efficient  intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles  machines  traffic and transportation. In 2024  Continental generated preliminary sales of €39.7 billion and currently employs around 190 000 people in 55 countries and markets.Press contactMarc SiedlerSpokesperson  Business & FinanceContinentalPhone: +49 511 938-1278Cell: +49 151 24506041E-mail: marc.siedler@conti.deVincent CharlesHead of Media RelationsContinentalPhone: +49 511 938-1364Cell: +49 173 3145096E-mail: vincent.charles@conti.dePress portal: www.continental-press.comMedia center: www.continental.com/media-center,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.28,0.17,True,English,"['Continental Increases', 'EQS-News', 'Profit', 'Forward', 'Realignment', 'one-off, non-cash tax effects', 'Continental CEO Nikolai Setzer', 'Continental CFO Olaf Schick', 'The Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'free cash flow', 'positive cash contribution', 'past fiscal year', 'weak macroeconomic environment', 'Weak economic development', 'annual press conference', 'difficult economic environment', 'good tire business', 'The Executive Board', 'dividend payment amount', 'Automotive group sector', 'ContiTech group sectors', 'global automotive market', 'adjusted earnings margin', 'Annual Results', 'challenging environment', 'annual targets', 'global downturn', 'good results', 'development expenses', 'Continental Group', 'Key word', 'Net income', 'Dividend proposal', 'corporate targets', 'core market', 'focused implementation', 'important step', 'full potential', 'major headwinds', 'clear structures', 'leading players', 'product segments', 'greater independence', 'operating result', 'Key figures', 'Capital expenditure3', 'Continental AG', 'Continental Increases', 'EBIT margin', 'automotive production', 'Adjusted sales1', 'Adjusted EBIT', 'efficiency measures', 'Basic earnings', 'Diluted earnings', 'margin range', 'Consolidated sales', 'value-creation strategy', 'technology company', '6.5 to 7.5 percent', '20 to 40 percent', '6.8 percent', '6.1 percent', '1.0 percent', '2.3 percent', '13.7 percent', '6.2 percent', '6.6 percent', '4.1 percent', '43 percent', 'EQS-News', 'Forecast', 'Profit', 'Forward', 'Realignment', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'priority', 'goal', 'cost', 'tailwinds', 'gains', 'Tires', 'Expectations', 'Hanover', 'Germany', 'March', 'backdrop', 'Europe', 'decision', 'decline', 'Tuesday', 'favor', 'spin-off', 'markets', '€0.30 increase', 'distribution', 'defined', 'April', 'parent', 'Research', '2025', '07', '2024']",2025-03-04,2025-03-04,markets.businessinsider.com
49160,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-b-rse-etr-db1-040118348.html,Deutsche Börse's Future Dividend Projections Appear Well Covered By Earnings,Deutsche Börse AG's ( ETR:DB1 ) dividend will be increasing from last year's payment of the same period to €4.00,Deutsche Börse AG's (ETR:DB1) dividend will be increasing from last year's payment of the same period to €4.00 on 19th of May. Although the dividend is now higher  the yield is only 1.6%  which is below the industry average.See our latest analysis for Deutsche BörseDeutsche Börse's Future Dividend Projections Appear Well Covered By EarningsEven a low dividend yield can be attractive if it is sustained for years on end. However  Deutsche Börse's earnings easily cover the dividend. This means that most of what the business earns is being used to help it grow.Over the next year  EPS is forecast to expand by 20.3%. If the dividend continues on this path  the payout ratio could be 33% by next year  which we think can be pretty sustainable going forward.XTRA:DB1 Historic Dividend March 4th 2025Deutsche Börse Has A Solid Track RecordThe company has an extended history of paying stable dividends. Since 2015  the dividend has gone from €2.10 total annually to €4.00. This works out to be a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of approximately 6.7% a year over that time. Dividends have grown at a reasonable rate over this period  and without any major cuts in the payment over time  we think this is an attractive combination as it provides a nice boost to shareholder returns.The Dividend Looks Likely To GrowThe company's investors will be pleased to have been receiving dividend income for some time. Deutsche Börse has seen EPS rising for the last five years  at 14% per annum. Growth in EPS bodes well for the dividend  as does the low payout ratio that the company is currently reporting.Deutsche Börse Looks Like A Great Dividend StockOverall  we think this could be an attractive income stock  and it is only getting better by paying a higher dividend this year. Distributions are quite easily covered by earnings  which are also being converted to cash flows. All in all  this checks a lot of the boxes we look for when choosing an income stock.Investors generally tend to favour companies with a consistent  stable dividend policy as opposed to those operating an irregular one. However  there are other things to consider for investors when analysing stock performance. As an example  we've identified 1 warning sign for Deutsche Börse that you should be aware of before investing. Looking for more high-yielding dividend ideas? Try our collection of strong dividend payers.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.24,0.12,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Future Dividend Projections', 'Earnings', 'compound annual growth rate', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'consistent, stable dividend policy', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Solid Track Record', 'Simply Wall St', 'ETR:DB1) dividend', 'Future Dividend Projections', 'DB1 Historic Dividend', 'high-yielding dividend ideas', 'strong dividend payers', 'low payout ratio', 'long-term focused analysis', 'last five years', 'Great Dividend Stock', 'low dividend yield', 'attractive income stock', 'latest analysis', 'reasonable rate', 'dividend income', 'last year', 'stable dividends', 'attractive combination', 'The Dividend', 'higher dividend', 'stock performance', 'industry average', 'next year', 'extended history', 'major cuts', 'nice boost', 'shareholder returns', 'cash flows', 'irregular one', 'other things', '1 warning sign', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'same period', 'payment', '19th', 'May', 'Earnings', 'business', 'EPS', 'path', 'XTRA', '4th', 'CAGR', 'time', 'investors', 'annum', 'Distributions', 'lot', 'boxes', 'companies', 'example', 'collection', 'feedback', 'article', 'content', 'touch', 'editorial-team', 'simplywallst', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', 'stocks']",2025-03-04,2025-03-04,finance.yahoo.com
49161,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-b-rse-etr-db1-040118348.html,Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1) Is Paying Out A Larger Dividend Than Last Year,Deutsche Börse AG's ( ETR:DB1 ) dividend will be increasing from last year's payment of the same period to €4.00,Deutsche Börse AG's (ETR:DB1) dividend will be increasing from last year's payment of the same period to €4.00 on 19th of May. Although the dividend is now higher  the yield is only 1.6%  which is below the industry average.See our latest analysis for Deutsche BörseDeutsche Börse's Future Dividend Projections Appear Well Covered By EarningsEven a low dividend yield can be attractive if it is sustained for years on end. However  Deutsche Börse's earnings easily cover the dividend. This means that most of what the business earns is being used to help it grow.Over the next year  EPS is forecast to expand by 20.3%. If the dividend continues on this path  the payout ratio could be 33% by next year  which we think can be pretty sustainable going forward.XTRA:DB1 Historic Dividend March 4th 2025Deutsche Börse Has A Solid Track RecordThe company has an extended history of paying stable dividends. Since 2015  the dividend has gone from €2.10 total annually to €4.00. This works out to be a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of approximately 6.7% a year over that time. Dividends have grown at a reasonable rate over this period  and without any major cuts in the payment over time  we think this is an attractive combination as it provides a nice boost to shareholder returns.The Dividend Looks Likely To GrowThe company's investors will be pleased to have been receiving dividend income for some time. Deutsche Börse has seen EPS rising for the last five years  at 14% per annum. Growth in EPS bodes well for the dividend  as does the low payout ratio that the company is currently reporting.Deutsche Börse Looks Like A Great Dividend StockOverall  we think this could be an attractive income stock  and it is only getting better by paying a higher dividend this year. Distributions are quite easily covered by earnings  which are also being converted to cash flows. All in all  this checks a lot of the boxes we look for when choosing an income stock.Investors generally tend to favour companies with a consistent  stable dividend policy as opposed to those operating an irregular one. However  there are other things to consider for investors when analysing stock performance. As an example  we've identified 1 warning sign for Deutsche Börse that you should be aware of before investing. Looking for more high-yielding dividend ideas? Try our collection of strong dividend payers.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.06,mixed,0.64,0.24,0.12,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Larger Dividend', 'Last Year', 'ETR', 'compound annual growth rate', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'consistent, stable dividend policy', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Solid Track Record', 'Simply Wall St', 'ETR:DB1) dividend', 'Future Dividend Projections', 'DB1 Historic Dividend', 'high-yielding dividend ideas', 'strong dividend payers', 'low payout ratio', 'long-term focused analysis', 'last five years', 'Great Dividend Stock', 'low dividend yield', 'attractive income stock', 'latest analysis', 'reasonable rate', 'dividend income', 'last year', 'stable dividends', 'attractive combination', 'The Dividend', 'higher dividend', 'stock performance', 'industry average', 'next year', 'extended history', 'major cuts', 'nice boost', 'shareholder returns', 'cash flows', 'irregular one', 'other things', '1 warning sign', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'same period', 'payment', '19th', 'May', 'Earnings', 'business', 'EPS', 'path', 'XTRA', '4th', 'CAGR', 'time', 'investors', 'annum', 'Distributions', 'lot', 'boxes', 'companies', 'example', 'collection', 'feedback', 'article', 'content', 'touch', 'editorial-team', 'simplywallst', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', 'stocks']",2025-03-04,2025-03-04,uk.finance.yahoo.com
49162,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/46a401fd687efc64,SIX introduces preferred clearing for Euronext markets,SIX x-clear is set to launch preferred clearing services for Euronext market participants in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Lisbon  Dublin and Milan. This initiative aims to enhance market interoperability and encourage competition within European financial mar…,SIX x-clear is set to launch preferred clearing services for Euronext market participants in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Lisbon  Dublin and Milan.This initiative aims to enhance market interoperability and encourage competition within European financial markets. Through expanding its…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2025-03-03 11:07:00.,neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['preferred clearing', 'Euronext markets', 'SIX', 'preferred clearing services', 'European financial markets', 'Euronext market participants', 'market interoperability', 'SIX', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'Dublin', 'Milan', 'initiative', 'competition', 'story', 'thetradenews.']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,biztoc.com
49163,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035885/0/en/EVS-Broadcast-Equipment-reports-update-of-share-buyback-program.html,EVS Broadcast Equipment reports update of share buyback program,Publication on March 3 2025 at 18:30 CET after market closingRegulated information EVS Broadcast Equipment SA: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR),Publication on March 3 2025 at 18:30 CET after market closingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment SA: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS reports update of share buyback programLiège  Belgium | March 3  2025EVS Broadcast Equipment reports that the following transactions  conducted within the framework of the share buyback program announced on November 25  2024  took place between February 24 and 28  2025:Trade Date Number of shares acquired Average price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Total (EUR) Market 24-02-25 6 092 35.0374 35.10 34.90 213 448 XBRU 25-02-25 6 934 36.7795 37.10 36.50 255 029 XBRU 26-02-25 7 661 36.8036 37.10 36.55 281 952 XBRU 27-02-25 - - - - - 28-02-25 378 36.1000 36.10 36.10 13 646 XBRU Total 21 065 36.2723 37.10 34.90 764 076As of February 28  2025  and since the start of the buyback program  EVS has bought 198 308 shares at an average price of EUR 31.2505  representing in total EUR 6 197 219.49. This corresponds to 61.97% of the announced 10 Mio€ program completed.After aforementioned transactions  the total number of own shares amounts to 918 092 shares as of February 28  2025 (including 776 508 shares already held by the company before the start of the share buyback program).All details related to the acquisition of own shares by EVS Broadcast Equipment can be found on https://evs.com/investors/share-buybackAbout EVSWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as a leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies. Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 700 team members and ensuring sales  training  and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. EVS is  amongst others  part of the Euronext Tech Leaders and Euronext BEL Mid indices.Media ContactsFor more info about this press release  or to set up an interview with EVS  please contact:Veerle De Wit – Chief Financial OfficerTel: +32 4 361 7004 – Email: v.dewit@evs.comSébastien Verlaine – Senior Brand & Corporate Communications ManagerTel: +32 4 361 5809 – Email: s.verlaine@evs.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['EVS Broadcast Equipment reports', 'share buyback program', 'update', 'gripping live sports images', 'Euronext BEL Mid indices', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment SA', 'live video technology', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Sébastien Verlaine', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'new media productions', 'entire production process', 'share buyback program', 'Euronext Brussels', '10 Mio€ program', 'production teams', 'Media Contacts', 'Regulated information', 'Liège', 'Trade Date', 'Average price', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'leading provider', 'entertainment shows', 'real time', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '700 team members', 'technical support', 'press release', 'Senior Brand', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'EVS reports', 'EVS solutions', 'market closing', 'public company', 'total number', 'XBRU Total', 'Publication', 'March', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'EVSB', 'update', 'Belgium', 'transactions', 'framework', 'November', 'place', 'February', 'shares', 'start', 'details', 'acquisition', 'investors', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'business', 'industry', 'commitment', 'results', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'others', 'part', 'interview', 'Tel', 'Email', 'dewit', 'Attachment', '18:30', '32']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49164,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035384/0/en/Heineken-N-V-reports-the-progress-of-transactions-under-its-current-share-buyback-programme.html,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme  Amsterdam  3 March 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA;......,"Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its currentshare buyback programmeAmsterdam  3 March 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) hereby reports transaction details related to the first €750 million tranche of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme as communicated on 12 February 2025.From 24 February 2025 up to and including 28 February 2025 a total of 65 471 shares was repurchased on exchange at an average price of € 80.53. During the same period  65 912 shares were repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V.Up to and including 28 February 2025  a total of 305 271 shares was repurchased under the share buyback programme for a total consideration of € 24 187 897 (including shares repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V.).Heineken N.V. publishes on a weekly basis  every Monday  an overview of the progress of the share buyback programme on its website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/share-information/share-buyback-programmeEnquiriesMediaInvestors Christiaan PrinsTristan van Strien Director of Global CommunicationGlobal Director of Investor Relations Marlie PaauwLennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Corporate Communications LeadInvestor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comE-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355Tel: +31-20-5239590Regulatory informationThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations as set out in Article 5(1)(b) Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Article 2(2) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 that contains technical standards for buyback programs.Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 340 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn and Instagram.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['current share buyback programme', 'Heineken N.V.', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager', 'Tristan van Strien Director', 'current share buyback programme', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'first €750 million tranche', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'Heineken N.V.', 'long-term brand investment', 'Article 5(1)(b) Regulation', 'Most recent information', 'buyback programs', 'Global Director', 'Heineken® brand', 'transaction details', 'average price', 'same period', 'weekly basis', 'Enquiries Media', 'Christiaan Prins', 'Global Communication', 'Marlie Paauw', 'Lennart Scholtus', 'Senior Analyst', 'Regulatory information', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'technical standards', 'Editorial information', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'total consideration', 'Better World', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Amsterdam', '3 March', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', '12 February', '24 February', '28 February', '65,471 shares', 'exchange', '65,912 shares', '305,271 shares', 'overview', 'website', 'theheinekencompany', 'investors', 'share-buyback-programme', 'mail', 'pressoffice', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', '85,000 employees', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Attachment']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49165,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035235/0/en/JDE-Peet-s-starts-EUR-250-million-share-buyback-programme.html,JDE Peet’s starts EUR 250 million share buyback programme,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  March 3  2025JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced the start of its share buyback programme to return up to EUR 250 million to shareholders in 2025  as announced o…,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  March 3  2025JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced the start of its share buyback programme to return up to EUR 250 million to shareholders in 2025  as announced on February 26  2025. The programme will start on March 3  2025 and the maximum duration of the programme is up to the end of 2025  barring unforeseen circumstances.The main purpose of the programme is to reduce the capital of JDE Peet’s  by cancelling virtually all the ordinary shares acquired through the programme. A small portion will be used to cover share-based remuneration obligations. At the current share price  the programme represents a maximum of approximately 13.9 million shares  or 2.8% of total shares outstanding.The programme will be executed within the limits of relevant laws and regulations  the existing authority granted at JDE Peet’s 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) on May 30  2024 and the authority (if granted) by the AGM on June 19  2025.The share buyback programme will be executed by an intermediary to allow for share buybacks at its discretion during open and closed periods in compliance with the EU Market Abuse Regulation and within pre-defined execution parameters.JDE Peet’s will provide regular updates on the progress of the share buyback programme by means of press releases and a dedicated section on JDE Peet’s website for the duration of the programme as appropriate.# # #Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.EnquiriesMediaKhaled Rabbani+31 20 558 1735Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 400 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2024  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.8 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 21 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['EUR 250 million share buyback programme', 'JDE Peet', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'share-based remuneration obligations', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'current share price', 'share buyback programme', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'share buybacks', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'main purpose', 'ordinary shares', 'small portion', '13.9 million shares', 'total shares', 'relevant laws', 'closed periods', 'execution parameters', 'regular updates', 'dedicated section', 'Khaled Rabbani', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'existing authority', 'Enquiries Media', 'tea company', 'maximum duration', 'Amsterdam', 'March', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'world', 'revenue', 'start', 'shareholders', 'February', 'end', 'capital', 'limits', 'regulations', 'AGM', 'May', 'June', 'intermediary', 'discretion', 'open', 'compliance', 'defined', 'progress', 'means', 'website', 'information', 'meaning', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,400 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '21,000 employees', 'journey', 'Attachment']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49166,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035815/0/en/Zelluna-ASA-ZLNA-The-first-ever-cell-therapy-company-to-list-on-the-Oslo-Stock-Exchange-following-successful-completion-of-the-business-combination-and-private-placement.html,Zelluna ASA [ZLNA]: The first ever cell therapy company to list on the Oslo Stock Exchange following successful completion of the business combination and private placement,Oslo  Norway  03 March  2025 - Zelluna ASA  a company pioneering allogeneic ‘off the shelf’ T Cell Receptor based Natural Killer (TCR-NK) cells for the treatment of cancer  today announces the successful completion of a Business Combination and Private Placem…,"Oslo  Norway  03 March  2025 - Zelluna ASA  a company pioneering allogeneic ‘off the shelf’ T Cell Receptor based Natural Killer (TCR-NK) cells for the treatment of cancer  today announces the successful completion of a Business Combination and Private Placement. All conditions for completion of the Business Combination have been met  including  confirmation by Euronext Oslo Børs of the continued listing  approval of the Prospectus and regulatory clearances.The share capital increases relating to the issuance of the Consideration Shares and the Private Placement Shares was registered today on 3 March 2025 with the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises. The new share capital of the Company is now NOK 20 227 065.30 divided into 202 270 653 shares  each with a nominal value of NOK 0.10. Consequently  the Business Combination has now been completed.The name change from Ultimovacs ASA to Zelluna ASA has also been registered with the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises. The name change and the first day of trading is expected to be implemented on Euronext Oslo Børs on or about 4 March 2025. The ticker code of the Company will change from ""ULTI"" to ""ZLNA"".Cell therapies are a class of therapeutics that have delivered “cures” in late-stage cancer patients with a number of therapies approved mainly for liquid cancers and several with data from fewer than 100 patients for regulatory approval. Despite successes two key challenges remain: 1) solid cancers - representing the largest cancer burden worldwide (e.g. lung  ovarian  breast and head & neck cancers) - remain tougher to treat  and 2) scaling and global access to treatment is highly limited with current therapies.Zelluna has built a platform to take the curative potential of cell therapies to solid cancers at a global scale. Zelluna does this through a game changing and highly differentiated “off the shelf” cell therapy platform  which merges clinically validated components - TCR targeting with NK cells - to form TCR-NK. This novel TCR-NK platform is protected by strong intellectual property opening up the potential for an unprecedented opportunity to capture the market of an entire therapeutic field. The lead asset nearing the clinic is a world’s first MAGE-A4 targeting TCR-NK which can potentially be used to treat a range of solid cancers with unmet medical need in high value cancer markets.The Board of Directors and management team of Zelluna ASA include serial biotech entrepreneurs with deep experience in discovery through to clinical development of TCR  cell-based and immunotherapy products including marketed products. The management team comprise the following:Namir Hassan  CEOHans Vassgård Eid  CFOAnders Holm  COO/Head of BDJens Bjørheim  CMOLuise Weigand  Head of ResearchEmilie Gauthy  Head of CMCØivind Foss  Head of Clinical OperationsJulia Ino  Head of Project ManagementNamir Hassan  the Chief Executive Officer of Zelluna ASA  commented:“Today marks a pivotal moment in Zelluna’s journey  as we are poised to enter the public markets. Through the unwavering dedication of our team  board and investors  we have pioneered the TCR-NK platform from basic research  to the public markets with an exciting  worlds first MAGE-A4 lead program heading towards the clinic. Listing on the Oslo Stock Exchange opens new doors for growth and innovation  enhances our visibility and provides the financial flexibility needed to accelerate the development of our groundbreaking cell therapies getting them closer to solid cancer patients who need them.”Anders Tuv  Chairman of the Board of Directors  commented:“Zelluna’s listing on the Oslo Stock Exchange marks a defining step in our evolution as a highly differentiated  globally positioned cell therapy company. Our world leading position in the TCR-NK therapeutic field  and ambition to drive cell therapy application in solid tumours on a global scale potentially promises massive commercial opportunities. To realise this vision and maximize both patient impact and shareholder value  we are backed by an internationally recognized management team and life science specialist investors who share our bold ambitions.“Additional information regarding the transactions referred to above can be found in the stock exchange announcements published on (i) 17 December 2024 regarding the agreement to combine the businesses of Ultimovacs ASA (now Zelluna ASA) (the ""Company"") and Zelluna Immunotherapy AS (the ""Business Combination"") and the fully committed private placement (the ""Private Placement"" and together with the Business Combination  the ""Transactions"")  (ii) 9 January 2025 regarding the extraordinary general meeting  which  inter alia  resolved to issue 147 991 521 new shares connection with the Business Combination (the ""Consideration Shares"") and 19 873 071 shares in connection with the Private Placement (the ""Private Placement Shares"") and (iii) on 28 February 2025 by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority regarding the approval of a prospectus for listing of the Consideration Shares and Private Placement Shares (the ""Prospectus"").For further information  please contact:Namir Hassan  CEO  Zelluna ASAEmail: namir.hassan@zelluna.comPhone: +44 7720 687608Hans Vassgård Eid  CFO  Zelluna ASAEmail: hans.eid@zelluna.comPhone: +47 482 48632About Zelluna ASAZelluna’s mission is to deliver transformative treatments with the capacity to cure advanced solid cancers  in a safe and cost-efficient manner  to patients on a global scale. The Company aims to do this by combining the most powerful elements of the immune system through pioneering the development of “off the shelf” T cell receptor (TCR) guided natural killer (NK) cell therapies (TCR-NK). The TCR-NK platform offers a unique mechanism of action with broad cancer detection capability to overcome the diversity of tumours and will be used “off the shelf” to overcome scaling limitations of current cell therapies. The lead program is a world’s first MAGE-A4 targeting “off the shelf” TCR-NK for the treatment of various solid cancers; a pipeline of earlier products follows. The Company is led by a management team of biotech entrepreneurs with deep experience in discovery through to clinical development of TCR and cell-based therapies including marketed products.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['cell therapy company', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Zelluna ASA', 'successful completion', 'business combination', 'private placement', 'ZLNA', 'first', 'exciting, worlds first MAGE-A4 lead program', 'shelf’ T Cell Receptor based', 'Hans Vassgård Eid', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'life science specialist investors', 'Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority', 'shelf” cell therapy platform', 'high value cancer markets', 'cell therapy application', 'share capital increases', 'two key challenges', 'strong intellectual property', 'entire therapeutic field', 'unmet medical need', 'serial biotech entrepreneurs', 'Jens Bjørheim', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'massive commercial opportunities', 'stock exchange announcements', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'largest cancer burden', 'CFO Anders Holm', 'new share capital', 'groundbreaking cell therapies', 'late-stage cancer patients', 'world leading position', 'TCR-NK therapeutic field', 'cell therapy company', 'novel TCR-NK platform', 'solid cancer patients', 'Zelluna Immunotherapy AS', 'Private Placement Shares', 'lead asset', 'first day', 'financial flexibility', 'Norwegian Register', 'nominal value', 'public markets', 'shareholder value', 'Anders Tuv', 'new doors', '147,991,521 new shares', 'solid cancers', 'solid tumours', 'pioneering allogeneic', 'Natural Killer', 'TCR-NK) cells', 'Business Combination', 'regulatory clearances', 'Consideration Shares', 'Business Enterprises', 'name change', 'Ultimovacs ASA', 'ticker code', 'liquid cancers', 'neck cancers', 'global access', 'current therapies', 'global scale', 'NK cells', 'unprecedented opportunity', 'deep experience', 'immunotherapy products', 'Namir Hassan', 'Luise Weigand', 'Emilie Gauthy', 'Øivind Foss', 'Clinical Operations', 'Julia Ino', 'Project Management', 'pivotal moment', 'unwavering dedication', 'defining step', 'globally positioned', 'patient impact', 'bold ambitions', 'Additional information', 'management team', 'Zelluna ASA', 'successful completion', 'curative potential', 'clinical development', 'basic research', 'continued listing', 'regulatory approval', '100 patients', '202,270,653 shares', '19,873,071 shares', 'Norway', 'treatment', 'conditions', 'confirmation', 'Prospectus', 'issuance', '3 March', 'NOK', 'trading', '4 March', 'ZLNA', 'class', 'therapeutics', 'cures', 'number', 'data', 'fewer', 'successes', 'lung', 'ovarian', 'breast', 'head', 'scaling', 'game', 'components', 'range', 'Board', 'Directors', 'discovery', 'cell-based', 'CEO', 'BD', 'CMO', 'CMC', 'Today', 'journey', 'growth', 'innovation', 'visibility', 'Chairman', 'evolution', 'vision', 'transactions', '17 December', 'agreement', 'businesses', 'connection', '28 February', '03']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49167,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035973/0/en/VRANKEN-POMMERY-MONOPOLE-_-PRESS-RELEASE-Intrusion-into-the-computer-system.html,VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE _ PRESS RELEASE : Intrusion into the computer system,PRESS RELEASE  Intrusion into the computer system  Reims  March 3  2025  The Group detected an intrusion on its computer network. For security reasons ...,"PRESS RELEASEIntrusion into the computer systemReims  March 3  2025The Group detected an intrusion on its computer network. For security reasons  all servers were immediately disconnected and shut down.All necessary measures have been taken to restore activity as quickly and securely as possible.The Vranken-Pommery Monopole teams  accompanied by experts  are fully mobilized to continue partial operations in order to minimize the impact on our customers and partners. We are in close contact with them and with the relevant authorities  pending a return to normal operations in the next few days.Vranken-Pommery Monopole is a company listed on NYSE Euronext Paris and Brussels.(code ""VRAP"" (Paris)  code ""VRAB"" (Brussels); ISIN code: FR0000062796).ContactsVranken-Pommery Monopole :Franck Delval  Directeur des Contrôles Financiers+33 3 26 61 62 34  comfi@vrankenpommery.fr PressLaurent Poinsot  +33 1 53 70 74 77  lpoinsot@image7.frCaroline Simon  +33 1 53 70 74 65  caroline.simon@image7.frAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.82,0.18,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'computer system', 'Intrusion', 'The Vranken-Pommery Monopole teams', 'Contrôles Financiers', 'NYSE Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'computer system', 'computer network', 'security reasons', 'necessary measures', 'partial operations', 'close contact', 'relevant authorities', 'normal operations', 'Franck Delval', 'fr Press', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'ISIN code', 'Caroline Simon', 'Intrusion', 'Reims', 'March', 'servers', 'activity', 'experts', 'order', 'impact', 'customers', 'partners', 'return', 'days', 'company', 'Brussels', 'VRAP', 'VRAB', 'Contacts', 'Directeur', 'vrankenpommery', 'lpoinsot', 'image', 'Attachment', '1 53']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49168,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035224/0/en/Valneva-to-Present-at-Upcoming-TD-Cowen-and-Van-Lanschot-Kempen-Healthcare-Investor-Conferences.html,Valneva to Present at Upcoming TD Cowen and Van Lanschot Kempen Healthcare Investor Conferences,Saint-Herblain (France)  March 3  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its senior management will participate at upcoming investor conferences in the United States and Europe. CEO Thomas Linge…,Saint-Herblain (France)  March 3  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its senior management will participate at upcoming investor conferences in the United States and Europe. CEO Thomas Lingelbach and CFO Peter Bühler will present at the TD Cowen 45th Annual Health Care Conference  taking place March 3 - 5  2025  in Boston  MA. Mr. Lingelbach and Mr. Peter Bühler will also meet with institutional investors during the Van Lanschot Kempen Life Sciences Conference  held April 2 - 3  2025  in Amsterdam  The Netherlands.Management will discuss Valneva’s pipeline of potential first-in-class vaccine candidates  including its lead Lyme disease vaccine  VLA15  and its Shigella and Zika programs alongside the Company’s portfolio of marketed vaccines  which are expected to generate €170-180 million in revenue in 2025.The TD Cowen presentation will be webcast live and available as a replay in the “investor” section of the Valneva website at www.valneva.com.TD Cowen 45th Annual Health Care ConferenceDate/Time: March 4  1:10pm ETFormat: Presentation and investor meetingsLocation: Boston  MassachusettsWebcast Link: https://wsw.com/webcast/cowen177/vla/1855281Van Lanschot Kempen Life Sciences ConferenceDate/Time: April 3Format: Investor meetingsLocation: Amsterdam  The NetherlandsAttending institutional investors who would like to meet with Valneva management are asked to submit a request to their representative at the respective bank.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  the world’s most clinically advanced tetralent Shigella vaccine candidate  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats. More information is available at www.valneva.com.Investor & Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to business partnerships and the progress  timing  results and completion of technology transfer and regulatory approvals in additional markets. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing this information as of the date of this press release and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen Healthcare Investor Conferences', 'Upcoming TD Cowen', 'Valneva', 'TD Cowen 45th Annual Health Care Conference', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Life Sciences Conference Date/Time', 'other global public health threats', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'The TD Cowen presentation', 'CFO Peter Bühler', 'Mr. Peter Bühler', 'lead Lyme disease vaccine', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'three proprietary travel vaccines', 'tetralent Shigella vaccine candidate', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'VP Global Communications', 'earlier clinical trials', 'European Investor Relations', 'unmet medical needs', 'strong track record', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'European credit crisis', 'upcoming investor conferences', 'investor meetings Location', 'CEO Thomas Lingelbach', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'early R&D', 'specialty vaccine company', 'future clinical trials', 'class vaccine solutions', 'first chikungunya vaccine', 'growing commercial business', 'advanced clinical development', 'Mr. Lingelbach', 'other factors', 'other things', 'vaccine candidates', 'investor” section', 'multiple vaccines', 'vaccine pipeline', 'Ph.D.', 'Euronext Paris', 'United States', 'institutional investors', 'potential first', 'Zika programs', 'Webcast Link', 'respective bank', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'deep expertise', 'third-party vaccines', 'continued advancement', 'Zika virus', 'Media Contacts', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'business partnerships', 'technology transfer', 'regulatory approvals', 'additional markets', 'currency fluctuations', 'preclinical studies', 'future events', 'actual results', 'future results', 'The Netherlands', 'senior management', 'More information', 'new information', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'Valneva SE', 'Valneva website', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Valneva management', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'March', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'place', 'Boston', 'April', 'Amsterdam', 'portfolio', 'revenue', 'replay', 'Massachusetts', 'cowen17', 'request', 'representative', 'specialized', 'world', 'Pfizer', 'progress', 'timing', 'completion', 'developments', 'cases', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'delays', 'manufacture', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'Success', 'light', 'assurance', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Attachment']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49169,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035831/0/en/Tarkett-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-in-Tarkett-s-share-capital-as-of-February-28th-2025.html,Tarkett - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of February  28th  2025,PARIS  FRANCE  March 3rd  2025 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of February 28th  2025 ...,PARIS  FRANCE  March 3rd  2025 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of February 28th  2025(Article L233-8-II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers)Date Total number of shares in the share capital Total number of voting rights As of February 28th   2025 65 550 281 Number of theoretical voting rights:123 799 014Number of exercisable voting rights:123 780 455** After deduction of the treasury shares without voting rights.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of more than 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating turnover of € 3.3 billion in 2024. The Group has close to 12 000 employees  24 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 35 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors ” the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT)). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Tarkett', 'Information', 'shares', 'February', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'French Commercial Code', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'Euronext regulated market', '24 R&D centers', 'marchés financiers', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'share capital', 'February 28th', 'General Regulation', 'Autorité des', 'worldwide leader', 'sustainable flooring', '35 production sites', 'The Way', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'total number', 'The Group', 'treasury shares', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'Information', 'Article', 'Date', 'deduction', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'innovative', 'turnover', 'close', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'tarkett-group', 'Attachment']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49170,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035251/0/en/Stellantis-Publishes-Agenda-for-2025-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders.html,Stellantis Publishes Agenda for 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,Stellantis Publishes Agenda for 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  AMSTERDAM  March 3  2025 – Stellantis N.V. today announced the publication...,Stellantis Publishes Agenda for2025 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersAMSTERDAM  March 3  2025 – Stellantis N.V. today announced the publication of the agenda and explanatory notes for its 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM)  which is scheduled to take place on April 15  2025  in Amsterdam.As the terms of office for seven of the Company’s non-executive directors will conclude at the end of the AGM  the Stellantis Board of Directors has resolved to propose the re-election of Fiona Cicconi  Nicolas Dufourcq  Ann Godbehere  Claudia Parzani  and Benoît Ribadeau-Dumas. Additionally  the Board has nominated Daniel Ramot and Alice Schroeder for appointment as new non-executive directors. If elected  all proposed directors will serve a two-year term.Alice Davey Schroeder  a former Managing Director at Morgan Stanley and a senior advisor on Wall Street  brings extensive expertise in finance  accounting  and corporate governance. She currently serves on the boards of HSBC North America Holdings Inc.  Dakota Gold Corporation  and Carbon Streaming Corporation  holding key roles in audit  compensation  and governance committees. A Certified Public Accountant  she holds an MBA and BBA from the University of Texas at Austin.Daniel Ramot  an Israeli-American entrepreneur and scientist  is the co-founder and CEO of Via  a global transportation technology company operating in over 35 countries. His previous experience includes serving in the Israeli Air Force and directing supercomputer development at D. E. Shaw Research. Ramot holds a B.Sc. in Physics and Mathematics from The Hebrew University  an M.Sc. in Electrical Engineering from Tel Aviv University  and a Ph.D. in Neuroscience from Stanford University.The Board believes that Schroeder’s deep expertise in financial oversight and strategic leadership  combined with Ramot’s extensive experience in technology  research  and innovation  will provide highly valuable insights and strengthen the leadership of Stellantis.The official notice of the AGM  along with explanatory notes and related materials - including biographies of the first-time non-executive director nominees - and voting instructions  are now available on the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at www.stellantis.com. Shareholders may also request a printed copy of these materials  including Stellantis’ audited financial statements for the year ended December 31  2024  using the contact information provided below.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['2025 Annual General Meeting', 'Stellantis', 'Agenda', 'Shareholders', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'HSBC North America Holdings Inc.', 'first-time non-executive director nominees', 'global transportation technology company', 'D. E. Shaw Research', 'Carbon Streaming Corporation', 'former Managing Director', '2025 Annual General Meeting', 'Benoît Ribadeau-Dumas', 'Dakota Gold Corporation', 'Certified Public Accountant', 'Israeli Air Force', 'bold strategic plan', 'new non-executive directors', 'Tel Aviv University', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'The Hebrew University', 'Alice Davey Schroeder', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Stellantis corporate website', 'Ph.D.', 'Citroën', 'Alice Schroeder', 'corporate governance', 'Stanford University', 'The Board', 'explanatory notes', 'Fiona Cicconi', 'Nicolas Dufourcq', 'Ann Godbehere', 'Claudia Parzani', 'two-year term', 'Morgan Stanley', 'senior advisor', 'Wall Street', 'extensive expertise', 'key roles', 'governance committees', 'Israeli-American entrepreneur', 'previous experience', 'supercomputer development', 'B.Sc.', 'M.Sc.', 'Electrical Engineering', 'deep expertise', 'financial oversight', 'strategic leadership', 'extensive experience', 'valuable insights', 'official notice', 'voting instructions', 'Investors section', 'printed copy', 'financial statements', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'remaining emissions', 'Daniel Ramot', 'related materials', 'contact information', 'Stellantis Board', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Agenda', 'Shareholders', 'AMSTERDAM', 'publication', 'AGM', 'place', 'April', 'terms', 'office', 'election', 'appointment', 'finance', 'accounting', 'boards', 'MBA', 'BBA', 'Texas', 'Austin', 'scientist', 'founder', 'CEO', 'Via', '35 countries', 'Physics', 'Mathematics', 'Neuroscience', 'innovation', 'biographies', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep ®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'Attachment']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49171,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035799/0/en/Information-on-share-capital-and-voting-rights-February-2025.html,Information on share capital and voting rights - February 2025,Information on share capital and voting rights February 2025        Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code...,Information on share capital and voting rightsFebruary 2025Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and articles 221-1 2 ° f) and 223-16 of the AMF Regulations.March 3rd  2025Statement made by:Nexans S.A.Registered office : 4 Allée de l’Arche - 92400 CourbevoieRCS Nanterre 393 525 852Regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A)DateTotal number of sharesTotal number of voting rights Theorical (1) Exercisable (2) February 28th  2025 43 753 380 43 753 380 43 528 152(1) Calculated based on all shares with voting rights  including treasury shares stripped of voting rights (Art. 223-11 of AMF General Regulations).(2) For information  excluding treasury shares stripped of voting rights  excluding liquidity contract.Provision of Nexans articles of association requiring shareholders to declare the crossing of threshold other than the legal thresholds: yes.Extract of article 7 of Nexans articles of association: “Fully paid up shares may be registered or bearer at the option of the shareholder. In addition to the legal obligation to inform the company when certain fractions of the share capital are held  any natural or legal person and/or shareholder owning a number of shares in the company equal to or greater than 2 % of the share capital or voting rights must notify the company of the total number of shares held  within a period of fifteen days from the time the threshold is crossed  by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt. A further notification must be sent  in accordance with the conditions hereof  each time that a multiple of 2 % is reached.”Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['share capital', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'February', 'French commercial Code', 'AMF General Regulations', 'Nexans S.A.', 'AMF Regulations', 'Compartment A', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Registered office', '4 Allée', 'RCS Nanterre', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'liquidity contract', 'Nexans articles', 'legal thresholds', 'legal obligation', 'legal person', 'fifteen days', 'Total number', 'article L.', 'February 28th', 'treasury shares', 'Information', 'Statement', 'accordance', 'March', '92400 Courbevoie', 'Date', 'Art.', 'Provision', 'association', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'Extract', 'option', 'addition', 'company', 'fractions', 'natural', 'period', 'time', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'notification', 'conditions', 'multiple', 'Attachment', '2 °']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49172,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035907/0/en/Banijay-Group-weekly-share-transactions.html,Banijay Group: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 03 March 2025  Share Transactions Disclosure  Banijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made...,Press ReleaseParis – 03 March 2025Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 24 February to 28 February 2025 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 23 May 2024.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2025-02-24 BUY 267 8.001873 2 136.50 XAMS 2025-02-24 SELL 1183 8.060059 9 535.05 XAMS 2025-02-25 BUY 710 8.002606 5 681.85 XAMS 2025-02-25 SELL 1 8.050000 8.05 XAMS 2025-02-26 BUY 10 7.950000 79.50 XAMS 2025-02-27 SELL 15 8.050000 120.75 XAMS 2025-02-28 BUY 1 8.000000 8.00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaFY 2024 results: 6 March 2025Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ:NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).1 Previously known as FL Entertainment N.V. until 24 May 2024Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'Banijay Group', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'global entertainment leader', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'following transactions', 'live experiences', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'FY 2024 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Banijay Gaming', 'BNJ.AS', 'Paris', '03 March', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '24 February', '28 February', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '23 May', 'Number', 'BUY', 'SELL', 'XAMS', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '6 March', 'Phone', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '24 May', 'Attachment']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49173,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035225/0/en/Nicox-Presents-New-Analysis-from-the-NCX-470-Mont-Blanc-Trial-and-Provides-Development-Update.html,Nicox Presents New Analysis from the NCX 470 Mont Blanc Trial and Provides Development Update,Press Release Nicox Presents New Analysis from the NCX 470 Mont Blanc Trial and Provides Development Update  More patients on NCX 470 achieve an......,More patients on NCX 470 achieve an intraocular pressure (IOP) of less than or equal to 18 mmHg compared to latanoprostNew analysis provides additional data demonstrating differentiation of NCX 470Development activities on track for U.S. New Drug Application submission targeted in H1 2026 March 3  2025 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  today provided details of a poster presentation highlighting additional pre-planned analysis from the NCX 470 Mont Blanc Phase 3 clinical trial at the 2025 American Glaucoma Society (AGS) Annual Meeting  one of the key scientific events in vision research  which was held on February 26 to March 2  2025 in Washington  United States. The Company also provided an update on NCX 470 Development.“These data provide another example of where NCX 470 is differentiated from the standard-of-care for intraocular pressure reduction  latanoprost. In this analysis  we demonstrated that more patients achieve intraocular pressure of less than or equal to 18 mmHg on NCX 470 than on latanoprost. In addition  the mean percentage reduction in intraocular pressure was greater in patients on NCX 470 compared to those on latanoprost.” said Doug Hubatsch  Chief Scientific Officer of Nicox. “We also look forward to announcing the results of the Whistler trial  investigating the mechanism of action of NCX 470  shortly  and the second pivotal Phase 3 trial  Denali  in Q3 of this year.”Poster Title: Diurnal Intraocular Pressure Control Responder Analysis with NCX 470 Versus Latanoprost in the Phase 3 MONT BLANC TrialA statistically significant greater proportion of eyes treated with NCX 470 0.1% achieved mean diurnal IOPs of ≤18 mmHg compared to those in the latanoprost 0.005% group in this analysis of the multinational Phase 3 Mont Blanc clinical trial. Additionally  greater mean percent IOP reductions from baseline were seen in the eyes treated with NCX 470 than in eyes treated with latanoprost.Summary of key differentiating factors seen in post hoc analysis of Mont BlancStatistically significant percentage of patients achieve ≤ 18mmHg IOP on NCX 470 compared to latanoprostMean percentage reduction in IOP greater on NCX 470 than on latanoprostIn eyes with an initial IOP of ≤ 28 mmHg the IOP-lowering effect from baseline was statistically significantly greater for NCX 470 compared to latanoprost at the majority of timepoints measuredNCX 470 demonstrates a consistent lowering of IOP regardless of the baseline IOP  whereas the reduction in IOP with latanoprost is dependent on the baseline IOPA statistically significant greater proportion of patients who received NCX 470 showed an IOP reduction of greater than 10 mmHg from baseline  compared to those on latanoprost The Mont Blanc trial demonstrated that NCX 470 met the efficacy standard for approval in the United States  non-inferiority to latanoprost  with an IOP reduction of 8.0 to 9.7 mmHg. While NCX 470 failed to meet statistical superiority to latanoprost in a pre-specified secondary efficacy analysis of time-matched change from baseline IOP  NCX 470 was numerically superior to latanoprost at all time points and statistically significant (p<0.049) at 4 of 6 timepoints.The full Mont Blanc data and publications of other analyses are available on Nicox’s website in the section Publications.Update on NCX 470 DevelopmentIn addition to the Denali clinical trial  other development activities to support the preparation of a New Drug Application in the U.S. and China  where NCX 470 is partnered with Ocumension Therapeutics  are ongoing. These include supporting clinical and non-clinical trials and pharmaceutical development. Assuming a partnership for the U.S. or obtaining appropriate financing  the Company believes these activities are on track to allow an NDA filing in S1 2026  supporting potential launch in the U.S. in S1 2027.The last patient in the ongoing Whistler Phase 3b clinical trial investigating NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action (nitric oxide and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering is now expected to complete the study late in the first of 2025  and therefore the results are now expected in mid-second quarter of 2025  compared to the previous estimate of first quarter.The Denali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension remains on track with all patients recruited and topline results are expected in the third quarter 2025.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.09,0.34,0.58,True,English,"['NCX 470 Mont Blanc Trial', 'New Analysis', 'Development Update', 'Nicox', 'ongoing Whistler Phase 3b clinical trial', 'multinational Phase 3 Mont Blanc clinical trial', 'Diurnal Intraocular Pressure Control Responder Analysis', 'NCX 470 Mont Blanc Phase 3 clinical trial', 'The Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', 'greater mean percent IOP reductions', 'second pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'The Mont Blanc trial', 'full Mont Blanc data', 'New Drug Application submission', 'specified secondary efficacy analysis', 'Denali clinical trial', 'mean diurnal IOPs', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'AGS) Annual Meeting', 'key scientific events', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'key differentiating factors', 'additional pre-planned analysis', 'post hoc analysis', 'additional data demonstrating', 'significant greater proportion', '2025 American Glaucoma Society', 'mean percentage reduction', 'intraocular pressure reduction', 'Whistler trial', 'international ophthalmology company', 'other development activities', 'clinical trials', 'New analysis', 'The Company', 'significant percentage', 'efficacy standard', 'other analyses', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'pharmaceutical development', 'U.S.', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'poster presentation', 'vision research', 'United States', 'Doug Hubatsch', 'Poster Title', 'IOP-lowering effect', 'consistent lowering', 'statistical superiority', 'time-matched change', 'time points', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'appropriate financing', 'NDA filing', 'potential launch', 'last patient', 'nitric oxide', 'prostaglandin analog', 'mid-second quarter', 'previous estimate', 'first quarter', 'ocular hypertension', 'third quarter', '18mmHg IOP', 'initial IOP', 'IOP lowering', 'NCX 470 Development', 'dual mechanism', 'baseline IOP', 'NCX 470 Versus', 'Nicox SA', 'topline results', '8.0 to 9.7 mmHg', 'More patients', 'latanoprost 0.005% group', '18 mmHg', '28 mmHg', '10 mmHg', 'differentiation', 'track', 'H1 2026', 'release', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'details', 'February', 'March', 'Washington', 'update', 'example', 'care', 'action', 'Q3', 'year', 'eyes', 'Summary', 'majority', 'timepoints', 'approval', 'inferiority', 'publications', 'website', 'section', 'preparation', 'China', 'partnership', 'S1', 'study', '7:30', '≤']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49174,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035340/0/en/NOTICE-TO-CONVENE-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-FLSmidth-Co-A-S.html,NOTICE TO CONVENE the Annual General Meeting of FLSmidth & Co. A/S,COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT NO. 2-2025 3 March 2025  Copenhagen  Denmark    The Board of Directors hereby convenes the Annual General Meeting to be held on......,COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT NO. 2-20253 March 2025  Copenhagen  DenmarkThe Board of Directors hereby convenes the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 2 April 2025 at 4 pm (CEST) at the offices of the company  Vigerslev Allé 77  DK-2500 Valby.Agenda:1. The Board of Directors' report on the company’s activities in 20242. Presentation and approval of the 2024 Annual Report3. Approval of the Board of Directors’ fees:a. Final approval of fees for 2024.The Board of Directors proposes unchanged approval of the fees for 2024 that were pre-approved by the general meeting in 2024.The fees are based on a base fee of DKK 475 000 (the “ Base Fee ”) with twice that amount to the vice chair and three times that amount to the chair. An additional fee of DKK 125 000 is paid for membership on a board committee  whereby  however  such additional fee for committee chairs constitutes DKK 250 000 and for the chair of the Audit  Risk & ESG Reporting committee DKK 300 000. The chair and the vice chair do not receive committee fees.The total remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors for 2024 amounts to DKK 7m  cf. note 1.5 in the Annual Report (page 148).In addition to the above-stated remuneration  the company pays out-of-pocket expenses  including travel and transport costs  associated with the services rendered for the Board of Directors  and the company may also pay foreign social charges and similar charges  charged by foreign authorities in relation to the fees.b. Preliminary determination of fees for 2025The Board of Directors proposes that fees of the Board of Directors remain unchanged in 2025. The fees for 2025 will be presented at the Annual General Meeting in 2026 for final approval.4. Distribution of profits or covering of losses in accordance with the approved Annual ReportThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend of DKK 8 per share  corresponding to a total dividend distribution of DKK 461 m for 2024.5. Presentation of the Remuneration Report 2024 for an advisory voteThe Board of Directors proposes the approval of the Remuneration Report 2024 by advisory vote. The Remuneration Report is prepared in accordance with section 139b of the Danish Companies Act and provides an overview of the total remuneration of the Board of Directors and Executive Management in 2024. The Remuneration Report is presented in Appendix 1 and is also available on the company’s website www.fls.com.6. Election of members to the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes the re-election of Mr. Mads Nipper  Ms. Anne Louise Eberhard  Mr. Thrasyvoulos Moraitis and Ms. Anna Kristiina Hyvönen to the Board of Directors.Further  the Board of Directors proposes election of Mr. Christian Bruch  Mr. Rune Wichmann and Mr. Lars Engström as new members to the Board of Directors.Chair  Mr. Tom Knutzen and board member Mr. Daniel Lars Reimann do not seek re-election to the Board of Directors.Information on the qualifications and positions held by the individual candidates is presented in Appendix 2 and is also available on the company’s website  www.fls.com.7. Election of company auditorThe Board of Directors proposes the re-election of Ernst & Young Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab as the company’s auditor in respect of statutory financial and sustainability reporting in accordance with the recommendation of the audit committee.The Audit Committee has informed the Board of Directors that it has not been influenced by third parties and is not subject to any agreements with third parties that restrict the general meeting’s election of specific auditors or audit firms.8. Proposals from the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors submits the following proposals:8.1 – Amendment of the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes that the existing authorisations granted in article 4a of the Articles of Association to the Board of Directors to increase the company’s share capital be extended so that they are applicable until and including 2 April 2030. The new article 4a will be worded as follows:“The Board of Directors is authorised to increase the share capital by issuing new shares in one or more tranches with pre-emption rights for the Company’s existing shareholders and at a total nominal value of up to DKK 100 000 000  subject  however  to paragraph 3. The new shares must be paid in cash. The authorisation shall apply for the period until and including 2 April 2030.Further  the Board of Directors is authorised to increase the share capital by issuing new shares in one or more tranches without pre-emption rights for the Company’s existing shareholders and at a total nominal value of up to DKK 100 000 000  subject  however  to paragraph 3  provided that the increase takes place at market value. The new shares may be paid in cash or by contribution of assets other than cash. The authorisation shall apply for the period until and including 2 April 2030.The authorisations of the Board of Directors pursuant to paragraphs 1 and 2 apply to a total issue of new shares at an aggregate nominal value not exceeding DKK 100 000 000.In the case of a share capital increase pursuant to paragraphs 1 and 2  the new shares shall be issued in the name of the holder and be paid in full. The shares shall be negotiable and shall in all other respects bear the same rights as the existing shares  for example in terms of redeemability and restrictions on negotiability. The new shares shall entitle the holder to dividend from the time decided by the Board of Directors  however  not later than as from the financial year following the increase. The Board of Directors shall decide the terms and conditions for increases of the share capital that are implemented in accordance with the authorizations in paragraphs 1 and 2.”The proposed amendments to the articles of association is attached as Appendix 3 and is also available on the company’s website  www.fls.com.8.2 – Treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized until the next Annual General Meeting to let the company acquire treasury shares equivalent to a total of 10% of the company’s share capital at the time of the authorization  provided that the company’s total holding of treasury shares at no point exceeds 10% of the company’s share capital. The consideration must not deviate by more than 10% from the official price quoted on Nasdaq Copenhagen at the time of acquisition.9. Any other businessAdoption requirementsThe proposal set forth in item 8.1 of the agenda must be adopted by at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and of the share capital represented at the general meeting. The remaining proposals on the agenda can be adopted by a simple majority of votes. The Remuneration Report set forth in item 5 of the agenda is only subject to an advisory vote in accordance with the Danish Companies Act.Size of the share capital and the shareholders’ voting rightsThe company’s share capital amounts to nominally DKK 1 153 000 000  divided into shares of DKK 20 each. Each share of DKK 20 carries 20 votes.The date of registration is Wednesday 26 March 2025.Shareholders holding shares in the company on the date of registration have the right to attend and vote at the general meeting. The number of shares held by a shareholder is calculated at the date of registration based on the recording of the shareholder’s shares in the register of shareholders as well as any notices concerning ownership received by the company to be recorded in the register of shareholders. Attendance is also subject to the shareholder having timely obtained an admission card as described below.Shareholders holding shares through a nominee must exercise voting rights through the nominee structure. This entails that any votes  including amendment of votes submitted by proxy  must be submitted to the company by the nominee.Admission cardShareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must request an admission card. The request must be received by the company no later than Friday 28 March 2025 at 11.59 pm (CET) . Admission cards may be ordered via FLSmidth’s InvestorPortal at www.fls.com/gf.FLSmidth & Co. A/S sends out admission cards by email. In order to receive an admission card  the shareholder's email address must be registered at FLSmidth’s InvestorPortal at www.fls.com/gf. Following registration the shareholder will receive an electronic admission card  which must be presented at the Annual General Meeting by using e.g. a smartphone or tablet. Alternatively  a printed version of the admission card may be presented. If the admission card is not presented  access may be granted to the general meeting on presentation of due proof of identity.ProxyProxies must be submitted electronically via FLSmidth’s InvestorPortal at www.fls.com/gf (requires electronic password) or in writing by using the proxy/postal vote form that can be downloaded at www.fls.com/gf . If the form is used  the completed and signed form must be received by Euronext Securities (VP Securities A/S)  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  DK-1402 København K (scanned version to CPH-investor@euronext.com)  no later than Friday 28 March 2025 at 11.59 pm (CET).Postal votePostal votes must be submitted electronically via FLSmidth’s InvestorPortal at www.fls.com/gf (requires electronic password) or in writing by using the proxy/postal vote form that can be downloaded at www.fls.com/gf. If the form is used  the completed and signed form must be received by Euronext Securities (VP Securities A/S)  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  DK-1402 København K (scanned version to CPH-investor@euronext.com)  no later than Tuesday 1 April 2025 at 12 noon (CEST) . A postal vote cannot be withdrawn.Additional informationUntil and including the day of the Annual General Meeting  the company’s website  www.fls.com/gf  will provide additional information about the general meeting  including the 2024 Annual Report  information about the total number of shares and voting rights on the date of the notice  this notice with the agenda and the complete proposals  including other appendices  the proxy/postal vote form for the Annual General Meeting and the proposed updated articles of association. The 2024 Annual Report is only available in English.As of Monday 3 March 2025  the information will also be available for inspection by the shareholders at the company’s head office at Vigerslev Allé 77  DK-2500 Valby.Questions from shareholdersShareholders may submit questions to the agenda or documents etc. to be used at the Annual General Meeting in writing to FLSmidth & Co. A/S  Vigerslev Allé 77  DK-2500 Valby  or by email to agm@flsmidth.com.WebcastThe entire Annual General Meeting will be webcasted live on the company’s website  www.fls.com/gf  and the webcast will subsequently be available on the website. The webcast will only cover the podium. Reference is made to the company’s personal data policy available on the company’s website for additional information on collection and processing of personal data in connection with the Annual General Meeting.ParkingThe company’s address is at Vigerslev Allé 77  DK-2500 Valby. There are only a limited number of parking spaces at the address.Valby  3 March 2025FLSmidth & Co. A/SThe Board of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'NOTICE', 'FLSmidth', 'Co', 'A/S', 'Ms. Anna Kristiina Hyvönen', 'Ms. Anne Louise Eberhard', 'Mr. Lars Engström', 'Mr. Daniel Lars Reimann', 'Mr. Mads Nipper', 'Mr. Thrasyvoulos Moraitis', 'Mr. Christian Bruch', 'Mr. Rune Wichmann', 'Mr. Tom Knutzen', 'Danish Companies Act', 'Young Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab', 'total nominal value', 'foreign social charges', 'ESG Reporting committee', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new article 4a', 'The Audit Committee', 'The Remuneration Report', 'total dividend distribution', 'total remuneration', 'market value', '2024 Annual Report', 'similar charges', 'foreign authorities', 'sustainability reporting', 'committee chairs', 'audit firms', 'stated remuneration', 'new shares', 'Vigerslev Allé', 'base fee', 'additional fee', 'pocket expenses', 'transport costs', 'Preliminary determination', 'advisory vote', 'section 139b', 'Executive Management', 'individual candidates', 'statutory financial', 'third parties', 'specific auditors', 'pre-emption rights', 'existing shareholders', 'share capital', 'board committee', 'committee fees', 'Final approval', 'unchanged approval', 'new members', 'following proposals', 'existing authorisations', 'The Board', 'vice chair', ""Directors' report"", 'Wednesday 2 April', 'board member', 'COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT', 'company auditor', 'Directors’ fees', '3 March', 'Copenhagen', 'Denmark', 'offices', '500 Valby', 'Agenda', 'activities', 'Presentation', 'a.', 'DKK', 'amount', 'membership', 'Risk', 'note', 'page', 'travel', 'services', 'relation', 'profits', 'losses', 'accordance', 'overview', 'Appendix', 'website', 'fls', 'Election', 'Information', 'qualifications', 'positions', 'Ernst', 'respect', 'recommendation', 'agreements', 'Amendment', 'articles', 'association', 'one', 'tranches', 'paragraph', 'cash', 'period', 'increase', 'place', 'contribution', 'assets', '2025', '4.']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49175,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035236/0/en/ING-to-repurchase-shares-for-employee-compensation.html,ING to repurchase shares for employee compensation,ING to repurchase shares for employee compensation  ING announced today the start of a share repurchase programme under which it plans to repurchase......,ING to repurchase shares for employee compensationING announced today the start of a share repurchase programme under which it plans to repurchase ordinary shares of ING Groep N.V.  for a maximum total amount of €70 million. The purpose of the share repurchase programme is to meet obligations under ING’s share-based compensation plans.The share repurchase will commence on 3 March 2025 and is expected to end no later than 7 March 2025.The ECB has approved the repurchase  which will be executed in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation and within the limitations of the existing authority to acquire a maximum of 20% of the issued shares as granted by the general meeting of shareholders on 22 April 2024.More information on our share buyback programmes can be found on the Investor Relations section of the ING website: https://www.ing.com/Investor-relations/Share-information/Share-buyback-programme.htm.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news X feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI was reconfirmed by MSCI as 'AA' in August 2024 for the fifth year. As of December 2023  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’. Our current ESG Risk Rating  is 17.2 (Low Risk). ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers. Here are some examples: Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell. Society is transitioning to a low-carbon economy. So are our clients  and so is ING. We finance a lot of sustainable activities  but we still finance more that’s not. Follow our progress on ing.com/climate.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. The Financial statements for 2024 are in progress and may be subject to adjustments from subsequent events. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets(5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.13,0.14,0.73,True,English,"['employee compensation', 'ING', 'shares', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', 'current ESG Risk Rating', 'Investor Relations section', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'related market disruption', 'share buyback programmes', 'global financial institution', 'financial economic crimes', 'share-based compensation plans', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'state compensation schemes', 'strong European base', 'major market participant', 'particular economic conditions', 'ING Group shares', 'share repurchase programme', 'maximum total amount', 'Frequent news updates', 'wholesale banking services', 'general economic conditions', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'other forward-looking statements', 'The Financial statements', 'ESG rating', 'Investor enquiries', 'financial services', 'Low Risk', 'current views', 'financial markets', 'employee compensation', 'EU Regulation', 'financial information', 'The ECB', 'general meeting', 'European Union', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ordinary shares', 'existing authority', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'fifth year', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'low-carbon economy', 'sustainable activities', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'More information', 'tax laws', 'subsequent events', 'start', 'purpose', 'obligations', '3 March', '7 March', 'compliance', 'limitations', 'shareholders', '22 April', 'Share-buyback-programme', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'actions', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'August', 'December', 'management', 'examples', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Society', 'clients', 'lot', 'progress', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'adjustments', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'number', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', '2024']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49176,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035220/0/en/ING-acquires-stake-in-Van-Lanschot-Kempen.html,ING acquires stake in Van Lanschot Kempen,ING acquires stake in Van Lanschot Kempen  ING announced today that it has reached an agreement with Reggeborgh Groep B.V. on the acquisition of a...,ING acquires stake in Van Lanschot KempenING announced today that it has reached an agreement with Reggeborgh Groep B.V. on the acquisition of a 17.6% stake in Van Lanschot Kempen N.V.  a specialist wealth manager serving Private  Institutional and Investment banking clients  operating predominantly in the Netherlands and Belgium. Together with an existing 2.7% stake  ING will hold a 20.3% stake in Van Lanschot Kempen after completion of the transaction.“Van Lanschot Kempen is a respected  listed  well-capitalised  profitable wealth manager with a strong specialist position in amongst others the Netherlands and Belgium. Their history goes back almost three centuries. Acquiring this stake presents an attractive financial opportunity and with this transaction we are executing on our goal to enhance our position in private banking and wealth management ” said ING CEO Steven van Rijswijk. “We see this transaction as a long-term financial investment and we support Van Lanschot Kempen’s management  recognising the strong progress in the execution of their strategy.”Under the terms of the agreement  ING has directly acquired a stake of 7.2%  bringing its stake in Van Lanschot Kempen to 9.9%. The remainder of the transaction is subject to regulatory approval. The transaction is expected to have a minimal impact on ING’s CET1 ratio.Note for editorsFor more on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Raymond Vermeulen ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 6369 Investor.Relations@ing.com Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI was reconfirmed by MSCI as 'AA' in August 2024 for the fifth year. As of December 2023  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’. Our current ESG Risk Rating  is 17.2 (Low Risk). ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers including Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. The Financial statements for 2024 are in progress and may be subject to adjustments from subsequent events. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.17,0.73,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'ING', 'stake', 'ING CEO Steven van Rijswijk', 'Van Lanschot Kempen N.V.', '2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'Reggeborgh Groep B.V.', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'ING Bank N.V.', 'operating company ING Bank', 'current ESG Risk Rating', 'ING Group Investor Relations', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'same accounting principles', 'state compensation schemes', 'attractive financial opportunity', 'long-term financial investment', 'global financial institution', 'specialist wealth manager', 'profitable wealth manager', 'ING Group shares', 'Investment banking clients', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'global economic impact', 'major market participant', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'strong European base', 'Frequent news updates', 'wholesale banking services', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'related market disruption', 'other forward-looking statements', 'strong specialist position', 'The Financial statements', 'ESG rating', 'Low Risk', 'current views', 'financial information', 'financial markets', 'minimal impact', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'Investor enquiries', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'strong progress', 'three centuries', 'private banking', 'regulatory approval', 'CET1 ratio', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'fifth year', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'wealth management', 'subsequent events', 'existing 2.7% stake', 'Raymond Vermeulen', '17.6% stake', '20.3% stake', 'agreement', 'acquisition', 'Institutional', 'Netherlands', 'Belgium', 'completion', 'transaction', 'respected', 'listed', 'others', 'history', 'goal', 'execution', 'strategy', 'terms', 'remainder', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'actions', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'August', 'December', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'adjustments', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'number', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'benchmark', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'laws']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49177,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/03/3035889/0/en/Full-Year-2024-Results-Progress-on-the-implementation-of-the-FOCUS-27-plan-driven-by-enhanced-effectiveness-and-financial-discipline.html,Full-Year 2024 Results - Progress on the implementation of the FOCUS-27 plan driven by enhanced effectiveness and financial discipline,Press Release Paris  3rd March  2025 Full-year 2024 results1: Operational resilience and strong increase in Free Cash Flow before financing in a......,Press ReleaseParis  3rd March  2025Full-year 2024 results1: Operational resilience and strong increase in Free Cash Flow before financing in a challenging environmentNet sales down 10.0% to €911.9 million  driven by lower volumes for Sanofi and the suspension of production at Brindisi  only partly offset by encouraging commercial momentumCore EBITDA at €50.4m  with margin down 370bps year-on-year to 5.5%  due notably to unfavorable fixed cost impact€(43.6) million EBITDA  including €87.1 million exceptional costs related to the implementation of FOCUS-27€(130.6) million Net income  compared to €(189.7) million in 2023Cash Flow before financing at €15.0 million  up from €(132.2) million in 2023  driven by tight inventory management (€94.0 million decrease year-on-year) and improved cash collection  more than offsetting lower EBITDA€108.0 million CAPEX (11.8% of sales)Net cash position at €25.2 million  compared to €171.0 million net debt as of December 2023  mainly reflecting the impact of the refinancing plan successfully achieved in Q3 2024FOCUS-27 strategic plan: timely execution toward restored sustainable  profitable growthEncouraging progress across all four pillars of the FOCUS-27 plan  including growth in highly differentiated API sales  ongoing industrial footprint rationalization  and commercial momentum in CDMOAnnual run-rate incremental Core EBITDA target of €75-80m by the end of 2027 confirmed22025 outlook: rebound in profitability (see main operational assumptions page 8)In 2025  EUROAPI will continue focusing on enhancing profitability and protecting cash flow from operations while investing in future growth.For the full year 2025  the increase in sales to other clients should be offset by a further decline in sales to Sanofi. Consequently  we expect net sales to range from slightly decreasing to steady on a comparable basis 3 compared to the full year 2024 .compared to the full year 2024 Core EBITDA margin should improve  driven by increased industrial  procurement  and operational efficiencies  and should reach between 7% and 9% of net sales.EUROAPI’s decarbonization roadmap confirmed and aligned with the Paris Agreement100% of electricity purchased by industrial sites from renewable sources 4SBTi committed“Despite the challenging global landscape in 2024  we have made progress in the company’s transformation. Our fully financed FOCUS-27 plan has now entered its second year of implementation ” said David Seignolle  Chief Executive Officer of EUROAPI. “This year  our priority is to execute swiftly and effectively  streamline our processes  enhance our agility  and adapt to evolving market conditions to better serve our customers. Looking ahead to 2025  we anticipate a rebound in profitability  driven by efficiencies across the company. In the longer term  we are confident in EUROAPI’s potential for sustainable and profitable growth  as well as in our role in strengthening Europe’s healthcare sovereignty.”2024 consolidated key figures(in € millions) FY-2024 FY-2023 Net Sales 911.9 1 013.2 Year-on-year change in % -10.0% +3.8% Gross profit 142.4 164.6 Gross Profit Margin 15.6% 16.2% EBITDA (43.6) 68.6 Core EBITDA 50.4 93.1 Core EBITDA Margin 5.5% 9.2% Net Income (130.6) (189.7) Basic EPS (in euros) (1.38) (2.02) Free Cash Flow before Financing 15.0 (132.2) Net (Debt) / Cash Position 25.2 (171.0)2024 non-financial key figuresFY-2024 FY-2023 GHG emissions scope 1 and 25(metric tons of CO2) 96 472 107 454 Share of renewable energy consumption 27% 26% Water Consumption (in 000 m3)Intensity (thousand m3/Mn € compared to sales) 5530.60 6500.64 Total waste produced (in metric tons)% non-recycled 60 38440% 84 11748% Solvent consumed% Solvent Recycling 70 56474% 86 65673% Total recordable Injury Frequency(per 1 000 000 hours worked) 4.6 2.8 Women in Extended Leadership team(in % of total workforce) 34.2% 35.9%2024 Net SalesEUROAPI 2024 Net Sales reached €911.9 million  -10.0% versus 2023 and -9.4% at Constant Exchange Rates (CER)6. Excluding the Brindisi site  which was affected by a temporary suspension of production  net sales would have declined by 7.3%.Net sales per type of activity(in € millions) FY-2024 FY-2023 Change API Solutions – Other clients 354.1 360.3 -1.7% API Solutions – Sanofi 309.5 367.2 -15.7% API Solutions 663.6 727.5 -8.8% CDMO – Other clients 135.6 180.5 -24.8% CDMO – Sanofi 112.7 105.3 7.0% CDMO 248.3 285.8 -13.1% Net sales 911.9 1 013.2 -10.0% Total Net Sales – Sanofi 422.2 472.5 -10.7% Total Net Sales – Other clients 489.7 540.7 -9.4%API SolutionsAPI Solutions' net sales decreased by 8.8% to €663.6 million.The decline in sales to Sanofi (-15.7%) was mainly due to reduced volume  especially in Sevelamer  manufactured in Haverhill  and the suspension of production in Brindisi. 2024 Net sales include €38 million from the revision of the historical Global MSA clauses agreed with Sanofi in February 2024  primarily related to the stock clearance of Buserelin (€21 million accounted for in H1 2024). Sales to Other Clients declined by 1.7%. The positive momentum from the cross-selling strategy (contributing to approximately 9.5% of API Solutions sales to Other Clients in 2024) and from the addition of 37 new clients was offset by the temporary suspension of API production in Brindisi  and lower sales of Vitamin B12  due to reduced demand and a timing impact (some sales originally scheduled in Q4 were postponed to 2025).CDMOCDMO sales decreased by 13.1% to €248.3 million  with 58 active contracts at the end of 2024  down from 69 in 2023. Sixteen new projects were signed  65% with new customers. The decline in the number of projects was due  notably  to the successful completion of eight projects  which are suspended until the next phase  and the discontinuation of seven mature pre-carve-out commercial projects.Sales to Sanofi rose by 7.0%  driven by the ramp-up of a sizeable commercial phase contract in Large Molecules and by the production of BTK inhibitor starting materials for Sanofi  following the positive results from the phase 3 study.Sales to other clients decreased by 24.8% due to the temporary suspension of production in Brindisi  which affected a commercial phase contract in biochemistry. The 2024 performance was further impacted by the downsizing of two large historical commercial phase contracts (approximately €40 million)  which more than offset the revenue increase from new contracts.Net Sales per type of molecule(in € million) FY-2024 FY-2023 Change Large molecules 90.5 76.5 18.3% Highly potent molecules 91.0 96.4 -5.6% Biochemistry molecules derived from fermentation 110.1 184.1 -40.2% Complex chemical synthesis molecules 620.3 656.2 -5.5% Net Sales 911.9 1 013.2 -10.0%Large molecules increased by 18.3% to €90.5 million. The downsizing of a commercial contract with a large biotech was more than offset by the one-off impact of Buserelin's stock clearance and the ramp-up of a commercial phase project with Sanofi.increased by 18.3% to €90.5 million. The downsizing of a commercial contract with a large biotech was more than offset by the one-off impact of Buserelin's stock clearance and the ramp-up of a commercial phase project with Sanofi. Highly potent molecules decreased by 5.6% to €91.0 million. On the back of a low comparison base in 2023  2024 performance was impacted by the temporary suspension of production in Brindisi  which impacted the production of an HP API.decreased by 5.6% to €91.0 million. On the back of a low comparison base in 2023  2024 performance was impacted by the temporary suspension of production in Brindisi  which impacted the production of an HP API. Biochemistry molecules derived from fermentation decreased 40.2% to €110.1 million  impacted by the temporary suspension of API production in Brindisi and a decrease in Vitamin B12 sales.decreased 40.2% to €110.1 million  impacted by the temporary suspension of API production in Brindisi and a decrease in Vitamin B12 sales. Complex chemical synthesis molecules decreased by 5.5% to €620.3 million  impacted by the decreasing API volumes from Sanofi  partially offset by the production of BTK inhibitor starting materials for Sanofi in H2.Financial performance(in € million) FY-2024 FY-2023 Net Sales 911.9 1 013.2 Other revenues 7.3 5.7 Gross profit 142.4 164.6 Gross Profit Margin 15.6% 16.2% EBITDA (43.6) 68.6 Non-recurring items 94.0 24.5 Core EBITDA 50.4 93.1 Core EBITDA Margin 5.5% 9.2% Operating Income (120.4) (234.3) Finance revenues/costs (19.2) (8.5) Income before tax (139.6) (242.8) Income tax expense 9.0 53.0 Net income/(loss) (130.6) (189.7) EPS (in euros) (1.38) (2.02) Average number of shares outstanding (in millions) 94.5 94.2 Fully diluted EPS (in euros) (1.38) (2.02) Average number of shares after dilution (in millions) 94.6 95.9Gross profit totaled €142.4 million  a decrease from €164.6 million in 2023  with the Gross Profit margin down 60 basis points year-on-year to 15.6%. Core EBITDA amounted to €50.4 million  down 45.8% compared to €93.1 million in 2023. The core EBITDA margin was 5.5% compared to 9.2% in 2023.The decrease in Core EBITDA margin was driven by several factors  including the exceptional impact of stock clearance for Buserelin in the first half of the year  the revision of the global MSA with Sanofi  reduced energy and raw materials prices  and enhanced industrial performance. These positive effects were offset notably by unfavorable fixed-cost absorption triggered by the release of products produced during the peak inflation cycle of the past 24 months.Key components of the change in Core EBITDA margin FY24/FY23 in percentage points (rounded figures) FY 2023 Core EBITDA margin 9.2% Volume +0.8 pts Price and Mix -0.4 pts Impact of Buserelin’s stock clearance +1.0 pts Industrial performance +0.8 pts Energy and Raw Materials +0.8 pts Unfavorable fixed cost absorption -2.6 pts Other Gross Margin impacts -2.4 pts OPEX -0.3 pts Haverhill and Brindisi sites -1.4 pts FY 2024 Core EBITDA margin 5.5%EBITDA was €(43.6) million compared to €68.6 million in 2023  including €87.1 million of exceptional items7  of which€62.5 million of idle costs 8 linked to the execution of FOCUS-27  including the ramp-down of two workshops in Frankfurt that started in 2024 and reduced inventories in Vertolaye linked to the execution of FOCUS-27  including the ramp-down of two workshops in Frankfurt that started in 2024 and reduced inventories in Vertolaye  €11.3 million in expenditures linked to the transformation of the company and the initial implementation of FOCUS-27  including consulting fees €12.3 million of employee-related expenses  including redundancy plans in Germany and the UK.Operating Income was €(120.4) million compared to €(234.3) million in 2023. Financial income was €(19.2) million  compared with €(8.5) million in 2023  due to the increase in interest rates and the impact of the refinancing of the Revolving Credit Facility. Income before tax was €(139.6) million. Net income was €(130.6) million in 2024.Net Debt Position and Cash Flow(in € million – rounded figures) 31 December 2024 Net cash/(Debt) position – December 2023 (171.0) Cash Flow from Operating activities 123.0 Of which change in Working Capital 159.8 (Increase)/decrease in inventories 94.0 (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables 52.2 Increase/(decrease) in trade payables (46.8) Other current assets and liabilities 60.4 Cash Flow from Investing Activities (CAPEX) (108.0) Cash Flow from Financing activities 181.1 Of which Net Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated NotesOf which Cost of Debt 197.3(10.9) Exchange rate 0.1 Net Cash/(Debt) position – December 2024 25.2The company ended 2024 with a €25.2 million Net Cash position  compared to €171 million Net Debt at the end of December 2023.The improvement was notably driven by Working Capital  including a significant deliberate reduction in inventories  per the FOCUS-27 roadmap. Months on Hand at the end of December 2024 was 6.9  down from 7.6 at the end of 2023. DSO reached 39 compared to 56 in December 2023 thanks to enhanced Cash Collection. Other current assets and liabilities include a €23 million variation in VAT tax reimbursement and €18 million paid by Sanofi to reserve a minimum available capacity for five selected products as part of the financing of FOCUS-27. An additional €36 million will be paid in 2025.Capex reached €(108.0) million (11.8% of Net Sales)  of which 53% were dedicated to growth projects  including increased capacities for Peptides and Oligonucleotides  Vitamin B12  Hormones  and Prostaglandins.Free Cash Flow before financing activities was €15.0 million  compared to €(132.2) million at the end of 2023.9 Cash flow from financing activities includes €197.3 million of Deeply Subordinated Hybrid Bonds subscribed by Sanofi in October 2024 to support the execution of the FOCUS-27 plan. This non-dilutive instrument has been classified as “Equity.” The €(10.9) million Cost of Debt comprises €4.8 million transaction cost linked to the renewal of the €451 million Revolving Credit Facility (RCF).(in € million) 31 December 2024 31 December 2023 Bank Cash Balances 75.2 34.5 Revolving Credit Facilities (50.0) (205.5) Net Debt Position 25.2 (171.0)Update on FOCUS-27 strategic planLaunched in February 2024  FOCUS-27 is a four-year strategic initiative aimed at enhancing EUROAPI's competitiveness and achieving sustainable  profitable growth. In 2024  we began implementing the plan  and various initiatives have been introduced across the plan's four pillars to improve the organization’s agility and effectiveness. On this foundation  the Group reaffirms the FOCUS-27 targets of €75 to €80 million in annual run-rate incremental Core EBITDA generated by the plan by the end of 202710  with restructuring costs estimated between €110 and €120 million11 from 2024 to 2027.Streamlined APIs portfolio: 61% of sales12 in differentiated APIsBy the end of December 2024  differentiated APIs represented 61% of EUROAPI’s portfolio  up from 57% at the end of December 2023. This growth was mainly driven by double-digit increases in Large Molecules and heightened sales momentum in Opiates.The terms for the discontinuation of the 13 APIs have been finalized with customers  including strategic stockpiling planned for 2025. By the end of December 2024  the 13 APIs scheduled for discontinuation accounted for approximately €68 million in sales (7.5% of total sales) and €(9) million in Gross Profit.Focused CDMO: 60% of current projects in late-stageThroughout the year  we concentrated on de-risking our CDMO business and enhancing our technology platforms. By the end of December 2024  60% of our projects were in late-stage phases. Additionally  large pharmaceutical companies represented 55% of our CDMO portfolio  up from 46% in 2023.As proof of the growing interest from existing clients and prospects  we received 215 incoming RFPs  up from 211 in 2023  with a median value per RFP13 up double-digits year-on-year. Of these RFPs  13% came from prospects.We experienced accelerated momentum in Large Molecules  with six new projects in 2024  including with large pharmaceutical companies. This includes four contracts in oligonucleotide and one peptide-PMO conjugate project with a large pharmaceutical company. To provide our customers with a comprehensive one-stop-shop experience  we signed a partnership with StrainChem  a French Contract Research Organization (CRO) specializing in organic green chemistry and recognized for its Liquid Phase Peptide Synthesis (SLiPPS) technology.Rationalized manufacturing footprint and high-return Capex: 53% of 2024 CAPEX dedicated to growth14The site divestments and workshops mothballing roadmaps have been initiated. The Haverhill site disposal process is in progress.The FOCUS-27 plan provides €350 to 400 million CAPEX  around 60% dedicated to growth. In 2024  €108 million was invested  with growth projects accounting for 53%. Progress was made on key strategic initiatives:By the end of 2025  the initial expansion of peptide and oligonucleotide capacities in Frankfurt will be completed  focusing primarily on oligonucleotide capacities  including complex conjugated large molecules to address growing market demand and align with the Group’s emphasis on high-value projects. Additionally  the newly signed partnership with StrainChem significantly enhances peptide capacities through liquid-phase synthesis.Capacity increase projects in Vitamin B12  Prostaglandins  Corticosteroids  Hormones  and Opiates are progressing well and should significantly enhance EUROAPI’s growth profile by the end of the plan. A new project has been initiated in Elbeuf  combining substantial greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction and a significant decrease in water withdrawal. Overall  €19 million will be invested between 2024 and 2029 (approximately €8 million until 2027) to support the Group's commitments to the Paris Agreement and help reduce our GHG emissions. This initiative replaces the steam generation biomass boiler project that was initially planned.Organizational transformation and more efficient ways of workingSeveral initiatives have been launched throughout the year to transform the company into a more agile organization and to enhance ways of working across all areas. In 2024  a streamlined and centralized Procurement organization was established to help reduce both direct and indirect costs. Excluding the Brindisi and Haverhill sites  which are planned to be divested by the end of the plan  the headcount has been decreased across all functions. Approximately 180 positions have been removed out of the 550 targeted for reduction by the end of 2027.Environment – Social - GovernanceChange in Board of Directors’ compositionAt the March 3  2025  Board meeting  Claire Giraut announced that she will be stepping down as Independent Director and Chair of the Audit Committee  effective at the Annual Shareholder Meeting on May 21  2025. The Board of Directors acknowledged her decision and appointed Rodolfo Savitzky as the new Chair of the Audit Committee  effective May 21  2025. The percentage of independent directors will remain compliant with the AFEP-MEDEF code.Rodolfo Savitzky is a seasoned finance executive with extensive experience in the Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) industry and finance. He joined EUROAPI’s Board as an Independent Director on September 1st  2022  and became a member of the Audit Committee in January 2023.Emmanuel Blin  Chair of the Board  and the Directors of EUROAPI would like to express their sincere gratitude to Claire Giraut for her guidance and active contributions to the Board.ESG RoadmapCommitments Initiatives 2024 score Accelerate innovation for environmental sustainability100% sites ISO14001/50001 certification 100% ~ 100% sites with purchased electricity from renewable sources 83% (100% since January 2025) -42% of CO2 emissions reduction (vs. 2022) by 2030 (scope 1&2) – Objective revised in 2024 -13% Create a safe and multicultural workplace30% women in the Extended Leadership Team (ELT) 34.2% LTI – Lost Time Injury frequency rate to 1.5 by 2025 3.1 TRI – Total Recordable Injury frequency rate to 2.5 by 2025 4.6 Uphold best-in-class corporate governance100% completion of code of ethics and compliance training 95.9% 100% completion of anti-corruption trainings (3 training)  among the functions at risks 96.7%The LTI (Lost Time Injury) frequency and TRI (Total Recordable Injury) frequency rates did not meet the targets of 1.5 and 2.5  respectively  set for 2025. Our injury indicators were affected by a few minor accidents (such as stair falls or back injuries) that resulted in situations where employees could not return to physical activity for a more extended period than in 2023  which has impacted the severity rate. Actions have been implemented to enhance the safety of our employees  including a new accident prevention plan and the roll-out of the LEX project (Learning from Experience) to improve knowledge sharing  collaboration  and accident investigation.Decarbonization targets for 2030  aligned with the Paris Agreement SBTi commitmentTo align with the 1.5°C trajectory  the Group has set new  more ambitious 2030 decarbonization targets and committed to SBTi. The revised targets are42% GHG emissions reduction for scope 1 and scope 2 by 2030 (vs. 2022)25% GHG emissions reduction for scope 3 by 2030 (vs. 2022)Carbon neutrality in 2050Amended contractual commercial terms with SanofiIn February 2024  Sanofi and EUROAPI agreed on several revisions of the Manufacturing and Supply Agreement signed in October 2021. These revisions include:The cancellation of the mutual performance clause that required notably EUROAPI to retrocede to Sanofi a portion of the fixed and variable cost savings realized on APIs sold to Sanofi annuallyPrice increases on five selected APIsThe evolution of the pass-through clause for key raw materials and solvents  with full compensation by Sanofi in case of an above 20% price increaseThe narrowing of the Price-Volume corridor  an annual compensation mechanism protecting both parties from annual revenue fluctuationShortened payment terms.Further amendments were agreed as part of the financing of FOCUS-27 plan  including secured volumes for Sevelamer. These revisions are Regulated Agreements pursuant to the French Commercial Code and will be submitted to the next Annual General Meeting on 21 May 2025.FY 2025 Guidance operational and financial main driversEUROAPI full-year guidance was built on the following assumptions:Net Sales are expected to range from slightly decreasing to steady. This should notably be driven by solid growth in API sales to clients other than Sanofi  particularly in HP APIs  and Opiates  and by double-digit growth in sales from early-phase CDMO  offset by continued reduced API demand from Sanofi  particularly for Sevelamer  a slight decrease in Vitamin B12 sales  and the discontinuation of several pre-carve-out mature CMO projects.2025 sales will also include a positive impact of the build-up of strategic inventories by customers affected by the discontinuation of the 13 APIs.The Core EBITDA margin improvement to a 7% to 9% range should be supported by further industrial efficiencies  enhanced procurement  and cost-effectiveness across all functions. EBITDA should be impacted by further exceptional items (including idle costs)  though to a lesser extent than in 2024.Cash flow before financing should include ongoing improvement of working capital  although slower than in 2024  and the positive impact of Sanofi’s investment in securing future product capacities (€36 million for the full year). The 2025 CAPEX should be slightly lower than the 2024 level as a result of the optimization of maintenance CAPEX.Glossary and definition of non-GAAP indicatorsNet Sales at Constant Exchange Rate (CER)FY 2024 sales at FY 2023 Exchange ratesOn a comparable basisAt constant perimeter and constant exchange ratesEBITDA and Core EBITDAEBITDA corresponds to operating income (loss) restated for depreciation and amortization and net impairment of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment.Core EBITDA thus corresponds to EBITDA restated for restructuring costs and similar items (excluding depreciation and write-downs)  allocations net of reversals of unutilized provisions for environmental risks  and other items not representative of the Group’s current operating performance or related to the effects of acquisitions or disposals.Cash Flow before Financing activitiesCash Flow before Financing activities corresponds to the sum of Cash Flow from Operating Activities and Cash Flow from Investing Activities as presented in the consolidated statement of Cash Flow.Months on Hand (MOH)Net Inventory value at the of the period divided by Net SalesNew clientsClients representing at least €50 thousands of net sales on the year.Cross SellingSelling a different product to an existing client that is already buying one or several products from EUROAPI.Early-stage and Late-stage projectsEarly-stage: pre-clinical  phase 1  and phase 2Late-stage: phase3  in validation  and commercialPresentation of 2024 resultsEUROAPI’s management will hold an audio webcast presentation (04 March 2025) at 8 :30 a.m. CET. (live and replay)  and the presentations are available on the corporate website Full-Year 2025 ResultsEUROAPI consolidated financial statements as of December 31  2024  were approved by the Board of Directors on March 3rd  2025. A presentation related to this announcement is also available on EUROAPI’s website (www.euroapi.com). Audit procedures on consolidated financial statements have been performed  and the certification report on the consolidated financial statements will be issued once the management report has been approved by the Board of Directors and verified by the Statutory Auditors.Financial agenda (all dates to be confirmed)21 May 2025: 2025 Annual General Meeting29 July 2025: H1 2025 resultsAbout EUROAPIEUROAPI is focused on reinventing active ingredient solutions to sustainably meet customers’ and patients’ needs around the world. We are a leading player in active pharmaceutical ingredients with approximately 200 products in our portfolio  offering a large span of technologies while developing innovative molecules through our Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) activities.Taking action for health by enabling access to essential therapies inspires our 3 650 people every day. With strong research and development capabilities and six manufacturing sites  all located in Europe  EUROAPI ensures API manufacturing of the highest quality to supply customers in more than 80 countries. EUROAPI is listed on Euronext Paris; ISIN: FR0014008VX5; ticker: EAPI). Find out more at www.euroapi.com and follow us on LinkedIn.Media Relations contact:Laurence BollackTel.: +33 (0)6 81 86 80 19mr@euroapi.comInvestor Relations contact:Sophie Palliez-CapianTel.: +33 (0)6 87 89 33 51Sophie.palliez@euroapi.comForward-Looking StatementsCertain information contained in this press release is forward looking and not historical data. These forward-looking statements are based on opinions  projections and current assumptions including  but not limited to  assumptions concerning the Group’s current and future strategy  financial and non-financial future results and the environment in which the Group operates  as well as events  operations  future services or product development and potential. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Forward looking statements and information do not constitute guarantees of future performances  and are subject to known or unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  a large number of which are difficult to predict and generally outside the control of the Group  which could cause actual results  performances or achievements  or the results of the sector or other events  to differ materially from those described or suggested by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those that are indicated and detailed in Chapter 3 “Risk factors” of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers  AMF) on April 5  2024. These forward-looking statements are given only as of the date of this press release and the Group expressly declines any obligation or commitment to publish updates or corrections of the forward-looking statements included in this press release in order to reflect any change affecting the forecasts or events  conditions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based.AppendixMain FY 2024 eventsOn January 25  2024   EUROAPI announced that it had initiated a pivotal collaboration with SpiroChem  a leading Contract Research Organization (CRO).  EUROAPI announced that it had initiated a pivotal collaboration with SpiroChem  a leading Contract Research Organization (CRO). On March 14  2024   EUROAPI announced the pause of API production at the Brindisi site in Italy after identifying quality control deficiencies and decided to suspend its full-year 2024 guidance.  EUROAPI announced the pause of API production at the Brindisi site in Italy after identifying quality control deficiencies and decided to suspend its full-year 2024 guidance. On May 23  2024   EUROAPI announced a Contract Manufacturing Organization (CMO) agreement with a global animal health company to supply key veterinary product. The total contract value is expected to range between €130 and 150 million over 2025-2029.  EUROAPI announced a Contract Manufacturing Organization (CMO) agreement with a global animal health company to supply key veterinary product. The total contract value is expected to range between €130 and 150 million over 2025-2029. On June 6  2024   EUROAPI received official notification from the European Commission that it had been selected as one of the 13 companies eligible to share up to EUR 1 billion in total public funding under the Important Project of Common European Interest (IPCEI) dedicated to the pharmaceutical sector.  EUROAPI received official notification from the European Commission that it had been selected as one of the 13 companies eligible to share up to EUR 1 billion in total public funding under the Important Project of Common European Interest (IPCEI) dedicated to the pharmaceutical sector. On June 18  2024   EUROAPI announced the implementation of a 5-year development and manufacturing agreement with Priothera  a biotechnology company specializing in treating hematological malignancies and improving CAR-T cell therapies.  EUROAPI announced the implementation of a 5-year development and manufacturing agreement with Priothera  a biotechnology company specializing in treating hematological malignancies and improving CAR-T cell therapies. On June 26  2024   EUROAPI detailed the FOCUS-27 strategy and announced its target to generate €75 million to €80 million annual run-rate incremental Core EBITDA by the end of 2027.  EUROAPI detailed the FOCUS-27 strategy and announced its target to generate €75 million to €80 million annual run-rate incremental Core EBITDA by the end of 2027. On October 10  2024   EUROAPI announced that it has completed and secured the financing of its FOCUS-27 strategic plan and agreed with Sanofi to further amend the Manufacturing and Supply Agreement signed in 2021.  EUROAPI announced that it has completed and secured the financing of its FOCUS-27 strategic plan and agreed with Sanofi to further amend the Manufacturing and Supply Agreement signed in 2021. On December 9  2024  Emmanuel Blin was appointed Chair of the Board following the resignation of Viviane Monges  and David Seignolle Chief Executive Officer  following the resignation of Ludwig de Mot.CDMO projects at the end of December 2024(Number of CDMO projects) Phase 1 and earlier Phase 2 Phase 3 Commercial Phase Total Large molecules 4 3 2 4 13 Highly potent molecules 1 1 2 Biochemistry molecules derived from fermentation 1 5 6 Complex chemical synthesis molecules 8 6 6 17 37 Total 14 9 8 27 58Consolidated Income Statement(en € millions) 31-Dec-24 31-Dec-23 Net sales 911.9 1 013.2 Other revenues 7.3 5.7 Cost of sales (776.8) (854.3) Gross profit 142.4 164.6 Selling and distribution expenses (37.6) (40.9) Research and development expenses (25.8) (29.6) Administrative and general expenses (89.4) (90.0) Other operating income and expense 2.0 0.4 Impairment of assets (18.8) (226.4) Restructuring costs and similar items (93.1) (12.3) Other gains and losses  and litigation 0.0 0.0 Operating income/(loss) (120.4) (234.3) Financial expenses (28.1) (10.9) Financial income 9.0 2.5 Income/(loss) before tax (139.6) (242.7) Income tax expense 9.0 53.0 Net income/(loss) (130.6) (189.7)Consolidated Balance Sheet(en € millions) 31-Dec-24 31-Dec-23 Goodwill 0.0 4.6 Property  plant and equipment 491.3 468.9 Right-of-use assets 38.0 37.2 Intangible assets 38.1 34.2 Other non-current assets 4.6 9.0 Deferred tax assets 87.2 79.2 Non-current assets 659.2 633.1 Inventories 524.2 644.8 Trade receivables 161.3 216.3 Other current assets 44.6 83.7 Cash and cash equivalents 73.0 34.5 Assets held for sale 27.2 Current assets 830.3 979.3 Total assets 1 489.5 1 612.4(en € millions) 31-Dec-24 31-Dec-23 Equity attributable to owners of the parent 983.5 927.7 Total equity 983.5 927.7 Non-current lease liabilities 13.2 15.5 Provisions 164.4 158.6 Other non-current liabilities 0.0 0.0 Deferred tax liabilities 0.0 1.6 Non-current liabilities 177.6 175.7 Trade payables 104.9 159.6 Other current liabilities 152.5 139.3 Current lease liabilities 5.3 4.6 Short-term debt and other financial liabilities 50.6 205.4 Liabilities related to assets held for sale 15.2 0.0 Current liabilities 328.4 508.9 Total equity and liabilities 1 489.5 1 612.4Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow(in € millions) 31-Dec-24 31-Dec-23 Net income / (loss) (130.6) (189.7) Depreciation & amortization 76.8 302.9 Income tax expense (9.0) (53.0) Other profit or loss items with no cash effect and reclass of interest 29.8 13.7 Operating cash flow before changes in working capital (32.9) 73.9 (Increase)/decrease in inventories 94.0 (40.4) (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables 52.2 48.9 Increase/(decrease) in trade payables (46.8) (52.9) Net change in other current assets and other current liabilities 56.4 (24.3) Net cash provided by operating activities 122.9 5.1 Acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (108.0) (132.8) Acquisitions of consolidated undertakings and equity-accounted investments (4.5) Proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment  intangible assets and other non-current assets  net of tax 0.0 - Net cash (used in) investing activities (108.0) (137.3) Capital increases - - Net issuance of perpetual subordinated notes 197.3 Repayment of lease liabilities (5.5) (7.3) Net change in short-term debt (155.0) 105.0 Finance costs paid (10.9) (6.1) Acquisitions and disposals of treasury shares (0.1) (0.6) Other net cash flow arising from financing activities 0.7 1.2 Net cash provided by financing activities 26.5 92.2 Impact of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (0.6) 0.0 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 40.7 (40.0) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 34.5 74.5 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 75.2 34.5Reconciliation of Consolidated Operating Income (EBIT) to restated Core EBITDA(in € millions) 31-Dec-24 31-Dec-23 Operating income (120.4) (234.3) Depreciation and amortization 76.8 302.9 EBITDA (43.6) 68.6 Restructuring costs and similar items (excluding depreciation and amortization) 87.1 12.3 Allocations net of reversals of unutilized provisions for environmental risks 4.9 0.8 Other 2.0 11.5 Core EBITDA 50.4 93.1 Core EBITDA 5.5% 9.2%* **1 Audit procedures on consolidated financial statements have been performed  and the certification report on the consolidated financial statements will be issued once the management report has been approved by the Board of Directors and verified by the Statutory Auditors. All comments in this press release are made compared to FY 2023 figures unless stated otherwise2 Compared to 20243 See glossary page 94 January 20255 Market based6 See glossary page 97 See appendix page 158 Under-activity triggered by the implementation of FOCUS-279 See detailed in Consolidated Cash Flow Statement page 1410 Compared to 202411 Excluding the potential costs of Haverhill and Brindisi divestitures12 2024 catalog sales13 Based on RFPs received with an indication of the value14 Growth Capex include additional capacities  and performanceAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.23,0.51,True,English,"['Full-Year 2024 Results', 'FOCUS-27 plan', 'enhanced effectiveness', 'financial discipline', 'Progress', 'implementation', 'Annual run-rate incremental Core EBITDA target', 'FY-2024 FY-2023 Change API Solutions', 'FY-2023 GHG emissions scope', 'historical Global MSA clauses', 'ongoing industrial footprint rationalization', 'unfavorable fixed cost impact', '2024 non-financial key figures FY', '2024 consolidated key figures', 'tight inventory management', 'challenging global landscape', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'evolving market conditions', 'Extended Leadership team', 'Constant Exchange Rates', 'main operational assumptions', '2024 Core EBITDA margin', '93.1 Core EBITDA Margin', 'renewable energy consumption', 'Free Cash Flow', 'differentiated API sales', '164.6 Gross Profit Margin', 'FOCUS-27 strategic plan', '€171.0 million net debt', 'Net cash position', 'Total Net Sales', 'sustainable, profitable growth', '68.6 Core EBITDA', '7% API Solutions', 'year change', 'industrial, procurement', 'industrial sites', 'challenging environment', 'lower EBITDA', 'renewable sources', 'Water Consumption', '0.64 Total waste', 'total workforce', 'cash collection', 'Operational resilience', 'refinancing plan', 'FOCUS-27 plan', 'Net income', '2024 Net Sales', 'Press Release', '3rd March', 'Full-year 2024 results', 'lower volumes', 'commercial momentum', 'timely execution', 'four pillars', 'future growth', 'other clients', 'comparable basis', 'decarbonization roadmap', 'David Seignolle', 'longer term', 'healthcare sovereignty', 'Basic EPS', 'metric tons', 'reduced volume', 'stock clearance', 'operational efficiencies', 'full year', 'second year', 'strong increase', 'Paris Agreement', 'Solvent Recycling', 'Brindisi site', 'temporary suspension', '48% Solvent', 'Sanofi', 'production', 'implementation', 'CAPEX', 'December', 'Q3', 'progress', 'CDMO', '2025 outlook', 'rebound', 'profitability', 'EUROAPI', 'operations', 'decline', 'electricity', 'SBTi', 'company', 'transformation', 'priority', 'processes', 'agility', 'customers', 'potential', 'role', 'Europe', 'millions', 'euros', 'Share', '000 m', 'Intensity', 'thousand', '1,000,000 hours', '4.6 2.8 Women', 'type', 'activity', 'Sevelamer', 'Haverhill', 'revision', 'February', 'Buserelin', 'H1']",2025-03-03,2025-03-04,globenewswire.com
49178,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-03/64727503-tetragon-financial-group-limited-2024-annual-report-008.htm,Tetragon Financial Group Limited 2024 Annual Report,Tetragon has published its 2024 Annual Report. Please click below to access the report. Tetragon Financial Group Limited 2024 Annual Report As,LONDON  March 4  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has published its 2024 Annual Report. Please click below to access the report.Tetragon Financial Group Limited 2024 Annual ReportAs a reminder  Tetragon will host a conference call for investors on Wednesday  5 March 2025 at 15:30 GMT / 10:30 EST to discuss its annual report and to provide a company update.During the call  Tetragon's investment manager will also seek to address questions raised by investors  including questions e-mailed to ir@tetragoninv.com.Getting Access to the Call and Q&A:The call will be accompanied by a live presentation which can be viewed online by registering at the link below. In addition  questions can be submitted online while watching the presentation. We would encourage you to log in 15 minutes prior to the start of the call.Webcast - please use the following link to register and access the live event webcast:https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=BE8AB726-D9C7-4F63-B2F2-78D8F529C42EAudio conference - please use the following link to register for your personal audio conference call details if you cannot join the webcast: https://emportal.ink/4avv97aPresentation Replay:A replay of the call will be available for 30 days through the link provided above or by visiting http://www.tetragoninv.com/investors/calendar-and-events where a recording will posted.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon's non-voting shares are subject to restrictions on ownership by U.S. persons and are not intended for European retail investors.Please see: https://www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders/additional-information.Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomasir@tetragoninv.comPress Inquiries:Prosek PartnersPro-tetragon@prosek.comU.K. +44 203 890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.View original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-2024-annual-report-302392025.html,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited 2024 Annual Report', 'Tetragon Financial Group Limited 2024 Annual Report', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'personal audio conference call details', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', 'alternative investment fund', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'live event webcast', 'European retail investors', 'company update', 'investment manager', 'U.K.', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'European Union', 'live presentation', 'Q&A', 'voting shares', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'following link', 'Prosek Partners', 'public offer', 'Presentation Replay', 'reminder', 'Wednesday', 'March', '15:30 GMT', 'questions', 'tetragoninv', 'Access', 'addition', '15 minutes', 'start', 'onlinexperiences', 'Launch/QReg', 'ShowUUID', 'BE8AB726', 'D9C7', 'B2F', 'emportal', 'avv97a', '30 days', 'calendar', 'events', 'recording', 'restrictions', 'ownership', 'shareholders', 'release', 'inside', 'information', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'benefits', 'Section', 'prnewswire', '24-annual-report', '10:30']",2025-03-06,2025-03-04,finanznachrichten.de
49179,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/03/05/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/gtt-receives-an-order-for-the-tank-design-of-two-new-lng-carriers/2067174,GTT receives an order for the tank design of two new LNG Carriers,Paris  4 March 2025 - GTT announces that it has received  in the first quarter of 2025  an order from an Asian shipyard for the tank design of two new Liquefied Natural Gas Carriers (LNGCs) on behalf of an Asian ship-owner.,GTT receives an order for the tank design of two new LNG CarriersParis  4 March 2025 - GTT announces that it has received  in the first quarter of 2025  an order from an Asian shipyard for the tank design of two new Liquefied Natural Gas Carriers (LNGCs) on behalf of an Asian ship-owner.GTT will design the tanks of these two vessels  which will each offer a total capacity of 174 000 m³ and will be fitted with a membrane containment system from the NO96 series developed by GTT.Deliveries of the vessels are scheduled for the second and third quarters of 2027.About GTTGet the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyGTT is a technology and engineering group with expertise in the design and development of cryogenic membrane containment systems for use in the transport and storage of liquefied gases. Over the past 60 years  the GTT Group has designed and developed  to the highest standards of excellence  some of the most innovative technologies used in LNG carriers  floating terminals  onshore storage tanks and multi-gas carriers. As part of its commitment to building a sustainable world  GTT develops new solutions designed to support ship-owners and energy providers in their journey towards a decarbonised future. As such  the Group offers systems designed to enable commercial vessels to use LNG as fuel  develops cutting-edge digital solutions to enhance vessels' economic and environmental performance  and actively pursues innovation in the field of low-carbon solutions. Through its subsidiary  Elogen  which designs and manufactures proton exchange membrane (PEM) electrolysers  GTT is also actively involved in the green hydrogen sector.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in the CAC Next 20  SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indices.AdvertisementInvestor Relations Contact: [email protected] / +33 1 30 23 20 87Press Contact: [email protected] / +33 1 30 23 56 37For more information  visit www.gtt.frAdvertisementAttachmentAdvertisement,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['two new LNG Carriers', 'tank design', 'GTT', 'order', 'two new Liquefied Natural Gas Carriers', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'MSCI Small Cap indices', 'two new LNG Carriers', 'cryogenic membrane containment systems', 'proton exchange membrane', 'green hydrogen sector', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'cutting-edge digital solutions', 'onshore storage tanks', 'new solutions', 'liquefied gases', 'two vessels', 'multi-gas carriers', 'Press Contact', 'low-carbon solutions', 'first quarter', 'Asian shipyard', 'Asian ship-owner', 'total capacity', 'NO96 series', 'third quarters', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'past 60 years', 'highest standards', 'innovative technologies', 'floating terminals', 'sustainable world', 'energy providers', 'decarbonised future', 'environmental performance', 'PEM) electrolysers', 'Compartment A', 'CAC Next', 'Stoxx Europe', 'commercial vessels', ""vessels' economic"", 'tank design', 'engineering group', 'Euronext Paris', 'Advertisement Attachment', 'GTT Group', 'order', 'LNGCs', 'behalf', '174,000 m³', 'Deliveries', 'second', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'technology', 'expertise', 'development', 'use', 'transport', 'excellence', 'commitment', 'ship-owners', 'journey', 'fuel', 'innovation', 'field', 'subsidiary', 'Elogen', 'ISIN', 'SBF', 'information', 'fr', '30']",2025-03-05,2025-03-04,manilatimes.net
49180,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/pharming-group-reports-on-results-of-the-2025-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-shareholders-1034438623,Pharming Group reports on results of the 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders,Leiden  the Netherlands  March 4  2025: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming” or “the Company”) (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces today that the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (EGM) has adopted all proposals on the EGM agenda.,Leiden  the Netherlands  March 4  2025: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming” or “the Company”) (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces today that the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (EGM) has adopted all proposals on the EGM agenda.Shareholders approved the appointment of Mr. Fabrice Chouraqui as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer for a term of four years.As a result  Mr. Chouraqui succeeds Mr. Sijmen de Vries with immediate effect. To ensure a smooth hand-over of tasks and responsibilities  Mr. de Vries will remain a strategic advisor to the new CEO until December 31  2025.In addition  shareholders also approved the proposal to approve certain components of the remuneration package of Mr. Chouraqui in his capacity as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer.A recording of the webcast  presentation slides from today’s EGM  and more details regarding both agenda items are available on the Pharming website in the Investor Relations section.Dr. Richard Peters  Chairman of the Board of Directors  commented:“On behalf of the entire Board  we welcome Fabrice Chouraqui as our new Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer and we look forward to working with him to deliver on Pharming’s objectives and to further strengthen the company’s position in the rare disease market. We would also like to thank our outgoing Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  for his significant accomplishments and leadership over the past 16 years and for remaining as strategic advisor through year end.”About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKSimon Conway/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Pharming Group reports', '2025 Extraordinary General Meeting', 'results', 'Shareholders', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'outgoing Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr. Sijmen de Vries', 'rare disease market', 'Mr. de Vries', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Dr. Richard Peters', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Leon Melens T', 'Investor Relations section', 'VP Investor Relations', 'new Executive Director', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Mr. Fabrice Chouraqui', 'Mr. Chouraqui', 'new CEO', 'four years', 'immediate effect', 'smooth hand-over', 'strategic advisor', 'remuneration package', 'presentation slides', 'agenda items', 'significant accomplishments', 'past 16 years', 'year end', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'press release', 'Michael Levitan', 'FTI Consulting', 'Simon Conway', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'Pharming website', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'entire Board', 'public information', 'EGM agenda', 'Inside Information', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'Shareholders', 'proposals', 'appointment', 'term', 'result', 'tasks', 'responsibilities', 'December', 'addition', 'components', 'capacity', 'recording', 'webcast', 'today', 'details', 'Chairman', 'Directors', 'behalf', 'objectives', 'position', 'leadership', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'disclosure', 'meaning', 'Article', 'London', 'UK', 'Attachment']",2025-03-04,2025-03-04,markets.businessinsider.com
49181,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-03/64724707-pharming-group-n-v-pharming-group-reports-on-results-of-the-2025-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-shareholders-399.htm,Pharming Group N.V.: Pharming Group reports on results of the 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces today that the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders","Leiden  the Netherlands  March 4  2025: Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces today that the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (EGM) has adopted all proposals on the EGM agenda.Shareholders approved the appointment of Mr. Fabrice Chouraqui as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer for a term of four years.As a result  Mr. Chouraqui succeeds Mr. Sijmen de Vries with immediate effect. To ensure a smooth hand-over of tasks and responsibilities  Mr. de Vries will remain a strategic advisor to the new CEO until December 31  2025.In addition  shareholders also approved the proposal to approve certain components of the remuneration package of Mr. Chouraqui in his capacity as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer.A recording of the webcast  presentation slides from today's EGM  and more details regarding both agenda items are available on the Pharming website in the Investor Relations section.Dr. Richard Peters  Chairman of the Board of Directors  commented:""On behalf of the entire Board  we welcome Fabrice Chouraqui as our new Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer and we look forward to working with him to deliver on Pharming's objectives and to further strengthen the company's position in the rare disease market. We would also like to thank our outgoing Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  for his significant accomplishments and leadership over the past 16 years and for remaining as strategic advisor through year end.""About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1FTI Consulting  London  UKSimon Conway/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Pharming Group N.V.', '2025 Extraordinary General Meeting', 'results', 'Shareholders', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'outgoing Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr. Sijmen de Vries', 'rare disease market', 'Mr. de Vries', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Investor Relations section', 'Dr. Richard Peters', 'protein replacement therapies', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Leon Melens T', 'new Executive Director', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Mr. Fabrice Chouraqui', 'Mr. Chouraqui', 'new CEO', 'four years', 'immediate effect', 'smooth hand-over', 'strategic advisor', 'remuneration package', 'presentation slides', 'agenda items', 'Pharming website', 'significant accomplishments', 'past 16 years', 'year end', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'press release', 'Michael Levitan', 'FTI Consulting', 'Simon Conway', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'nl Attachment', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'entire Board', 'public information', 'EGM agenda', 'Inside Information', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'Shareholders', 'proposals', 'appointment', 'term', 'result', 'tasks', 'responsibilities', 'December', 'addition', 'components', 'capacity', 'recording', 'webcast', 'today', 'details', 'Chairman', 'Directors', 'behalf', 'objectives', 'position', 'leadership', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'disclosure', 'meaning', 'Article', 'London', 'UK']",2025-03-06,2025-03-04,finanznachrichten.de
49182,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/03/04/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/iba-and-apollo-hospitals-sign-a-term-sheet-for-one-proteusone-system-plus-a-second-one-in-option-to-be-installed-in-india/2066642,IBA and Apollo Hospitals sign a term sheet for one Proteus®ONE system plus a second one in option to be installed in India,These systems expand upon the existing collaboration between the two partners  with AHEL having previously selected an IBA Proteus ® PLUS 1 system in 2013 and introduced the first proton beam therapy in India. AHEL expects to start treating patients with the Proteus ® ONE systems by 2028.,"IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  today announces it has signed a term sheet with Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited (AHEL) for the supply of one ProteusONEcompact proton therapy solution plus a second one in option. Apollo will therefore expand access to proton therapy in India. The term sheet was signed in the presence of Her Royal Highness Princess Astrid of Belgium.These systems expand upon the existing collaboration between the two partners  with AHEL having previously selected an IBA Proteus®PLUS1 system in 2013 and introduced the first proton beam therapy in India. AHEL expects to start treating patients with the Proteus®ONE systems by 2028.Proteus®ONE is the market leading compact proton therapy system  which is upgradable over time to continue providing the latest technology to IBA users. The systems will include DynamicARC®2 beam delivery capabilities when regulatory clearance is granted.The typical end-user price for a Proteus®ONE system with a multi-year maintenance contract ranges between EUR 35 and 45 million.Olivier Legrain  Chief Executive Officer of IBA  commented: ""These contracts expand upon the close relationship we have built for more than a decade with Apollo Hospitals. Having an existing customer reaffirm their confidence in our solutions demonstrates not only the reliability and superiority of the IBA portfolio but also highlights the level of excellence of the services we deliver. We look forward to further strengthening our relationship with Apollo as we enable more patients in India to gain access to this life-saving treatment modality.”Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyDr. Prathap C Reddy  Founder and Chairman of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd  added: ""Our relentless pursuit of excellence in healthcare drives us to bring the most advanced medical technologies to India. In 2019  Apollo commissioned the first proton therapy system in India and till date we have treated over 2000 patients from over 147 countries. We are excited to partner with IBA again as we expand our proton therapy treatment capacity. The addition of Proteus®ONE further cements our position as a global leader in proton beam therapy treatments  enabling us to deliver superior clinical outcomes and improve the quality of life for cancer patients in India and worldwide.”About IBAAdvertisementIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals  and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 000 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB). More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comAbout Apollo Hospitals Entreprise LimitedApollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd (AHEL) revolutionised healthcare when Dr. Prathap C. Reddy opened the first hospital in Chennai in 1983. Today  AHEL is India's largest integrated healthcare platform with over 10 000 beds across 73 hospitals  over 6000 pharmacies and over 200 clinics and diagnostic centres  as well as 150 telemedicine centres. It is the world's leading Cardiac Centre with over 200 000 surgeries and the world's largest private cancer care provider. Apollo continues to invest in research to bring the most cutting-edge technologies  equipment and treatment protocols to ensure patients have the best available care in the world. Apollo's 100 000 family members are dedicated to bringing the best care making a better world.AdvertisementCONTACTSIBAOlivier LechienCorporate Communication DirectorAdvertisement+32 10 475 890[email protected]ICR HealthcareAmber Fennell  Angela Gray  Lucy FeatherstoneAdvertisement+44 (0) 20 3709 5700[email protected]Advertisement1 Proteus®ONE and Proteus®PLUS are the brand names of Proteus®235.2 DynamicARC® is a registered brand of the IBA's Proton Arc therapy solution currently under development phase.AdvertisementAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.34,0.0,True,English,"['one Proteus®ONE system', 'second one', 'Apollo Hospitals', 'term sheet', 'IBA', 'option', 'India', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'one ProteusONEcompact proton therapy solution', 'leading compact proton therapy system', 'largest private cancer care provider', 'Royal Highness Princess Astrid', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'Dr. Prathap C Reddy', 'Dr. Prathap C. Reddy', 'Proton Arc therapy solution', 'proton beam therapy treatments', 'first proton beam therapy', 'DynamicARC®2 beam delivery capabilities', 'first proton therapy system', 'largest integrated healthcare platform', 'proton therapy treatment capacity', 'Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited', 'Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd', 'Apollo Hospitals Entreprise Limited', 'IBA Proteus®PLUS1 system', 'proton therapy solutions', 'Proteus®ONE system', 'typical end-user price', 'multi-year maintenance contract', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'superior clinical outcomes', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'leading Cardiac Centre', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'best available care', 'particle accelerator technology', 'life-saving treatment modality', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'advanced medical technologies', 'leading provider', 'a decade', 'best care', 'radiation therapy', 'first hospital', '1 Proteus®ONE', 'leading supplier', 'latest technology', 'advanced form', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'treatment protocols', 'term sheet', 'existing collaboration', 'two partners', 'regulatory clearance', 'Olivier Legrain', 'existing customer', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'relentless pursuit', 'global leader', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'diagnostic centres', '150 telemedicine centres', '100,000 family members', 'Olivier Lechien', 'ICR Healthcare', 'Amber Fennell', 'Angela Gray', 'Lucy Featherstone', 'brand names', 'registered brand', 'development phase', 'cancer patients', 'close relationship', 'IBA users', 'IBA portfolio', 'world leader', 'Advertisement Attachment', '73 hospitals', '2 DynamicARC®', 'systems', '2000 patients', 'EURONEXT', 'AHEL', 'supply', 'second', 'option', 'access', 'India', 'presence', 'Belgium', 'market', 'contracts', 'confidence', 'reliability', 'superiority', 'level', 'excellence', 'services', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'date', '147 countries', 'addition', 'position', 'quality', 'company', 'equipment', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', '2,000 people', 'social', 'BB', 'Chennai', '10,000 beds', '6000 pharmacies', '200 clinics', '200,000 surgeries', 'research', 'CONTACTS', '44']",2025-03-04,2025-03-04,manilatimes.net
