UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
18573,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-N-Change-of-CSD-43011066/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,FL Entertainment N : Change of CSD,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   Paris - February 16  2023   Change of Central Securities Depository to Euroclear France   FL Entertainment announces that it has changed the Central Securities Depository for its ordinary shares and public war…,"Press ReleaseParis - February 16  2023Change of Central Securities Depository to Euroclear FranceFL Entertainment announces that it has changed the Central Securities Depository (CSD) for its ordinary shares (NL0015000X07) and public warrants (NL0015000H56) (together the ""Transferred Securities"") from Euroclear Netherland to Euroclear France  effective today.As a result of this change  all Transferred Securities previously held in the Euroclear Netherland system have been transferred to the book-entry securities settlement system operated by Euroclear France. The transfer and change of CSD does not impact the Transferred Securities' respective ISIN codes  nor their holdings  the rights attached to them or their listing on Euronext Amsterdam.AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen - Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 - c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world's largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.AS",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment N', 'Change', 'CSD', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'book-entry securities settlement system', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'Central Securities Depository', 'Euroclear Netherland system', 'respective ISIN codes', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Transferred Securities', 'Euroclear France', 'Press Release', 'ordinary shares', 'public warrants', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'FY 2022 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'FLE NA', 'FLE.AS', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'February', 'Change', 'CSD', 'holdings', 'rights', 'listing', 'Agenda', '16 March', 'Phone', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18574,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQ-OYJ-1412428/news/EQ-Oyj-The-privacy-notice-43004184/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,EQ Oyj : The privacy notice,(marketscreener.com)    13 February 2023   Privacy Policy      This privacy policy describes the processing of personal data relating to eQ Plc's general meetings.   Updated on 13 February 2023.   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stoc…,This privacy policy describes the processing of personal data relating to eQ Plc's general meetings.Updated on 13 February 2023.ControllereQ Plc (1625441-9) (hereinafter eQ) Address: Aleksanterinkatu 19 A  5. floor FI-00100 HelsinkiTelephone: +358 (0)9 6817 8777Website: www.eQ.fiContact person: Risk and compliance departmentE-mail: eQCompliance(at)eQ.fiName of registereQ Plc's register on general meetingsPurpose of and legal basis for processing personal dataThe purpose of processing personal data is to enable the controller to conduct a general meeting in accordance with the law.Personal data are processed only for purposes necessary in terms of organising general meetings  such as ensuring a registered person's identity and verifying their right to participate; drawing up a list of participants  the list of votes and any voting tickets of the meeting; organising a vote; and managing any advance questions and requests for comments.The technical implementing party of the registration system and any advance voting of general meetings is Innovatics Oy. The list of shareholders is maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy.The processing of personal data is based on the controller's statutory obligations.Personal data being processedThe personal data being processed include the shareholder's and any representative's name and/or business ID  address  contact information  number of shares and votes  voting information  method of identification  basis of representation  registration date and any information on counsel  power of attorney  advance questions and any other further information,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['EQ Oyj', 'privacy notice', 'The', 'technical implementing party', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Innovatics Oy.', 'privacy policy', 'personal data', 'general meetings', 'Contact person', 'compliance department', 'registered person', 'voting tickets', 'registration system', 'statutory obligations', 'business ID', 'registration date', 'eQ Plc', 'advance voting', 'legal basis', 'contact information', 'voting information', 'advance questions', 'processing', '13 February', 'Controller', 'Address', 'Aleksanterinkatu', '5. floor', 'Helsinki', 'Telephone', 'Website', 'Risk', 'mail', 'Name', 'Purpose', 'accordance', 'law', 'terms', 'identity', 'right', 'list', 'participants', 'votes', 'requests', 'comments', 'shareholders', 'representative', 'number', 'shares', 'method', 'identification', 'representation', 'counsel', 'power', 'attorney', 'other']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18575,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2610128/0/en/BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Approved-delisting-application-regarding-the-secondary-listing-on-the-Nasdaq-First-North-Growth-Market-Sweden.html,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj  Company release  16 February 2023 at 7.45 pm EET    BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application......,English FinnishBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj  Company release  16 February 2023 at 7.45 pm EETBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market SwedenNasdaq Stockholm AB has today (February 16  2023) approved the application by BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc (“BBS”) to delist the company’s share’s secondary listing (trading code BONES  ISIN code FI4000260583) from Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (“Nasdaq FN GM Sweden”). BBS applied for delisting of its shares on February 13  2023.The last day of trading in the shares of BBS on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden shall be March 3  2023.The Company wants to remind BBS’ shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB that even while the listing of BBS’ shares on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden will be discontinued  such shareholders can continue trading in BBS’ shares on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland by first arranging for the cross-border settlement of their shares into the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. To effectuate cross-border settlement  the shareholder should contact their respective custodian. Some custodians will automatically do the settlement  and others will activate the cross-border settlement after approval by the shareholder.Following the delisting from Sweden  BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes’ shares will be traded solely on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland in Euro and under the trading code: BONEH (ISIN code: FI4000260583).For more information:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO tel. +358 40 708 0307  e-mail: ilkka.kangasniemi@bbs-artebone.fiCertified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB  tel. +46 70 551 67 29  info@certifiedadviser.seBBS in briefBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes is a health technology company that started operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of severe bone fractures and lumber problems. Our goal is to provide a new generation of medical products for the treatment of bone damage in orthopaedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical sector  development and research requires perseverance and courage to develop new things. We have evidence of this for over 20 years. Our activities are characterised by top expertise  innovation and employees who are enthusiastic and committed to their work. The ARTEBONE ® in the final stages of product development  and we are looking for a CE marking that enables commercialisation in the EU. We are a company in Oulu with a pharmaceutical factory permit in Reisjärvi.BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj:n shares are listed in Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (until delisting).More information: www.bbs-artebone.fi,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'delisting application', 'secondary listing', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nasdaq FN GM Sweden', 'Nordic Certified Adviser AB', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj', 'Nasdaq Stockholm AB', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes’ shares', 'Euroclear Finland Oy.', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'fi Certified Advisor', 'severe bone fractures', 'pharmaceutical factory permit', 'health technology company', 'bone damage', 'pharmaceutical sector', 'English Finnish', 'trading code', 'ISIN code', 'last day', 'book-entry system', 'respective custodian', 'new product', 'lumber problems', 'new generation', 'medical products', 'orthopaedic surgery', 'new things', 'top expertise', 'The ARTEBONE ®', 'final stages', 'CE marking', 'Reisjärvi', 'cross-border settlement', 'secondary listing', 'Company release', 'Ilkka Kangasniemi', 'product development', 'More information', 'delisting application', 'BBS’ shareholders', 'February', 'BONES', 'March', 'custodians', 'others', 'approval', 'BONEH', 'CEO', 'mail', 'tel', 'brief', 'operations', 'treatment', 'goal', 'research', 'perseverance', 'courage', 'evidence', '20 years', 'activities', 'innovation', 'employees', 'work', 'commercialisation', 'Oulu', '7.45', '46']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18576,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BBS-BIOACTIVE-BONE-SUBSTI-41648091/news/BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Approved-delisting-application-regarding-the-secondary-listing-on-th-43010502/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden,(marketscreener.com) BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj  Company release  16 February 2023 at 7.45 pm EET BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden Nasdaq Stoc…,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj  Company release  16 February 2023 at 7.45 pm EETBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market SwedenNasdaq Stockholm AB has today (February 16  2023) approved the application by BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc (“BBS”) to delist the company’s share’s secondary listing (trading code BONES  ISIN code FI4000260583) from Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (“Nasdaq FN GM Sweden”). BBS applied for delisting of its shares on February 13  2023.The last day of trading in the shares of BBS on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden shall be March 3  2023.The Company wants to remind BBS’ shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB that even while the listing of BBS’ shares on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden will be discontinued  such shareholders can continue trading in BBS’ shares on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland by first arranging for the cross-border settlement of their shares into the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. To effectuate cross-border settlement  the shareholder should contact their respective custodian. Some custodians will automatically do the settlement  and others will activate the cross-border settlement after approval by the shareholder.Following the delisting from Sweden  BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes’ shares will be traded solely on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland in Euro and under the trading code: BONEH (ISIN code: FI4000260583).For more information:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO tel. +358 40 708 0307  e-mail: ilkka.kangasniemi@bbs-artebone.fiCertified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB  tel. +46 70 551 67 29  info@certifiedadviser.seBBS in briefBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes is a health technology company that started operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of severe bone fractures and lumber problems. Our goal is to provide a new generation of medical products for the treatment of bone damage in orthopaedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical sector  development and research requires perseverance and courage to develop new things. We have evidence of this for over 20 years. Our activities are characterised by top expertise  innovation and employees who are enthusiastic and committed to their work. The ARTEBONE ® in the final stages of product development  and we are looking for a CE marking that enables commercialisation in the EU. We are a company in Oulu with a pharmaceutical factory permit in Reisjärvi.BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj:n shares are listed in Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (until delisting).More information: www.bbs-artebone.fi,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'delisting application', 'secondary listing', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nasdaq FN GM Sweden', 'Nordic Certified Adviser AB', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'Nasdaq Stockholm AB', 'Euroclear Finland Oy.', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes’ shares', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'fi Certified Advisor', 'severe bone fractures', 'pharmaceutical factory permit', 'health technology company', 'bone damage', 'pharmaceutical sector', 'trading code', 'ISIN code', 'last day', 'book-entry system', 'respective custodian', 'new product', 'lumber problems', 'new generation', 'medical products', 'orthopaedic surgery', 'new things', 'top expertise', 'The ARTEBONE ®', 'final stages', 'CE marking', 'Reisjärvi', 'cross-border settlement', 'secondary listing', 'Company release', 'Ilkka Kangasniemi', 'product development', 'More information', 'delisting application', 'Oyj', 'February', 'BONES', 'shareholders', 'custodians', 'others', 'approval', 'BONEH', 'CEO', 'tel', 'mail', 'brief', 'operations', 'treatment', 'goal', 'research', 'perseverance', 'courage', 'evidence', '20 years', 'activities', 'innovation', 'employees', 'work', 'commercialisation', 'Oulu', '7.45', '46']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18577,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MARIMEKKO-OYJ-1412490/news/Notice-of-Marimekko-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting-43001172/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Notice of Marimekko Corporation's Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m. Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation will be held on Thursday 13 April 2023 at 2.00 p.m. …,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m.Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation (the “AGM”) will be held on Thursday 13 April 2023 at 2.00 p.m. (EEST) at Little Finlandia  at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The registration of attendees and the distribution of voting slips will commence at the meeting venue at 1.00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. In addition  it is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. For further instructions  please refer to Section C “Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for 2022Review by the President and CEO.The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be made available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendOn 31 December 2022  the parent company’s distributable funds amounted to EUR 49 039 655.34 of which EUR 22 850 050.77 was profit for the financial year 2022. The Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that a dividend of EUR 0.34 per share be paid for the financial year 2022. The total amount of the proposed dividend is approximately EUR 13.8 million  and the remaining funds are to be retained in equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 17 April 2023 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors proposes 24 April 2023 as the dividend payout date. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year. The company’s liquidity is good and  in the view of the Board of Directors  the proposed dividend payout does not jeopardize the company’s solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 202210. Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for the year 2022  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 8 April 2020 by the company’s AGM  will be published by way of a stock exchange release and will be available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM adopt the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM  on the basis of the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee consisting of members independent of the company and its significant shareholders  that the fees payable to the members and the Chair of the Board would remain unchanged from 2022 and be as follows: an annual remuneration of EUR 48 000 would be paid to the Chair  EUR 35 000 to the Vice Chair and EUR 26 000 to the other Board members. In addition  it is proposed that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees for committee work would remain unchanged from 2022.The above-mentioned shareholders have also proposed  based on the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares would be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2023 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration would be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the AGM  13 April 2023  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.If Mika Ihamuotila is elected a member and Chair of the Board of Directors as proposed in the section 13 of this notice  he will  in addition to the aforementioned annual remuneration  be paid a monthly fee of EUR 4 400 for half-time duty pursuant to a separate executive service agreement. The monthly fee would remain unchanged from 2022. The Audit and Remuneration Committee separately evaluates the terms of the service agreement.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula be re-elected to the Board of Directors until the close of the next AGM.Carol Chen  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula are independent of the company and its significant shareholders according to the evaluation of the above-mentioned shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.The proposed Board members have informed the company that  if they are elected  they intend to elect Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board as well as Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee.All proposed persons have given their consent to the election. Biographical details of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/board-of-directors/.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the auditor’s remuneration be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected as the company’s auditor.16. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 9 of the Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile Helsinki. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“9 § The notice of the General Meeting shall be announced on the Company’s website not earlier than three (3) months and not later than three (3) weeks before the meeting  but in any case at least nine (9) days prior to the General Meeting’s record date. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice of the General Meeting in one or more newspapers.In addition  the Board of Directors may also resolve on organizing a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.The proposal is based on the changes to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative changes are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their full shareholder rights  including the right to present questions and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organise remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  due to for example pandemics. It is important for the Company to have means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to a general meeting under any circumstances.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 200 000 of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid for eighteen (18) months from the decision of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 250 000 (new or the company’s own) shares  which represents approximately 0.6 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is proposed to remain in force for a period of eighteen (18) months from the resolution of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available on Marimekko Corporation’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report  the remuneration report as well as the remuneration policy adopted by the AGM in 2020 will be available on the company’s website on 23 March 2023 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the AGM can be viewed on the company’s website as of 27 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the AGM. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder who is registered in the company's Shareholder Register and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is requested to register for the meeting no later than 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received.Notice of participation can be given starting from Wednesday 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET):a) by filling in the registration form on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.For natural persons  the electronic registration form requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. No strong electronic authentication is required of shareholders that are legal persons. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder can submit the registration form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  personal/business ID  email address  telephone number as well as the name and personal ID of a possible proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data given by shareholders to Marimekko Corporation or Euroclear Finland Oy is used only in connection with the AGM and the processing of the necessary related registrations. For further information on how Marimekko processes personal data  please review Marimekko Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the AGM  which is available at the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or contact the company by email at yk@marimekko.com. Please note that personal information provided in connection with registration by email is possibly sent through an unsecure connection on the shareholder’s own responsibility.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative should  when necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the AGM by virtue of those shares based on which the holder on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the AGM requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 6 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the AGM.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to well in advance request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration for the AGM from their custodian bank as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the AGM to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company by the time stated above and shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Shareholders proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the AGM. Should a shareholder participate in the AGM by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ on 8 March 2023 at the latest. Any proxy documents  including the advance voting form  should be sent by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative should register for the AGM in the manner described above.Instead of traditional proxy document  shareholders that are legal persons can use electronic authorization services of Suomi.fi. In that case the legal person authorizes a named authorised person through Suomi.fi’s services at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  Euroclear Finland Oy’s General Meeting Services require strong electronic authentication after which the electronic authorization is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication requires Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  please see Suomi.fi’s e-authorization pages at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ as well as the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the AGM from 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) until 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST) by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/For natural persons  the electronic advance voting requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register and vote by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Of shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through mail or emailShareholders can also submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website on 8 March 2023 at the latest.In addition to voting in advance  the shareholder must register for the AGM prior to the end of the registration period.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting or change the given votes if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regards to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. The terms and other instructions concerning the electronic voting are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.5. Other instructions and informationIt is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast. Instructions on following the webcast are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. Following the AGM via webcast is not considered participating in the AGM or exercising shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the AGM has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the AGM.Changes in shareholding after the record date for the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the number of votes held by the shareholder.On the date of this notice  15 February 2023  the total number of shares and votes in Marimekko Corporation is 40 649 170. On the date of this notice  the company holds 77 790 of its own shares  which do not entitle to voting at the AGM.Helsinki  15 February 2023MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Anna TuominenTel. +358 40 584 6944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2022  the company's net sales were EUR 167 million and brand sales of the products worldwide amounted to EUR 382 million. Globally  there are roughly 150 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 35 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 460 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'payout record date', 'other Board members', 'annual remuneration', 'The Board', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting slips', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'remaining funds', 'shareholder register', 'payout date', 'substantial changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'first time', 'applicable legislation', 'Mika Ihamuotila', 'remuneration policy', 'separate remuneration', 'financial year', 'committee work', 'meeting venue', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'A. Matters', 'total amount', 'interim report', 'remuneration report', 'Thursday 13 April', 'advisory resolution', 'Vice Chair', 'significant shareholders', 'parent company', '8.15 a', '17 April', '24 April', '8 April', 'February', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'EEST', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'registration', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'investors', 'instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', '23 March', 'annual-general-meeting', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'dividend', 'equity', 'behalf', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'accordance', 'way', '27 percent', 'shares', 'basis', 'proposal', 'fees', '40 percent', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', '1 January', '31 March', '2.00', '1.00']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18578,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609328/0/en/Notice-of-Marimekko-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m.  Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting  The Annual...,English FinnishMarimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m.Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation (the “AGM”) will be held on Thursday 13 April 2023 at 2.00 p.m. (EEST) at Little Finlandia  at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The registration of attendees and the distribution of voting slips will commence at the meeting venue at 1.00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. In addition  it is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. For further instructions  please refer to Section C “Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for 2022Review by the President and CEO.The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be made available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendOn 31 December 2022  the parent company’s distributable funds amounted to EUR 49 039 655.34 of which EUR 22 850 050.77 was profit for the financial year 2022. The Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that a dividend of EUR 0.34 per share be paid for the financial year 2022. The total amount of the proposed dividend is approximately EUR 13.8 million  and the remaining funds are to be retained in equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 17 April 2023 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors proposes 24 April 2023 as the dividend payout date. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year. The company’s liquidity is good and  in the view of the Board of Directors  the proposed dividend payout does not jeopardize the company’s solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 202210. Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for the year 2022  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 8 April 2020 by the company’s AGM  will be published by way of a stock exchange release and will be available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM adopt the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM  on the basis of the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee consisting of members independent of the company and its significant shareholders  that the fees payable to the members and the Chair of the Board would remain unchanged from 2022 and be as follows: an annual remuneration of EUR 48 000 would be paid to the Chair  EUR 35 000 to the Vice Chair and EUR 26 000 to the other Board members. In addition  it is proposed that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees for committee work would remain unchanged from 2022.The above-mentioned shareholders have also proposed  based on the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares would be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2023 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration would be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the AGM  13 April 2023  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.If Mika Ihamuotila is elected a member and Chair of the Board of Directors as proposed in the section 13 of this notice  he will  in addition to the aforementioned annual remuneration  be paid a monthly fee of EUR 4 400 for half-time duty pursuant to a separate executive service agreement. The monthly fee would remain unchanged from 2022. The Audit and Remuneration Committee separately evaluates the terms of the service agreement.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula be re-elected to the Board of Directors until the close of the next AGM.Carol Chen  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula are independent of the company and its significant shareholders according to the evaluation of the above-mentioned shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.The proposed Board members have informed the company that  if they are elected  they intend to elect Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board as well as Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee.All proposed persons have given their consent to the election. Biographical details of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/board-of-directors/.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the auditor’s remuneration be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected as the company’s auditor.16. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 9 of the Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile Helsinki. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“9 § The notice of the General Meeting shall be announced on the Company’s website not earlier than three (3) months and not later than three (3) weeks before the meeting  but in any case at least nine (9) days prior to the General Meeting’s record date. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice of the General Meeting in one or more newspapers.In addition  the Board of Directors may also resolve on organizing a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.The proposal is based on the changes to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative changes are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their full shareholder rights  including the right to present questions and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organise remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  due to for example pandemics. It is important for the Company to have means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to a general meeting under any circumstances.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 200 000 of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid for eighteen (18) months from the decision of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 250 000 (new or the company’s own) shares  which represents approximately 0.6 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is proposed to remain in force for a period of eighteen (18) months from the resolution of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available on Marimekko Corporation’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report  the remuneration report as well as the remuneration policy adopted by the AGM in 2020 will be available on the company’s website on 23 March 2023 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the AGM can be viewed on the company’s website as of 27 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the AGM. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder who is registered in the company's Shareholder Register and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is requested to register for the meeting no later than 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received.Notice of participation can be given starting from Wednesday 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET):a) by filling in the registration form on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.For natural persons  the electronic registration form requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. No strong electronic authentication is required of shareholders that are legal persons. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder can submit the registration form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  personal/business ID  email address  telephone number as well as the name and personal ID of a possible proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data given by shareholders to Marimekko Corporation or Euroclear Finland Oy is used only in connection with the AGM and the processing of the necessary related registrations. For further information on how Marimekko processes personal data  please review Marimekko Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the AGM  which is available at the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or contact the company by email at yk@marimekko.com. Please note that personal information provided in connection with registration by email is possibly sent through an unsecure connection on the shareholder’s own responsibility.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative should  when necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the AGM by virtue of those shares based on which the holder on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the AGM requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 6 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the AGM.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to well in advance request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration for the AGM from their custodian bank as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the AGM to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company by the time stated above and shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Shareholders proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the AGM. Should a shareholder participate in the AGM by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ on 8 March 2023 at the latest. Any proxy documents  including the advance voting form  should be sent by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative should register for the AGM in the manner described above.Instead of traditional proxy document  shareholders that are legal persons can use electronic authorization services of Suomi.fi. In that case the legal person authorizes a named authorised person through Suomi.fi’s services at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  Euroclear Finland Oy’s General Meeting Services require strong electronic authentication after which the electronic authorization is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication requires Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  please see Suomi.fi’s e-authorization pages at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ as well as the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the AGM from 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) until 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST) by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/For natural persons  the electronic advance voting requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register and vote by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Of shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through mail or emailShareholders can also submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website on 8 March 2023 at the latest.In addition to voting in advance  the shareholder must register for the AGM prior to the end of the registration period.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting or change the given votes if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regards to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. The terms and other instructions concerning the electronic voting are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.5. Other instructions and informationIt is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast. Instructions on following the webcast are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. Following the AGM via webcast is not considered participating in the AGM or exercising shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the AGM has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the AGM.Changes in shareholding after the record date for the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the number of votes held by the shareholder.On the date of this notice  15 February 2023  the total number of shares and votes in Marimekko Corporation is 40 649 170. On the date of this notice  the company holds 77 790 of its own shares  which do not entitle to voting at the AGM.Helsinki  15 February 2023MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Anna TuominenTel. +358 40 584 6944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2022  the company's net sales were EUR 167 million and brand sales of the products worldwide amounted to EUR 382 million. Globally  there are roughly 150 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 35 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 460 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.01,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'payout record date', 'other Board members', 'annual remuneration', 'The Board', 'English Finnish', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting slips', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'remaining funds', 'shareholder register', 'payout date', 'substantial changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'first time', 'applicable legislation', 'Mika Ihamuo', 'remuneration policy', 'separate remuneration', 'financial year', 'committee work', 'meeting venue', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'A. Matters', 'total amount', 'interim report', 'remuneration report', '1 January–31 March', 'Thursday 13 April', 'advisory resolution', 'Vice Chair', 'significant shareholders', 'parent company', '8.15 a', '23 March', '17 April', '24 April', '8 April', 'February', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'EEST', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'registration', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'investors', 'annual-general-meeting', 'instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'dividend', 'equity', 'behalf', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'accordance', 'way', '27 percent', 'shares', 'basis', 'proposal', 'fees', '40 percent', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', '2.00', '1.00']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18579,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SENZIME-AB-PUBL-54900624/news/Senzime-Bulletin-from-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-February-16-2023-43007405/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Senzime : Bulletin from Extraordinary General Meeting  February 16  2023,(marketscreener.com)    PRESS RELEASE   16 February 2023 09:22:00 CET   Bulletin from Extraordinary General Meeting in Senzime AB    The extraordinary general meeting in Senzime AB   corp. reg. no 556565-5734 was held on 16 February 2023  whereby …,"PRESS RELEASE16 February 2023 09:22:00 CETBulletin from Extraordinary General Meeting in Senzime AB (publ)The extraordinary general meeting in Senzime AB (publ)  corp. reg. no 556565-5734 (the ""Company"") was held on 16 February 2023  whereby the shareholders primarily resolved on the following matter.Resolution on the approval of the board of director's resolution on a new issue of shares with preferential rights for existing shareholdersIn accordance with previously published information  the board of directors resolved 23 January 2023 on a new issue of shares with preferential rights for the shareholders  subject to the subsequent approval of the extraordinary general meeting. The general meeting resolved today to approve the board of director's resolution on new issue of a maximum of 13 976 797 shares.The Company's share capital will increase by a maximum of SEK 1 747 099.625 through a new issue of a maximum of 13 976 797 shares. The subscription prices for the shares in the new issue is SEK 7.25 per new share. Subscription with subscription rights shall be made by cash payment during the period from 21 February 2023 to 7 March 2023.The new shares entitle to dividends for the first time on the first record date for dividend that take place after the issue of new shares has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and been recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.It was noted that all resolutions were unanimous.For further information  please contact:Pia Renaudin  CEO of Senzime ABPhone: +46 (0) 70 813 34 17  e-mail:pia.renaudin@senzime.comSlavoljub Grujicic  CFOPhone: +46 (0) 76 306 60 11  e-mail:slavoljub.grujicic@senzime.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Senzime', 'Bulletin', 'February', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'first record date', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'first time', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Senzime AB', 'following matter', 'preferential rights', 'share capital', 'new share', 'cash payment', 'share register', 'new issue', 'subscription prices', 'subscription rights', 'subsequent approval', 'The Company', 'Slavoljub Grujicic', 'existing shareholders', 'Pia Renaudin', 'shares', 'February', 'Bulletin', 'publ', 'Resolution', 'board', 'director', 'accordance', 'information', 'maximum', 'SEK', 'period', '7 March', 'dividends', 'place', 'CEO', 'Phone', 'mail', 'CFO']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18580,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609366/0/en/Notice-to-the-Vaisala-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)      Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting     ...,English FinnishVaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EEST)Shareholders can follow the meeting via live webcast at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm. Shareholders following the webcast are not deemed to attend the Annual General Meeting so they cannot ask questions or vote online during the webcast.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEOReview by the Auditor7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.72 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2022 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 30  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 12  2023. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report will be published as a stock exchange release at the latest on March 3  2023  is available on the company’s website at vaisala.com/agm.Ville Voipio  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 will remain as they are as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 55 000 and each Board member EUR 40 000 per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation’s series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees will remain as are  and for the Chair of the Audit Committee they would be EUR 1 500 per attended meeting and EUR 1 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Chair and each member of the People and Sustainability Committee  Nomination Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be eight (8). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe term of office of Board members Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio will end at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company’s website vaisala.com/investors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.15. Election of AuditorVaisala would have an obligation to organize an audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) concerning the audit for the financial year 2024. The Audit Committee has prepared and organized a statutory audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the Audit Regulation during the fall 2022 one year early.The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Audit Firm  be elected as the company’s auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Niina Vilske  APA  as the auditor with principal authority.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes the articles of association to be amended so that the § 6 of Articles of Association would stipulate that the term of Board members would from now on terminate on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting instead of third Annual General Meeting (or shorter if so decided by General Meeting)  and the number of board members would be 6–9  and § 13 of Articles of Association would stipulate that a general meeting can be organized without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the § 6 and § 13 in the articles of association is attached as Annex 1 to this notice.In other respects  it is proposed that the articles of association remain unchanged.17. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). The shares shall be repurchased and paid according to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive programs  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022.18. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own shares as follows:The authorization concerns only treasury series A shares. The authorization is limited to a maximum of 935 976 shares  which represents approximately 2.69% of series A shares in the company and approximately 2.20% of all shares in the company. The issuance of own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorization entitles the issuance of treasury series A shares as a directed issue without payment as part of the company's share-based incentive plans. The Board of Directors can also use this authorization to grant special rights entitling subscription of the company's own shares that are held by the company. The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other conditions of the issuance of own shares.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 28  2027. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report as well as the Remuneration Report will be available on the above-mentioned website by March 3  2023  at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above are also on view at the General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 16  2023  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on March 23  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving prior notice of participation.Such notice can be given:a) On company’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting February 16  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET)Registering requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons  and business ID and the shareholder’s book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate.b) By e-mail to agm@vaisala.comIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the information requested such as their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name of any assistant or proxy representative  as well as the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala Oyj will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  to the extent necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 16  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 23  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructionsregarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxydocuments and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.In case shareholder wishes to use proxy representative  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Vaisala Oyj  AGM  Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland or by email to agm@vaisala.com before the end of the registration time March 23  2023. In addition to providing the proxy documents  shareholders or the proxy representatives of the shareholders are also required to register to the General Meeting in the manner instructed in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland’s general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”. The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked.All the attendees are cordially invited to coffee and cake after the General Meeting.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 15  2023  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares comprised of 6 731 092 series K shares and 29 705 636 series A shares. Vaisala has 208 487 series A shares in treasury. Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 164 118 989 of which series K shares represent 134 621 840 votes and series A shares represent 29 497 149 votes.The Annual General Meeting will be available as webcast on March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) onwards. The link to the live stream can be found at vaisala.com/agm.Vantaa  February 15  2023Vaisala CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.comVaisala is a global leader in weather  environmental and industrial measurement. Building on over 85 years of experience  Vaisala provides observations for a better world. We are a reliable partner for customers around the world  offering a comprehensive range of innovative observation and measurement products and services. Headquartered in Finland  Vaisala employs over 2 000 professionals worldwide and is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange. vaisala.com twitter.com/VaisalaGroup linkedin.com/VaisalaNOTICE TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  ANNEX 1Amendment of Articles of Association:Vaisala Annual General Meeting on March 28  2023  item 16The Board of Directors proposes that Articles 6 and 13 of the Articles of Association be amended to read as follows.Current ArticleProposal by the Board of DirectorsArticle 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of four to eight (4-8) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the third Annual General Meeting unless the General Meeting specifically decides on a shorter term when electing the Board Member. One third  or a number closest to one third  of the Board Members shall resign each year. Should the entire Board be elected at the same time  the number referred to above shall resign during the first two years selected by lot.Article 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of six to nine (6-9) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting. Article 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area.The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditorArticle 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area. The Board of Directors may resolve on organizing a general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditor,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio', 'Antti Jääskeläinen', 'audit firm selection procedure', 'English Finnish Vaisala Corporation', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Possible travel expenses', 'EU Audit Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'series A shares', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'The Audit Committee', 'Ville Voipio', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'treasury shares', 'travel policy', 'same meeting', 'A. MATTERS', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'Nomination Committee', 'other committee', 'personal information', 'fiscal year', 'attendance fees', 'financial year', 'Tuesday March', 'Sustainability Committee', 'live webcast', 'The Board', 'same shareholders', 'Board members', '9:30 a', 'February', 'Notice', 'address', '01670 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'EEST', 'website', 'questions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'distribution', 'April', 'Dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'company', 'agm', 'Chair', 'People', 'term', 'close', 'annum', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', 'number', 'intention', 'proposal', 'section', 'office', 'candidates', 'consent', 'investors', 'invoice', 'obligation', 'accordance', '2:00', '1:00', '10.']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18581,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAISALA-OYJ-1412567/news/Notice-to-the-Vaisala-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting-43001944/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation's Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tue…,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation's Annual General Meeting 02/16/2023 | 02:31am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (EET) Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EEST) Shareholders can follow the meeting via live webcast at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm. Shareholders following the webcast are not deemed to attend the Annual General Meeting so they cannot ask questions or vote online during the webcast. A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEOReview by the Auditor 7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.72 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2022 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 30  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 12  2023. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares. 9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report will be published as a stock exchange release at the latest on March 3  2023  is available on the company’s website at vaisala.com/agm. Ville Voipio  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report. 11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 will remain as they are as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 55 000 and each Board member EUR 40 000 per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation’s series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees will remain as are  and for the Chair of the Audit Committee they would be EUR 1 500 per attended meeting and EUR 1 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Chair and each member of the People and Sustainability Committee  Nomination Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The attendance fees are paid in cash. Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company. 12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be eight (8). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below. 13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe term of office of Board members Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio will end at the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company’s website vaisala.com/investors. 14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company. 15. Election of AuditorVaisala would have an obligation to organize an audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) concerning the audit for the financial year 2024. The Audit Committee has prepared and organized a statutory audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the Audit Regulation during the fall 2022 one year early. The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Audit Firm  be elected as the company’s auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Niina Vilske  APA  as the auditor with principal authority. 16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes the articles of association to be amended so that the § 6 of Articles of Association would stipulate that the term of Board members would from now on terminate on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting instead of third Annual General Meeting (or shorter if so decided by General Meeting)  and the number of board members would be 6–9  and § 13 of Articles of Association would stipulate that a general meeting can be organized without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the § 6 and § 13 in the articles of association is attached as Annex 1 to this notice. In other respects  it is proposed that the articles of association remain unchanged. 17. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity. Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). The shares shall be repurchased and paid according to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive programs  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects. The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022. 18. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own shares as follows: The authorization concerns only treasury series A shares. The authorization is limited to a maximum of 935 976 shares  which represents approximately 2.69% of series A shares in the company and approximately 2.20% of all shares in the company. The issuance of own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorization entitles the issuance of treasury series A shares as a directed issue without payment as part of the company's share-based incentive plans. The Board of Directors can also use this authorization to grant special rights entitling subscription of the company's own shares that are held by the company. The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other conditions of the issuance of own shares. The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 28  2027. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022. 19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report as well as the Remuneration Report will be available on the above-mentioned website by March 3  2023  at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above are also on view at the General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2023. C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 16  2023  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company. A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on March 23  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving prior notice of participation. Such notice can be given: a) On company’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting February 16  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET)Registering requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons  and business ID and the shareholder’s book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate. b) By e-mail to agm@vaisala.comIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the information requested such as their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name of any assistant or proxy representative  as well as the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala Oyj will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations. The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  to the extent necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue. 2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 16  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 23  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting. A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructionsregarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxydocuments and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. 3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting. In case shareholder wishes to use proxy representative  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Vaisala Oyj  AGM  Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland or by email to agm@vaisala.com before the end of the registration time March 23  2023. In addition to providing the proxy documents  shareholders or the proxy representatives of the shareholders are also required to register to the General Meeting in the manner instructed in this notice. Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland’s general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”. The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. All the attendees are cordially invited to coffee and cake after the General Meeting. 4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting. On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 15  2023  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares comprised of 6 731 092 series K shares and 29 705 636 series A shares. Vaisala has 208 487 series A shares in treasury. Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 164 118 989 of which series K shares represent 134 621 840 votes and series A shares represent 29 497 149 votes. The Annual General Meeting will be available as webcast on March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) onwards. The link to the live stream can be found at vaisala.com/agm. Vantaa  February 15  2023Vaisala CorporationBoard of Directors Additional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212 DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.com Vaisala is a global leader in weather  environmental and industrial measurement. Building on over 85 years of experience  Vaisala provides observations for a better world. We are a reliable partner for customers around the world  offering a comprehensive range of innovative observation and measurement products and services. Headquartered in Finland  Vaisala employs over 2 000 professionals worldwide and is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange. vaisala.com twitter.com/VaisalaGroup linkedin.com/Vaisala NOTICE TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  ANNEX 1 Amendment of Articles of Association:Vaisala Annual General Meeting on March 28  2023  item 16 The Board of Directors proposes that Articles 6 and 13 of the Articles of Association be amended to read as follows.Current ArticleProposal by the Board of DirectorsArticle 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of four to eight (4-8) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the third Annual General Meeting unless the General Meeting specifically decides on a shorter term when electing the Board Member. One third  or a number closest to one third  of the Board Members shall resign each year. Should the entire Board be elected at the same time  the number referred to above shall resign during the first two years selected by lot.Article 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of six to nine (6-9) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting. Article 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area.The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditorArticle 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area. The Board of Directors may resolve on organizing a general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditorAll news about VAISALA OYJ 02/16 Transcript : Vaisala Oyj  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 16  2023 CI 02/16 Vaisala Oyj : Q4 2022 presentation PU 02/16 Vaisala Oyj : Board's proposals for the Annual General Meeting PU 02/16 Notice to the Vaisala Corporation's Annual General Meeting GL 02/16 Vaisala's Board of Directors resolved on a long-term performance share plan GL 02/16 Vaisala's Board of Directors resolved on a long-term performance share plan AQ 02/16 Vaisala Corporation Financial Statement Release January–December 2022 GL 02/16 Vaisala Corporation Financial Statement Release January–December 2022 AQ 02/16 Vaisala Corporation Proposes Dividend CI 02/16 Vaisala Corporation Provides Earnings Guidance for the Full Year 2023 CI,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio', 'Antti Jääskeläinen', 'Annual General Meeting Notice', 'multiple email addresses', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Possible travel expenses', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'series A shares', 'fields Vaisala Corporation', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'Ville Voipio', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'treasury shares', 'travel policy', 'same meeting', 'A. MATTERS', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'personal information', 'Audit Committee', 'Nomination Committee', 'other committee', 'attendance fees', 'First name', 'fiscal year', 'live webcast', 'Sustainability Committee', 'The Board', 'same shareholders', 'Board members', '9:30 a', 'commas', 'Message', 'February', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'EEST', '01670 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'website', 'agm', 'questions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'distribution', 'April', 'Dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'company', 'Chair', 'People', 'term', 'close', 'annum', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', 'number', 'intention', 'proposal', 'section', 'office', 'candidates', 'consent', 'investors', 'invoice', '2:00', '1:00', '10.']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18582,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAISALA-OYJ-1412567/news/Vaisala-Oyj-Board-s-proposals-for-the-Annual-General-Meeting-43002452/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Vaisala Oyj : Board's proposals for the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)   Board of Directors' proposals to the Annual General Meeting 2023   Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend   The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a divi…,Board of Directors' proposals to the Annual General Meeting 2023Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.72 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2022 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 30  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 12  2023. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 will remain as are as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 55 000 and each Board member EUR 40 000 per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation's series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees will remain as are  and for the Chair of the Audit Committee they would be EUR 1 500 per attended meeting and EUR 1 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Chair and each member of the Remuneration and HR Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditors be reimbursed according to their invoice presented to the company.Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Audit Firm  be elected as the company's auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Niina Vilske  APA  as the auditor with principal authority.Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes the articles of association be amended so that the § 6 of Articles of Association would stipulate that the term of Board members would from now on terminate on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting instead of third Annual General Meeting (or shorter if so decided by General Meeting)  and the number of board members would be 6-9  and § 13 of Articles of Association would stipulate that a general meeting can be organized without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the § 6 and § 13 in the articles of association is attached as Annex 1 to the Notice to the Annual General Meeting.In other respects  it is proposed that the articles of association remain unchanged.Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). The shares shall be repurchased and paid according to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive programs  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Oyj', 'Board', 'proposals', 'first Annual General Meeting', 'third Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Possible travel expenses', ""shareholders' current shareholdings"", 'series A shares', 'same meeting', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'travel policy', 'possible acquisitions', 'annual remuneration', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'fiscal year', 'record date', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'attendance fees', 'Audit Committee', 'HR Committee', 'other committee', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'Audit Firm', 'Niina Vilske', 'principal authority', 'other respects', 'unrestricted equity', 'public trading', 'other arrangements', 'incentive programs', 'treasury shares', 'market price', 'previous authorization', 'The Board', ""Directors' proposals"", 'Board members', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'distribution', 'April', 'Dividend', 'term', 'close', 'Chair', 'cash', 'company', 'Auditors', 'invoice', 'Election', 'recommendation', 'APA', 'articles', 'association', 'closing', 'number', 'Annex', 'Notice', 'repurchase', 'maximum', 'one', 'instalments', 'funds', 'proportion', 'moment', 'rules', 'consideration', 'part', 'business', 'investments', 'September', 'March', '§']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18584,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MALIN-CORPORATION-PLC-21309480/news/Malin-Notice-of-2023-Annual-General-Meeting-43001826/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Malin : Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)    THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the action you should take  you are recommended to immediately consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other in…,"Malin : Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting 02/16/2023 | 02:19am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the action you should take  you are recommended to immediately consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent professional adviser who  if you are taking advice in Ireland  is an organisation or ﬁrm authorised or exempted pursuant to the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. No. 375 of 2017) (as amended) of Ireland or the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 of Ireland or  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  an organisation or ﬁrm authorised or exempted under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended)  or from another appropriately authorised independent ﬁnancial advisor if you are in a territory outside Ireland or the United Kingdom. If you sell or have sold or otherwise transferred all your shares in Malin Corporation plc  please send this document  and the accompanying Form of Proxy to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer is/was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. MALIN CORPORATION PLC Notice of Annual General Meeting To be held on 10 March 2023 at 10.15 a.m. (Irish Standard Time) in the Conrad Hotel  Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D02 V562  Ireland The 2022 Annual Report is available to view online at: www.malinplc.com Notice of the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of Malin Corporation plc (""Malin"" or the ""Company"") to be held in the Conrad Hotel  Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D02 V562  Ireland on Friday  10 March 2023  at 10.15 a.m. (or  if later  as soon as practicable after the Extraordinary General Meeting convened for 10.00 a.m. on the same date and at the same place shall have been concluded or adjourned)  is set out in this document  accompanied by a Form of Proxy for use in connection with the resolutions at the meeting. To be valid  the Form of Proxy must be returned  in the manner set out in the notes to this document  so as to be received by the Company's Registrar  Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited  3100 Lake Drive  Citywest Business Campus  Dublin 24  D24 AK82  Ireland by 10.15 a.m. on Wednesday  8 March 2023. Proxy voting can be carried out in advance of the AGM by availing of one of the following options: For shareholders holding shares in certificated (i.e. paper) form: electronically at www.eproxyappointment.com; orby completing the proxy form enclosed with this Notice of AGM and returning it to Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited at the address above. For shareholders holding uncertificated (electronic) interests in the Company  via the CREST or Euroclear Bank systems: The process for appointing a proxy and/or voting in connection with the AGM depends on the manner in which you hold your interests in the Company. Please see the notes to the Notice of AGM on pages 10 to 11 and the Company's website for further information. All such persons are recommended to consult their stockbroker or intermediary at the earliest opportunity. Teleconference Facility Shareholders may listen to the proceedings of the meeting remotely by teleconference using the dial-in details below: Ireland (Local) 01 5369584 United Kingdom (Local) 020 3936 2999 USA (Local) 1 646 664 1960 All other locations +44 20 3936 2999 Listen-Only Access Code: 730530 The Board encourages shareholders to check Regulatory News Services and the Company's website (www.malinplc.com) for any updates in relation to the AGM. Letter from the Chair 16 February 2023 Dear Shareholder It is my pleasure to invite you to the Annual General Meeting of Malin Corporation plc which will be held in the Conrad Hotel  Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D02 V562  Ireland at 10.15 a.m. on Friday  10 March 2023 (or  if later  as soon as practicable after the Extraordinary General Meeting convened for 10.00 a.m. on the same date and at the same place shall have been concluded or adjourned). I set out below the background to the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM  each of which the Board of Directors (the ""Board"" or the ""Directors"") considers to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. The Annual Report and Financial Statements for 2022 are available to view and download from the Company's website  www. malinplc.com  under the ""Reports & Presentations"" section of the ""Investors"" tab. You may at any time opt to receive a paper copy of the Annual Report by contacting +353 1 901 5700 or by emailing cosec@malinplc.com. To ensure all shareholders are fully represented by voting at the meeting  I would urge you  to submit your proxy form as soon as possible but  in any event  so as to reach Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited by 10.15 a.m. on Wednesday  8 March 2023. The submission of a proxy form will not preclude a registered shareholder from attending the meeting and voting in person should they wish to do so. The process for appointing a proxy and/or voting in connection with the resolutions to be proposed at the meeting depends on the manner in which you hold your shares. Further details are set out in the notes to the Notice of AGM on pages 10 to 11. For those shareholders who intend to appoint a proxy other than the chair of the AGM  we would ask that  as a contingency measure  you would additionally appoint the chair of the AGM as an alternative in the event that the initially intended proxy is unable to attend for any reason (and does not appoint a substitute). This will facilitate your vote being included in a wider range of contingent scenarios. Please note that persons holding their interests in the Company through the Euroclear Bank or CREST (CDI) systems must comply with any earlier or other voting submission deadline imposed by those systems. Further information in this respect is provided in the notes to the Notice of AGM and on the Company's website www.malinplc.com. The Company has made a teleconference facility available to shareholders who do not physically attend the meeting  to listen to the business of the AGM. An audio recording of the meeting will be made available through the Company's website (www.malinplc.com) for one month following the date of the AGM. The formal Notice of AGM appears on pages 5 to 8 of this document  and this letter explains the 8 items to be transacted at the AGM. Resolution 1: Financial Statements  Annual Report and Affairs of the Company Resolution 1 is asking members to receive and consider the Financial Statements and the reports of the Directors and Auditors for 2022 and to review the affairs of the Company. Resolution 1 is an advisory resolution and is not binding on the Company. Resolution 2: Remuneration Committee's Report Resolution 2 is asking members to receive and consider the Remuneration Committee's Report as set out on pages 32 to 38 of the 2022 Annual Report. Resolution 2 is an advisory resolution and is not binding on the Company. Resolution 3: Re-Appointment of Directors Resolution 3 deals with the re-appointment of the Directors. Each of the current Directors will retire from ofﬁce and offer themselves for re-appointment to the Board at the AGM. The names of the 2 Directors together with a detailed description of the skills  expertise and experience that each of the Directors brings to the Board are set out  as applicable  on the Company's website  www.malinplc.com  under the ""Leadership & Governance"" section of the 'About Us' tab. The re-appointment of each Director will be considered separately. Resolution 4: Remuneration of the Auditors Resolution 4 deals with the authorisation of the Board to ﬁx the remuneration of the Auditors. Resolution 5: Re-Appointment of the Auditors Resolution 5 is asking members to consider the continuation in ofﬁce of KPMG as Auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company. Resolution 5 is an advisory resolution and is not binding on the Company. Resolution 6: Directors' Authority to Allot Shares Resolution 6 is asking members to renew the Directors' authority to allot relevant securities within the meaning of Section 1021 of the Companies Act 2014  up to either: an aggregate nominal value of €125 151  in the event that the Required Resolutions are approved at the EGM  (which will represent approximately 66% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital immediately following completion of the Tender Offer assuming (a) approval of the Required Resolutions at the EGM  and (b) that the maximum number of Ordinary Shares that may be purchased by the Company under the Tender Offer are purchased by the Company and cancelled)  of which any allotment in excess of €62 576 (which will represent 33% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital at that time based on the same assumptions above) may only be applied to allot shares pursuant to a rights issue; or  an aggregate nominal value of €22 451  in the event that the Required Resolutions are not approved at the EGM  (which represents 66% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital as at 14 February 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of the AGM Notice)  of which any allotment in excess of €11 225 (which represents 33% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital as at 14 February 2023) may only be applied to allot shares pursuant to a rights issue. The Directors will exercise this authority only if they consider it to be in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole at the relevant time. Resolution 7: Disapplication of Statutory Pre-emption Rights in Certain Circumstances Resolution 7 is asking members to renew the Directors' authority to disapply the strict statutory pre-emption provisions in certain circumstances  being (a) rights issues  open offers or other pre-emptive offers and subject thereto by way of placing or otherwise of any shares not taken up in such issue or offer; and/or (b) for allotments (other than by way of pre-emptive offers) for cash up to either: in the event that the Required Resolutions are approved at the EGM  an aggregate nominal value of €9 481 (which will represent approximately 5% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital immediately following completion of the Tender Offer assuming (a) approval of the Required Resolutions at the EGM  and (b) that the maximum number of Ordinary Shares that may be purchased by the Company under the Tender Offer are purchased by the Company and cancelled); or  in the event that the Required Resolutions are not approved at the EGM  an aggregate nominal value of €1 701 (which represents 5% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital as at 14 February 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of the AGM Notice)). The Directors will exercise this authority only if they consider it to be in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole at the relevant time. 3 Resolution 8: Authority to Purchase Own Shares Resolution 8 is proposed to provide the Company  and/or any of its subsidiaries  with the authority to purchase up to a number of shares whose aggregate nominal value shall equal either: in the event that the Required Resolutions are approved at the EGM  10% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued share capital immediately following completion of the Tender Offer; or in the event that the Required Resolutions are not approved at the EGM  10% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued share capital as at 14 February 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this AGM Notice). This authority will provide ﬂexibility in the management of the Company's capital and will be exercised only if the Directors consider it to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole at the relevant time. The resolution also sets out the minimum and maximum prices that may be paid for shares purchased in this manner. Recommendation The Board is satisﬁed that each of the resolutions set out in the Notice of AGM is in the best interests of the Company and its members as a whole. Accordingly  your Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote in favour of each of the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM. Yours faithfully Liam Daniel Chair 16 February 2023 4 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF MALIN CORPORATION PLC NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of Malin Corporation plc (the ""Company"") will be held in the Conrad Hotel  Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D02 V562  Ireland at 10.15 a.m. on Friday  10 March 2023 (or  if later  as soon as practicable after the Extraordinary General Meeting convened for 10.00 a.m. on the same date and at the same place shall have been concluded or adjourned)  for the following purposes: Ordinary Resolutions To receive and consider the Company's ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  together with the Reports of the Directors and the Auditors thereon  and to review the affairs of the Company (Resolution 1). To receive and consider the Remuneration Committee's Report for 2022 (Resolution 2). As separate resolutions  to re-appoint the following Directors: To re-appoint Liam Daniel (Resolution 3(a)) To re-appoint Darragh Lyons (Resolution 3(b)) To re-appoint Rudy Mareel (Resolution 3(c)) To re-appointJean-Michel Cosséry (Resolution 3(d)) To re-appoint Kirsten Drejer (Resolution 3(e)) To re-appoint Christopher Pedrick (Resolution 3(f)) To authorise the Directors to ﬁx the remuneration of the Auditors (Resolution 4). To consider the continuation in ofﬁce of KPMG as Auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company (Resolution 5). To consider and  if thought ﬁt  to pass the following as an Ordinary Resolution (Resolution 6):""That pursuant to Section 1021 of the Companies Act 2014  the Directors be and are hereby generally and unconditionally authorised to exercise all of the powers of the Company to allot and issue all relevant securities of the Company (within the meaning of Section 1021 of the Companies Act 2014): without prejudice to or limitation of any power and authority granted under paragraph (b) of this Resolution 6  either: in the event that the Required Resolutions are approved at the EGM  up to an aggregate nominal amount of €62 576 (which amount will represent approximately 33% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital immediately following completion of the Tender Offer assuming (a) approval of the Required Resolutions at the EGM  and (b) that the maximum number of Ordinary Shares that may be purchased by the Company under the Tender Offer are purchased by the Company and cancelled); or in the event that the Required Resolutions are not approved at the EGM  up to an aggregate nominal amount of €11 225  representing approximately 33% of the aggregate nominal value of the Company's issued ordinary share capital as at 14 February 2023; and 5 This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Malin Corporation plc published this content on 16 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 16 February 2023 07:18:01 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about MALIN CORPORATION PLC 02/16 Malin confident heading into 2023; proposes investor return AN 02/16 Malin to return up to EUR140 million to shareholders AN 02/16 Malin Starts Tender Offer for Shares MT 02/16 Malin : 2022 Malin Annual Report PU 02/16 Malin : Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting PU 02/16 Malin : Form of Proxy (for information Only) PU 02/16 Malin Corporation plc announces an Equity Buyback for 15 053 763 shares  representing 4.. CI 02/16 Malin Corporation plc authorizes a Buyback Plan. CI 01/23 TRADING UPDATES: CyanConnode to raise funds; Pure Gold cancels listing AN 2022 Malin Pockets EUR145 Million in Exit from Biotechnology Company Immunocare MT",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Malin', 'Notice', 'other independent professional adviser', 'MALIN CORPORATION PLC Notice', 'independent ﬁnancial advisor', 'multiple email addresses', 'S.I. No.', 'Computershare Investor Services', 'Citywest Business Campus', 'Listen-Only Access Code', 'Regulatory News Services', 'Financial Instruments) Regulations', 'UK Financial Services', 'Investment Intermediaries Act', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Irish Standard Time', 'uncertificated (electronic) interests', 'Euroclear Bank systems', 'The Annual Report', 'Teleconference Facility Shareholders', '2022 Annual Report', 'other agent', 'other locations', 'Financial Statements', 'Markets Act', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'bank manager', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'Conrad Hotel', 'Earlsfort Terrace', 'same date', 'same place', '3100 Lake Drive', 'D24 AK82', 'following options', 'earliest opportunity', 'Dear Shareholder', 'best interests', 'Investors"" tab', 'accompanying Form', 'First name', 'paper copy', 'Ireland) Limited', 'proxy form', 'Proxy voting', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'advice', 'organisation', 'ﬁrm', 'territory', 'shares', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', '10 March', '10.15 a', 'Dublin', 'AGM', 'Friday', 'use', 'connection', 'resolutions', 'manner', 'notes', 'Registrar', 'Wednesday', '8 March', 'advance', 'CREST', 'process', 'pages', 'website', 'information', 'persons', 'intermediary', 'proceedings', 'details', 'Local', 'USA', 'Board', 'updates', 'relation', 'Letter', 'Chair', 'pleasure', '10.00 a', 'background', 'Directors', 'Reports', 'Presentations', 'section', 'cosec', 'event', 'submission']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18585,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/citycon-boards-asset-distribution-proposal-to-the-annual-general-meeting-301749285.html,Citycon Board's asset distribution proposal to the Annual General Meeting,HELSINKI  Finland  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2023 at 20:30 hrs The Board of Directors of Citycon Oyj has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 March 2023 asset distribution as foll…,HELSINKI  Finland  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2023 at 20:30 hrsThe Board of Directors of Citycon Oyj has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 March 2023 asset distribution as follows.The Board of Directors proposes that based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial period ended on 31 December 2022  no dividend is distributed by a resolution of the Annual General Meeting. Nonetheless  the Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide in its discretion on the distribution of assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund in the manner set forth below.Based on this authorization  the maximum total amount of equity repayment distributed from the invested unrestricted equity fund shall not exceed EUR 0.50 per share. Based on the current total number of issued shares in the company  the authorization would equal to a maximum of EUR 84 004 470 in equity repayment.The authorization is valid until the opening of the next Annual General Meeting.Unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise for a justified reason  the authorization will be used to distribute equity repayment four times during the period of validity of the authorization. In this case  the Board of Directors will make separate resolutions on each distribution of the equity repayment so that the preliminary record and payment dates will be as stated below. Citycon shall make separate announcements of such Board resolutions.Preliminary payment date Preliminary record date 31 March 2023 24 March 2023 30 June 2023 23 June 2023 29 September 2023 22 September 2023 29 December 2023 20 December 2023The equity repayment based on the resolution of the Board of Directors will be paid to a shareholder registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend and/or equity repayment.Citycon publishes the notice to the Annual General Meeting as a stock exchange release and on the company's website separately.CITYCON OYJFor further information  please contact:Sakari JärveläVice President  Corporate Finance and Investor RelationsTel. +358 50 387 8180sakari.jarvela@citycon.comCitycon is a leading owner  manager and developer of mixed-use real estate featuring modern  necessity-based retail with residential  office and municipal service spaces that enhance the communities in which they operate. Citycon is committed to sustainable property management in the Nordic region with assets that total approximately EUR 4.3 billion. Our centres are located in urban hubs in the heart of vibrant communities with direct connections to public transport and anchored by grocery  healthcare and other services that cater to the everyday needs of customers.Citycon has investment-grade credit ratings from Moody's (Baa3) and Standard & Poor's (BBB-). Citycon's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.www.citycon.comSOURCE Citycon Oyj,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['asset distribution proposal', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Citycon Board', 'Sakari Järvelä Vice President', 'CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'current total number', 'mixed-use real estate', 'modern, necessity-based retail', 'municipal service spaces', 'sustainable property management', 'investment-grade credit ratings', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'maximum total amount', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Preliminary payment date', 'SOURCE Citycon Oyj', 'Preliminary record date', 'payment dates', 'equity repayment', 'balance sheet', 'justified reason', 'separate resolutions', 'separate announcements', ""shareholders' register"", 'Corporate Finance', 'Investor Relations', 'Nordic region', 'urban hubs', 'direct connections', 'public transport', 'other services', 'everyday needs', 'Standard & Poor', 'financial period', 'vibrant communities', 'asset distribution', 'Board resolutions', 'Feb.', 'February', 'Directors', '21 March 2023', '31 December', 'discretion', 'assets', 'manner', 'authorization', 'shares', 'company', 'opening', 'validity', 'case', '24 March', '30 June', '29 September', '20 December', 'notice', 'website', 'information', 'Tel.', 'jarvela', 'manager', 'developer', 'office', 'centres', 'heart', 'grocery', 'healthcare', 'customers', 'Moody', 'Baa', '20:30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,prnewswire.co.uk
18586,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SPEAR-INVESTMENTS-I-B-V-129226115/news/SPEAR-Investments-I-B-Amendment-AoA-English-43009040/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,SPEAR Investments I B : Amendment AoA (English),(marketscreener.com)   ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION:   CHAPTER 1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION.   Artikel 1. Definitions and Construction.   1.1 In these Articles of Association  the following terms have the following meanings:   AZ Capital Sponsor m…,SPEAR Investments I B : Amendment AoA (English) 02/16/2023 | 10:19am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION: CHAPTER 1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION. Artikel 1. Definitions and Construction. 1.1 In these Articles of Association  the following terms have the following meanings: AZ Capital Sponsor means AZ Capital SPEAR Investments I  S.L.  a company incorporated under the laws of Spain  registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid under volume 41745  sheet M-739443 and page 116. Board means the Management Board of the Company. Business Combination has the meaning ascribed to that term in Article 20.1. Capital Share means a non-voting preference Share in the capital of the Company. Company means the company governed by these Articles of Association. Director means a member of the Board and refers to both an Executive Director and a Non-Executive Director. Dutch Representative has the meaning ascribed to that term in Article 14.3. Escrow Account means the escrow account which is held by the Escrow Foundation with Intertrust. Escrow Foundation means Stichting SPEAR Investments Escrow  a foundation under Dutch law (stichting)  having its official seat in the municipality of Amsterdam  the Netherlands  its office address at Basisweg 10  1043 AP Amsterdam  the Netherlands  and registered in the Dutch Commercial Register under number 83119477. Euroclear Netherlands means Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V.  trading under the name Euroclear Nederland  being the central depositary as referred to in the Dutch Securities Giro Act. Executive Director means a Director appointed as Executive Director referred to in Article 14.1. External Auditor has the meaning ascribed to that term in Article 26.1. General Meeting or General Meeting of Shareholders means the body of the Company consisting of those in whom as shareholder or otherwise the voting rights on shares are vested or a meeting of such persons (or their representatives) and other persons holding Meeting Rights. Initial Business Combination Deadline means fifteen (15) months from fifteen November two thousand and twenty-one. Intertrust means Intertrust Escrow and Settlements B.V.  a private limited liability company under Dutch law (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid)  having its official seat in Amsterdam  the Netherlands  its office address at Basisweg 10  1043 AP Amsterdam  the Netherlands  and registered in the Dutch Commercial Register under number 74027166. Meeting Rights means the right to attend the General Meetings and to speak at such meetings  as a Shareholder or as a person to whom these EUO3: 2011261812.1 1 rights have been attributed in accordance with Article 13. Non-ExecutiveDirector means a Director appointed as Non-Executive Director referred to in Article 14.1. Ordinary Share means an ordinary share in the capital of the Company. Record Date has the meaning ascribed to that term in Article 35.2. Share means a share in the capital of the Company. Unless the contrary is apparent  this includes each Ordinary Share  each Special Share and Capital Share. Shareholder means a holder of one or more Shares. This includes a person holding co-ownership rights with regard to shares included in the Statutory Giro System. Special Share means a convertible Share in the capital of the Company referred to in Article 4.1(b). Statutory Giro System means the giro system as referred to in the Dutch Securities Giro Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer). STJ Advisors Sponsor means STJ SPEAR Investments I LLP  a limited liability partnership under the laws of England and Wales and registered under registration number OC437503. Warrant has the meaning ascribed to that term in Article 6. A message in writing means a message transmitted by letter  by telecopier  by e-mail or by any other means of electronic communication provided the relevant message or document is legible and reproducible  and the term written is to be construed accordingly. The Board  the General Meeting as well as the meeting of holders of Shares of a particular class of Shares and the meeting of Warrant holders  each constitutes a distinct body of the Company. References in these Articles of Association to the meeting of holders of Shares of a particular class will be understood to mean the body of the Company consisting of the holders of Shares of the relevant class or (as the case may be) a meeting of holders of Shares of the relevant class (or their representatives) and other persons entitled to attend such meetings. References to Articles refer to articles which are part of these Articles of Association  except where expressly indicated otherwise. Unless the context otherwise requires  words and expressions contained and not otherwise defined in these Articles of Association bear the same meaning as in the Dutch Civil Code. References in these Articles of Association to the law are references to provisions of Dutch law as it reads from time to time. CHAPTER 2. NAME  OFFICIAL SEAT AND OBJECTS. Artikel 2. Name and Official Seat. The Company's name is: SPEAR Investments I B.V. The official seat of the Company is in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.Artikel 3. Objects.The objects of the Company are: to incorporate  to participate in any way whatsoever in  to manage  to supervise businesses and companies; to render advice and services to businesses and companies with which the Company forms a group and to third parties; to finance businesses and companies; to grant guarantees  to bind the Company and to pledge its assets for obligations of businesses and companies with which it forms a group and on behalf of third parties; to acquire  manage  exploit and alienate registered property and items of property in general; to develop and trade in patents  trade marks  licenses  know-how  copyrights  data base rights and other intellectual property rights; to perform any and all activities of an industrial  financial or commercial nature; and to do all that is connected therewith or may be conducive thereto  all to be interpreted in the broadest sense. CHAPTER 3. SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES. Artikel 4. Capital and Shares. The capital of the Company consists of: Ordinary Shares with a nominal value of one eurocent (EUR 0.01) each; Special Shares with a nominal value of one eurocent (EUR 0.01) each; and/or Capital Shares with a nominal value of ten thousand euro (EUR 10 000) each. Capital Shares grant no voting rights in the General Meeting  but provide for Meeting Rights. All Shares will be registered Shares and are numbered by class. No share certificates will be issued. Artikel 5. Conversion rights Special Shares. Each Special Share is convertible into one (1) Ordinary Share. The other terms of and/or the conditions for the conversion are laid down in the relationship agreement between the Company and the sponsors of the Company  and published on the website of the Company. The conversion takes place by board resolution  with due observance of the relevant terms and conditions. If  as a consequence of a conversion of Shares or otherwise  no Shares of a specific class are outstanding  the rights that are attached to this class of Shares will be suspended for the purpose of these Articles of Association  and unless an issuance of Shares of this class is foreseen  a proposal to amend the Articles of Association will be tabled in the next General Meeting. Artikel 6. Warrants. The Company may issue different types of transferable rights (the Warrants ) to the holders of Ordinary Shares and Special Shares  entitling the Warrant holders to convert such Warrants into a specified number of Ordinary Shares on the terms of such Warrants established by the Board and published on the website of the Company. A resolution of the Board to amend the terms of the Warrants which has the effect of reducing the rights attributable to holders of Warrants  is subject to approval of the meeting of holders of Warrants. 6.3 The Warrants do not entitle the holders thereof to receive dividend  other distributions from the reserves or liquidation distributions in the Company until the moment the Warrants are converted into Shares. Artikel 7. Register of Shareholders. The Company must keep a register of Shareholders. The register of Shareholders may consist of various parts which may be kept in different places and each may be kept in more than one copy and in more than one place as determined by the Board. Ordinary Shares included in the Statutory Giro System will be registered in the name of Euroclear Netherlands or an intermediary (as referred to in the Dutch Securities Giro Act). Holders of Shares that are not included in the Statutory Giro System  as well as each usufructuary and each pledgee of such Shares  are obliged to furnish their names and addresses to the Company in writing; these will be recorded in the register of Shareholders. The Board will supply anyone recorded in the register on request and free of charge with an extract from the register relating to his or her right to Shares. The register will be kept up to date. The Board will set rules with respect to the signing of registrations and entries in the register of Shareholders. The provisions of Section 2:194 of the Dutch Civil Code apply to the register of Shareholders. Artikel 8. Issuance of Shares. Shares may be issued pursuant to a resolution of the Board. A resolution to issue Special Shares requires the prior approval of the meeting of holders of Special Shares. A resolution to issue Capital Shares requires the prior approval of the meeting of holders of Capital Shares. Upon the resolution to issue Shares  the Board determines the issue price and the other conditions of issuance in the resolution to issue. The foregoing provisions of this Artikel 8 apply by analogy to the granting of rights to subscribe for Shares  but do not apply to the issuance of Shares to a person exercising a right to subscribe for Shares previously granted. Upon each issuance of Shares  the Board can decide that the issuance takes place at the expense of the freely distributable reserves of the Company. The issue of a Share  not being a Share included in the Statutory Giro System  furthermore requires a notarial deed drawn up for that purpose and executed before a civil law notary officiating in The Netherlands  to which the Company and the person or persons subscribing for that Share are a party. The Board is authorised to enter into legal acts relating to non-cash contributions and the other legal acts referred to in Section 2:204 of the Dutch Civil Code without the prior approval of the General Meeting. Artikel 9. Pre-emptive Rights. 9.1 Upon the issuance of Ordinary Shares  each holder of Ordinary Shares and/or Special Shares will have pre-emptive rights in proportion to the number of Ordinary Shares and/or Special Shares held by the Shareholder. A Shareholder will not have pre-emptive rights in respect of Ordinary Shares issued against a contribution in kind (storting in natura). Nor will he or she have pre-emptive rights in respect of Ordinary Shares issued to employees of the Company or of a group company (groepsmaatschappij) as defined in Section 2:24b of the Dutch Civil Code. Upon the issuance of Special Shares  each holder of Special Shares will have pre-emptive rights in proportion to the aggregate nominal value of his or her Special Shares. Holders of Ordinary Shares will not have pre-emptive rights in respect of Special Shares. Upon the issuance of Capital Shares  each holder of Capital Shares will have pre-emptive rights in proportion to the aggregate nominal value of his or her Capital Shares. Prior to each individual issuance  the pre-emptive rights may be restricted or excluded by a resolution of the Board. When rights are granted to subscribe for Ordinary Shares  the Shareholders will have pre-emptive rights in respect thereof; the foregoing provisions of Article 9.1 apply by analogy. Shareholders will have no pre-emptive rights in respect of Ordinary Shares issued to a person exercising a right to subscribe for Ordinary Shares previously granted (including  for the avoidance of doubt  upon the conversion of Warrants). The last sentence applies  mutatis mutandis   for Special Shares. Artikel 10. Own Shares. When issuing Shares  the Company may not subscribe for its own Shares. The Company and its subsidiaries ( dochtermaatschappijen) are entitled to acquire fully paid-up Shares  or depositary receipts for Shares  with due observance of the relevant statutory provisions. No voting rights may be exercised in the General Meeting with respect to any Share held by the Company or by a subsidiary (dochtermaatschappij)   or any Share for which the Company or a subsidiary (dochtermaatschappij) holds the depositary receipts. When calculating dividend distributions and when calculating any other distributions  shares held by the Company in its own capital will not be taken into account. The Board is authorised to alienate Shares held by the Company or depositary receipts for Shares. Own Shares and depositary receipts for Shares are furthermore subject to the provisions of Sections 2:205  2:207  2:207a  2:207b  2:207d and 2:228 of the Dutch Civil Code. Artikel 11. Capital reduction. 11.1 The General Meeting may  but only at the proposal of the Board  resolve to reduce the Company's issued capital: by cancellation of Shares; or by reducing the nominal value of Shares by amendment of the Articles of Association. The Shares in respect of which such resolution is passed must be designated therein and provisions for the implementation of such resolution must be made therein. 11.2 A resolution to cancel Shares can only relate to: Shares held by the Company itself or of which it holds the depositary receipts; This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Spear Investments I BV published this content on 16 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 16 February 2023 15:18:07 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about SPEAR INVESTMENTS I B.V. 02/16 Spear Investments I B : Amendment AoA (English) PU 02/03 Spear Investments I B : EGM | Voting results 13 January 2023 PU 01/31 Spear Investments I B : Press Release - Board Non-exercise of Non-Extension Right PU 01/17 Spear Investments I B : Press Release Extension | 17 January 2023 PU 01/13 Spear Investments I B : Press Release. Results of Extension EGM. 13 Jan 2023 PU 2022 Spear Investments I B : Press Release 28 DEC 2022 PU 2022 Spear Investments I B : Press Release 23 December 2022 PU 2022 Spear Investments I B : Amendment AoA (english) PU 2022 Spear Investments I B : Shareholders circular extension PU 2022 Spear Investments I B : Proxy extensión EGM PU,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['SPEAR Investments I B', 'Amendment AoA', 'Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V.', 'STJ SPEAR Investments I LLP', 'SPEAR Investments I B', 'Capital SPEAR Investments I', 'Initial Business Combination Deadline', 'Dutch Securities Giro Act', 'Settlements B.V.', 'private limited liability company', 'SPEAR Investments Escrow', 'STJ Advisors Sponsor', 'limited liability partnership', 'multiple email addresses', 'Statutory Giro System', 'Dutch Civil Code', 'Dutch Commercial Register', 'voting preference Share', 'AZ Capital Sponsor', 'Dutch Representative', 'Commercial Registry', 'Dutch law', 'voting rights', 'Escrow Account', 'Amendment AoA', 'following terms', 'following meanings', 'official seat', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'central depositary', 'External Auditor', 'fifteen (15) months', 'fifteen November', 'besloten vennootschap', 'Record Date', 'other means', 'electronic communication', 'particular class', 'relevant class', 'Ordinary Share', 'Special Share', 'convertible Share', 'Escrow Foundation', 'ownership rights', 'Capital Share', 'other persons', 'Executive Director', '1043 AP Amsterdam', 'General Meeting', 'Intertrust Escrow', 'First name', 'registration number', 'distinct body', 'Meeting Rights', 'Management Board', 'relevant message', 'Euroclear Netherlands', 'same meaning', 'office address', 'Warrant holders', '1 rights', 'meetings', 'commas', 'fields', 'ASSOCIATION', 'CHAPTER', 'DEFINITIONS', 'CONSTRUCTION', 'Artikel', 'Articles', 'laws', 'Spain', 'Madrid', 'volume', 'sheet', 'page', 'member', 'municipality', 'Basisweg 10', 'Shareholders', 'shares', 'representatives', 'accordance', 'Non-ExecutiveDirector', 'contrary', 'one', 'regard', 'England', 'Wales', 'writing', 'letter', 'telecopier', 'document', 'References', 'case', 'context', 'words', 'expressions', 'provisions', 'time']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18587,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-of-essity-aktiebolag-publ-301749166.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ),"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Ni…","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm (registration from 2 p.m.)The shareholders also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by voting in advance (so-called postal voting) ahead of the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may thereby choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting 2023 by attending in person  through a proxy or by advance voting as instructed below.A. Right to participate at the MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must- be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  21 March 2023; and· give notice of its intention to participate in the Meeting in accordance with the instructions set out in section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy""no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  or by submitting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under section ""C. Advance voting"" no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.For shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  21 March 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  will be considered in the presentation of the share register.B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxyA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice to the company as instructed below:· by telephone +46 8 402 90 80  weekdays between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. · on the company website www.essity.com · by mail to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or· by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.comName  personal identity number/corporate registration number  address and telephone number  and number of accompanying persons (no more than two)  if any  should be stated when notification is given. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate and other authorization document should be sent to the company at the address stated above well in advance of the Meeting and no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.C. Advance votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must however give notice in accordance with the instructions under section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation only through advance voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue.A special form must be used for the advance vote. The form is available on Essity's website  www.essity.com. Submission of the form in accordance with the instructions set out below is considered as notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  23 March 2023. The completed form may be sent to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically. Electronic submission can be made either through verification with BankID in accordance with instructions at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by sending the completed form by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Electronic submission must be made no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the advance vote. If so  the entire advance vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the advance voting form.Shareholders submitting their advance vote by proxy must issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder  which must be enclosed with the advance voting form. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories shall be appended to the advance voting form.Proposed agenda1. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Election of two persons to check the minutes.4. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened.5. Approval of the agenda.6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration for the senior management have been complied with.7. Resolutions ona. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriations of the company's earnings under the adopted balance sheet and record date for dividend; andc. discharge from personal liability of the Board of Directors and the President for 2022.8. Resolution on the number of directors and deputy directors.9. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors.10. Resolution on remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditor.11. Election of directors and deputy directors.Re-election ofa. Ewa Björlingb. Pär Bomanc. Annemarie Gardshold. Magnus Grothe. Torbjörn Lööff. Bert Nordbergg. Barbara Milian ThoralfssonNew election ofh. Maria Carella. Jan Gurander12. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of auditors and deputy auditors.14. Resolution on approval of the Board's report on remuneration for the senior management.15. Resolution on cash-based incentive program.16. Resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve ona. acquisition of own shares; andb. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions.Proposal for resolution under Item 1The Nomination Committee proposes attorney-at-law Carl Svernlöv as Chairman of the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Essity  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue and received advance votes.Proposal for resolution under Item 7.bThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the financial year 2022 of SEK 7.25 per share. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Friday  31 March 2023. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  5 April 2023.Proposal for resolution under Item 8–13The Nomination Committee proposes the following:· The number of directors shall be nine with no deputy director.· The number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditor.· The remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting and who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 875 000 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 625 000. Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 130 000  while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 155 000. Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.· Re-election of the directors Ewa Björling  Pär Boman  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth  Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg and Barbara Milian Thoralfsson and new election of Maria Carell and Jan Gurander. Bjørn Gulden  Louise Svanberg and Lars Rebien Sørensen have declined re-election.Maria Carell  born 1973  has since 2017 been the President and CEO of RG  an esthetics and skincare specialized company based in Dallas  USA. She is a Swedish citizen and has lived in the USA since 2012. Maria Carell has a solid pharmaceutical and med-tech background including previous leading positions in i.a. Exeltis  Meda  Q-MED  Actavis  Novartis and Jensen-Cilag. She has served as a board member in several companies during the last 20 years but today only has a board assignment in RG Holdco. Maria Carell has a M.Sc. in Business Administration and Economics with focus on international business.Jan Gurander  born 1961  was during 2016-2022 deputy CEO in the Volvo Group and was also CFO for the Volvo Group during 2014-2018. He is a Swedish citizen. Jan Gurander has experience from leading positions in listed large international industrial companies and from the financial sector  such as MAN  Volvo Cars  Swedbank Robur  Scania and Investor. Today he has a board assignment in one listed company (Skanska)  where he is also serving as a member in all of the board committees. Jan Gurander has a M.Sc. in Business and Economics from Stockholm School of Economics.· Re-election of Pär Boman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.· Re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. If elected  Ernst & Young AB has announced its appointment of Erik Sandström as auditor in charge.Proposal for resolution under Item 15The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves to approve a cash-based incentive program which is directed to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in Essity (the ""Program"") as follows. In order to encourage a common interest for the participants and the shareholders of long-term good return and the company's ability to recruit and retain key employees  the Board of Directors considers that the company shall have cash-based incentive programs. Such programs should be approved annually and have performance conditions related to (i) the relative value development of Essity's class B share  and (ii) reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The Board of Directors also considers that there should be a requirement for the participants' own investment in Essity shares and that such shares should be held for a period of at least three years. It is noted that the Program is exclusively cash-based and does not result in any dilution or other impact on the rights of the shares.Essity has for a number of years resolved on similar cash-based programs  which are described in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report and in the remuneration report approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022. The Board of Directors' assessment is that these programs have worked very well.Against this background  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves on a cash-based incentive program  as further described below.Principal terms and conditions of the ProgramThe proposed Program for 2023–2025 shall be based on the following principal terms and conditions.a. The Program is proposed to be open to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in the Essity group  a total of approximately 380 persons (the ""Participants"").b. The Participants shall have the opportunity  depending on satisfaction of certain performance conditions in accordance with paragraph (c) below  to obtain a cash remuneration (the ""Cash Remuneration"") after the end of a measurement period which covers the years 2023–2025 (the ""Measurement Period""). The Cash Remuneration for each Participant may not exceed a certain percentage of the Participant's fixed annual salary (gross) for 2025  as follows: (i) for the President  a maximum of 50 per cent  (ii) for other members of the senior management  a maximum of 80 per cent and (iii) for other Participants  a maximum of 50 per cent. The maximum variable remuneration level shall be determined per individual  taking into account the total remuneration in relation to the specific role  the local market  the terms of employment or the individual performance.c. Payment of the Cash Remuneration shall depend on the degree on satisfaction of the following performance conditions for the Program under the Measurement Period:i. A financial target consisting of the total shareholder return (""TSR"") on the company's class B share under the Measurement Period in relation to a benchmark group of other companies (the ""TSR Condition"").[1] The benchmark group shall to 60 per cent consist of companies which are comparable with the operations in the company's business area Consumer Goods and to 20 per cent each consist of companies that are comparable with the operations in the business area Health & Medical and Professional Hygiene  respectively.[2]A condition for payment is that the TSR of Essity's class B share is not lower than the weighted TSR outcome for the benchmark group under the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Minimum Level""). If the TSR Minimum Level is not reached  no payment of Cash Remuneration related to the TSR Condition will be made. For maximum payment (100 per cent)  it is required that the TSR of Essity's class B share exceeds the weighted TSR outcome for the Benchmark Group with at least 5 percentage points during the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Maximum Level""). Should the TSR of Essity's class B share be between the TSR Minimum Level and the TSR Maximum Level during the Measurement Period  a linear payment will be made.ii. A sustainability target related to the company's reduction of greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period (the ""Sustainability Condition"").[3]A condition for payment of Cash Remuneration related to Sustainability Condition is that the company reduces greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period by at least 7.5 per cent compared to the base year 2016 (the ""Sustainability Target""). If the Sustainability Target is reached  full payment of Cash Remuneration relating to the Sustainability Condition will be made. If the Sustainability Target is not reached  no payment relating to this target will be made.iii. The TSR Condition will be weighted 80 per cent and the Sustainability Condition 20 per cent  when payment of the Cash Remuneration is decided.d. Cash Remuneration will normally be paid only after the expiration of the Measurement Period and shall in general not qualify for the basis for pension computation.e. Participants shall normally be invited to the Program during the first year of the Program. A prerequisite for a Participant to be able to receive full Cash Remuneration  is that the Participant has been permanently employed withing the Essity group throughout the Measurement Period. If a Participant has commenced its employment within the Essity group during the Measurement Period  the payment of Cash Remuneration shall be made pro rata.f. Each Participant shall undertake  for as long as the Participant is employed within the Essity group  to acquire Essity shares for (i) the total paid net amount of the Cash Remuneration regarding senior management  and (ii) at least half the total paid net amount regarding other Participants  no later than 30 June 2026 (or as soon as possible thereafter if the Participant has been prevented from acquiring Essity shares at such time due to applicable insider rules)  and to retain such shares for a period of at least three years after the acquisition  with certain exemptions approved by the Board of Directors. If a Participant does not acquire or retain Essity shares in accordance with the above  the Participant's right to payment under future incentive programs to which the Participant has been invited to participate  shall lapse.g. If extraordinary changes in the Essity group or in the market occur which  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  would result in a situation where the conditions for Cash Remuneration under the Program become unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Program  including  among other things  be entitled to resolve on a reduced right to Cash Remuneration  or that no Cash Remuneration shall be paid at all.h. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish the detailed terms and conditions for the Program. The Board of Directors may  in that regard  make necessary adjustments of these general terms and conditions due to changed circumstances or to satisfy certain regulations or market conditions outside Sweden.i. Participation in the Program presupposes that such participation is legally possible in the various jurisdictions concerned.Measurement Period and vesting periodThe Measurement Period for the performance conditions under the proposed Program will cover the financial years 2023–2025. The intention of the Board of Directors is that also future programs shall have a measurement period of three years. In order to receive full Cash Remuneration  employment within the Essity group throughout the vesting period is required. Further  the vesting period  which is three years  shall be combined with a requirement that the Participant must undertake to acquire and hold Essity shares for at least a three-year period after the acquisition  in accordance with above. Required long-term nature of the Program is achieved by the above stated requirements which totals six years.Costs for the Program  dilution  etc.The cost for the Program  including social security charges  including approximately 380 employees  amounts to a maximum of SEK 260 million assuming 100 per cent satisfaction of all of the performance conditions for all Participants in the Program. The cost of the Program amounts to a maximum of 1.7 per cent of Essity's total cost for salaries and remuneration  including social security charges.The Program is cash-based and does not entail any dilution for the company's shareholders. No hedging arrangements are intended to be made with regard to the Program's financial exposure.Preparations of the proposalThe proposed Program has been prepared by Essity's Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee has presented documentation to the Board of Directors  whereafter the Board of Directors has resolved that the Program shall be referred to the Annual General Meeting 2023 for approval.Majority requirementsThe Annual General Meeting's resolution on approval of the Program requires a simple majority of the votes cast.Previous incentive programs in EssityThe company's other incentive programs are described more in detail in Essity's report on remuneration for 2022  which is included in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report 2022 and available on the company's website  www.essity.com.Proposal for resolution under Item 16The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it would be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the capital structure and to be able to acquire own shares to be used as payment or financing on account of company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. Hence  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of own class B shares mainly as follows.a. Acquisition of own sharesAcquisition of class B shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the at each time prevailing price interval for the share on the marketplace  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. The authorisation may be utilised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. A maximum of so many class B shares may be acquired that Essity's holding at each time amount to a maximum of 10 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in Essity.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.b. Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsTransfer of class B shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  as well as outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind or set-off rights. The shares may be used as payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses or as to finance acquisition of companies or businesses. Transfer may be made of the maximum number of shares held by Essity at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution. The authorisation may be utilized on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. Transfer upon acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision of transfer. Transfers made on Nasdaq Stockholm to finance acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a price within the each time prevailing price interval of the share.The purpose of the authorisation to acquire shares in the company is to be able to adapt the company's capital structure and to be able to use repurchased shares in connection with the potential company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. The purpose of the authorisation to transfer own shares is to give the Board of Directors increased flexibility when financing company acquisitions. The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to create alternative forms of payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses.Majority requirementsThe Meeting's resolution under Item 16 requires that shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting approve the resolution.The Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 is composed of Helena Stjernholm  AB Industrivärden  the Chairman of the Nomination Committee  Anders Oscarsson  AMF and AMF Fonder  Ola Peter Krohn Gjessing  Norges Bank Investment Management  Marianne Nilsson  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Pär Boman  Chairman of the Board of Essity.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 702 342 489 shares  of which 61 158 914 are class A shares and 641 183 575 are class B shares  representing a total of 1 252 772 715 votes. The class A share carries ten votes  and the class B share carries one vote. No shares are held by Essity. The information pertains to the circumstances as per the time of issuing this notice.Additional informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report  the Board of Directors' complete proposals including the Board of Directors' statements pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the senior management  will be available at the company and on the company's website  www.essity.com  no later than Wednesday  8 March 2023. Information about the proposed board members and the proposed auditor  the Nomination Committee's statement  proxy forms  and forms for advance voting are available on the company's website  www.essity.com. The documents will be distributed free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address and will be available at the General Meeting.The Board of Directors and the president shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and regarding circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in February 2023Essity Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of Directors[1] The calculation of TSR is done as follows. The volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2022 is compared with the volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2025  including dividend and other return.[2] When implementing the Program  the benchmark group comprises of the following companies. For Consumer Goods: Procter & Gamble  Kimberly-Clark  Unicharm and Ontex. For Health & Medical: Smith & Nephew  Convatec and Hartman. For Professional Hygiene: Kimberly-Clark  Ecolab and Diversey. Each company has the same significance within the respective business area. The benchmark group can be adjusted according to the Board of Directors' decision if the Board of Directors deems it appropriate.[3] The calculation of greenhouse gas emissions shall be based on the target adopted by the company according to Science Based Targets (SBTi) in Scope 1 and 2. The assessment shall be made on the basis of the actual greenhouse gas emissions within the specified classes during the Measurement Period  taking into account acquisitions or divestments made. For more information about SBTi and the company's target  see Essity's Annual and Sustainability report 2022  and www.essity.com/sustainability/why-we-do-it/science-based-targets/.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 733 13 30 55  per.lorentz@essity.comJohan Karlsson  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 705 11 15 81  johan.ir.karlsson@essity.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15798/3716383/1855944.pdf Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ)SOURCE Essity",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.18,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'equivalent authorization document', 'other authorization document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'C. Advance voting', 'entire advance vote', 'voting rights registration', 'postal voting', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'accompanying persons', 'issue date', 'longer period', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'one (1) year', 'authorized signatories', 'telephone number', 'other nominee', 'Electronic submission', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'special form', 'completed form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'written proxy', 'Proxy forms', 'B. Notice', 'company website', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'opportunity', 'A.', 'presentation', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'accordance', 'section', 'participation', 'Thursday', 'shares', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'request', 'routines', 'time', '8 a', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'address', 'notification', 'dated', 'representative', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'verification', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'conditions', '3', '2']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,prnewswire.co.uk
18588,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-of-essity-aktiebolag-publ-301749166.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ),"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Ni…","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm (registration from 2 p.m.)The shareholders also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by voting in advance (so-called postal voting) ahead of the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may thereby choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting 2023 by attending in person  through a proxy or by advance voting as instructed below.A. Right to participate at the MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must- be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  21 March 2023; and· give notice of its intention to participate in the Meeting in accordance with the instructions set out in section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy""no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  or by submitting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under section ""C. Advance voting"" no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.For shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  21 March 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  will be considered in the presentation of the share register.B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxyA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice to the company as instructed below:· by telephone +46 8 402 90 80  weekdays between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. · on the company website www.essity.com · by mail to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or· by email to [email protected]Name  personal identity number/corporate registration number  address and telephone number  and number of accompanying persons (no more than two)  if any  should be stated when notification is given. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate and other authorization document should be sent to the company at the address stated above well in advance of the Meeting and no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.C. Advance votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must however give notice in accordance with the instructions under section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation only through advance voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue.A special form must be used for the advance vote. The form is available on Essity's website  www.essity.com. Submission of the form in accordance with the instructions set out below is considered as notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  23 March 2023. The completed form may be sent to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically. Electronic submission can be made either through verification with BankID in accordance with instructions at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by sending the completed form by email to [email protected]. Electronic submission must be made no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the advance vote. If so  the entire advance vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the advance voting form.Shareholders submitting their advance vote by proxy must issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder  which must be enclosed with the advance voting form. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories shall be appended to the advance voting form.Proposed agenda1. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Election of two persons to check the minutes.4. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened.5. Approval of the agenda.6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration for the senior management have been complied with.7. Resolutions ona. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriations of the company's earnings under the adopted balance sheet and record date for dividend; andc. discharge from personal liability of the Board of Directors and the President for 2022.8. Resolution on the number of directors and deputy directors.9. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors.10. Resolution on remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditor.11. Election of directors and deputy directors.Re-election ofa. Ewa Björlingb. Pär Bomanc. Annemarie Gardshold. Magnus Grothe. Torbjörn Lööff. Bert Nordbergg. Barbara Milian ThoralfssonNew election ofh. Maria Carella. Jan Gurander12. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of auditors and deputy auditors.14. Resolution on approval of the Board's report on remuneration for the senior management.15. Resolution on cash-based incentive program.16. Resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve ona. acquisition of own shares; andb. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions.Proposal for resolution under Item 1The Nomination Committee proposes attorney-at-law Carl Svernlöv as Chairman of the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Essity  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue and received advance votes.Proposal for resolution under Item 7.bThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the financial year 2022 of SEK 7.25 per share. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Friday  31 March 2023. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  5 April 2023.Proposal for resolution under Item 8–13The Nomination Committee proposes the following:· The number of directors shall be nine with no deputy director.· The number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditor.· The remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting and who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 875 000 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 625 000. Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 130 000  while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 155 000. Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.· Re-election of the directors Ewa Björling  Pär Boman  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth  Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg and Barbara Milian Thoralfsson and new election of Maria Carell and Jan Gurander. Bjørn Gulden  Louise Svanberg and Lars Rebien Sørensen have declined re-election.Maria Carell  born 1973  has since 2017 been the President and CEO of RG  an esthetics and skincare specialized company based in Dallas  USA. She is a Swedish citizen and has lived in the USA since 2012. Maria Carell has a solid pharmaceutical and med-tech background including previous leading positions in i.a. Exeltis  Meda  Q-MED  Actavis  Novartis and Jensen-Cilag. She has served as a board member in several companies during the last 20 years but today only has a board assignment in RG Holdco. Maria Carell has a M.Sc. in Business Administration and Economics with focus on international business.Jan Gurander  born 1961  was during 2016-2022 deputy CEO in the Volvo Group and was also CFO for the Volvo Group during 2014-2018. He is a Swedish citizen. Jan Gurander has experience from leading positions in listed large international industrial companies and from the financial sector  such as MAN  Volvo Cars  Swedbank Robur  Scania and Investor. Today he has a board assignment in one listed company (Skanska)  where he is also serving as a member in all of the board committees. Jan Gurander has a M.Sc. in Business and Economics from Stockholm School of Economics.· Re-election of Pär Boman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.· Re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. If elected  Ernst & Young AB has announced its appointment of Erik Sandström as auditor in charge.Proposal for resolution under Item 15The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves to approve a cash-based incentive program which is directed to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in Essity (the ""Program"") as follows. In order to encourage a common interest for the participants and the shareholders of long-term good return and the company's ability to recruit and retain key employees  the Board of Directors considers that the company shall have cash-based incentive programs. Such programs should be approved annually and have performance conditions related to (i) the relative value development of Essity's class B share  and (ii) reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The Board of Directors also considers that there should be a requirement for the participants' own investment in Essity shares and that such shares should be held for a period of at least three years. It is noted that the Program is exclusively cash-based and does not result in any dilution or other impact on the rights of the shares.Essity has for a number of years resolved on similar cash-based programs  which are described in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report and in the remuneration report approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022. The Board of Directors' assessment is that these programs have worked very well.Against this background  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves on a cash-based incentive program  as further described below.Principal terms and conditions of the ProgramThe proposed Program for 2023–2025 shall be based on the following principal terms and conditions.a. The Program is proposed to be open to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in the Essity group  a total of approximately 380 persons (the ""Participants"").b. The Participants shall have the opportunity  depending on satisfaction of certain performance conditions in accordance with paragraph (c) below  to obtain a cash remuneration (the ""Cash Remuneration"") after the end of a measurement period which covers the years 2023–2025 (the ""Measurement Period""). The Cash Remuneration for each Participant may not exceed a certain percentage of the Participant's fixed annual salary (gross) for 2025  as follows: (i) for the President  a maximum of 50 per cent  (ii) for other members of the senior management  a maximum of 80 per cent and (iii) for other Participants  a maximum of 50 per cent. The maximum variable remuneration level shall be determined per individual  taking into account the total remuneration in relation to the specific role  the local market  the terms of employment or the individual performance.c. Payment of the Cash Remuneration shall depend on the degree on satisfaction of the following performance conditions for the Program under the Measurement Period:i. A financial target consisting of the total shareholder return (""TSR"") on the company's class B share under the Measurement Period in relation to a benchmark group of other companies (the ""TSR Condition"").[1] The benchmark group shall to 60 per cent consist of companies which are comparable with the operations in the company's business area Consumer Goods and to 20 per cent each consist of companies that are comparable with the operations in the business area Health & Medical and Professional Hygiene  respectively.[2]A condition for payment is that the TSR of Essity's class B share is not lower than the weighted TSR outcome for the benchmark group under the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Minimum Level""). If the TSR Minimum Level is not reached  no payment of Cash Remuneration related to the TSR Condition will be made. For maximum payment (100 per cent)  it is required that the TSR of Essity's class B share exceeds the weighted TSR outcome for the Benchmark Group with at least 5 percentage points during the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Maximum Level""). Should the TSR of Essity's class B share be between the TSR Minimum Level and the TSR Maximum Level during the Measurement Period  a linear payment will be made.ii. A sustainability target related to the company's reduction of greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period (the ""Sustainability Condition"").[3]A condition for payment of Cash Remuneration related to Sustainability Condition is that the company reduces greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period by at least 7.5 per cent compared to the base year 2016 (the ""Sustainability Target""). If the Sustainability Target is reached  full payment of Cash Remuneration relating to the Sustainability Condition will be made. If the Sustainability Target is not reached  no payment relating to this target will be made.iii. The TSR Condition will be weighted 80 per cent and the Sustainability Condition 20 per cent  when payment of the Cash Remuneration is decided.d. Cash Remuneration will normally be paid only after the expiration of the Measurement Period and shall in general not qualify for the basis for pension computation.e. Participants shall normally be invited to the Program during the first year of the Program. A prerequisite for a Participant to be able to receive full Cash Remuneration  is that the Participant has been permanently employed withing the Essity group throughout the Measurement Period. If a Participant has commenced its employment within the Essity group during the Measurement Period  the payment of Cash Remuneration shall be made pro rata.f. Each Participant shall undertake  for as long as the Participant is employed within the Essity group  to acquire Essity shares for (i) the total paid net amount of the Cash Remuneration regarding senior management  and (ii) at least half the total paid net amount regarding other Participants  no later than 30 June 2026 (or as soon as possible thereafter if the Participant has been prevented from acquiring Essity shares at such time due to applicable insider rules)  and to retain such shares for a period of at least three years after the acquisition  with certain exemptions approved by the Board of Directors. If a Participant does not acquire or retain Essity shares in accordance with the above  the Participant's right to payment under future incentive programs to which the Participant has been invited to participate  shall lapse.g. If extraordinary changes in the Essity group or in the market occur which  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  would result in a situation where the conditions for Cash Remuneration under the Program become unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Program  including  among other things  be entitled to resolve on a reduced right to Cash Remuneration  or that no Cash Remuneration shall be paid at all.h. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish the detailed terms and conditions for the Program. The Board of Directors may  in that regard  make necessary adjustments of these general terms and conditions due to changed circumstances or to satisfy certain regulations or market conditions outside Sweden.i. Participation in the Program presupposes that such participation is legally possible in the various jurisdictions concerned.Measurement Period and vesting periodThe Measurement Period for the performance conditions under the proposed Program will cover the financial years 2023–2025. The intention of the Board of Directors is that also future programs shall have a measurement period of three years. In order to receive full Cash Remuneration  employment within the Essity group throughout the vesting period is required. Further  the vesting period  which is three years  shall be combined with a requirement that the Participant must undertake to acquire and hold Essity shares for at least a three-year period after the acquisition  in accordance with above. Required long-term nature of the Program is achieved by the above stated requirements which totals six years.Costs for the Program  dilution  etc.The cost for the Program  including social security charges  including approximately 380 employees  amounts to a maximum of SEK 260 million assuming 100 per cent satisfaction of all of the performance conditions for all Participants in the Program. The cost of the Program amounts to a maximum of 1.7 per cent of Essity's total cost for salaries and remuneration  including social security charges.The Program is cash-based and does not entail any dilution for the company's shareholders. No hedging arrangements are intended to be made with regard to the Program's financial exposure.Preparations of the proposalThe proposed Program has been prepared by Essity's Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee has presented documentation to the Board of Directors  whereafter the Board of Directors has resolved that the Program shall be referred to the Annual General Meeting 2023 for approval.Majority requirementsThe Annual General Meeting's resolution on approval of the Program requires a simple majority of the votes cast.Previous incentive programs in EssityThe company's other incentive programs are described more in detail in Essity's report on remuneration for 2022  which is included in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report 2022 and available on the company's website  www.essity.com.Proposal for resolution under Item 16The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it would be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the capital structure and to be able to acquire own shares to be used as payment or financing on account of company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. Hence  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of own class B shares mainly as follows.a. Acquisition of own sharesAcquisition of class B shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the at each time prevailing price interval for the share on the marketplace  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. The authorisation may be utilised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. A maximum of so many class B shares may be acquired that Essity's holding at each time amount to a maximum of 10 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in Essity.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.b. Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsTransfer of class B shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  as well as outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind or set-off rights. The shares may be used as payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses or as to finance acquisition of companies or businesses. Transfer may be made of the maximum number of shares held by Essity at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution. The authorisation may be utilized on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. Transfer upon acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision of transfer. Transfers made on Nasdaq Stockholm to finance acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a price within the each time prevailing price interval of the share.The purpose of the authorisation to acquire shares in the company is to be able to adapt the company's capital structure and to be able to use repurchased shares in connection with the potential company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. The purpose of the authorisation to transfer own shares is to give the Board of Directors increased flexibility when financing company acquisitions. The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to create alternative forms of payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses.Majority requirementsThe Meeting's resolution under Item 16 requires that shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting approve the resolution.The Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 is composed of Helena Stjernholm  AB Industrivärden  the Chairman of the Nomination Committee  Anders Oscarsson  AMF and AMF Fonder  Ola Peter Krohn Gjessing  Norges Bank Investment Management  Marianne Nilsson  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Pär Boman  Chairman of the Board of Essity.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 702 342 489 shares  of which 61 158 914 are class A shares and 641 183 575 are class B shares  representing a total of 1 252 772 715 votes. The class A share carries ten votes  and the class B share carries one vote. No shares are held by Essity. The information pertains to the circumstances as per the time of issuing this notice.Additional informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report  the Board of Directors' complete proposals including the Board of Directors' statements pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the senior management  will be available at the company and on the company's website  www.essity.com  no later than Wednesday  8 March 2023. Information about the proposed board members and the proposed auditor  the Nomination Committee's statement  proxy forms  and forms for advance voting are available on the company's website  www.essity.com. The documents will be distributed free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address and will be available at the General Meeting.The Board of Directors and the president shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and regarding circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in February 2023Essity Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of Directors[1] The calculation of TSR is done as follows. The volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2022 is compared with the volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2025  including dividend and other return.[2] When implementing the Program  the benchmark group comprises of the following companies. For Consumer Goods: Procter & Gamble  Kimberly-Clark  Unicharm and Ontex. For Health & Medical: Smith & Nephew  Convatec and Hartman. For Professional Hygiene: Kimberly-Clark  Ecolab and Diversey. Each company has the same significance within the respective business area. The benchmark group can be adjusted according to the Board of Directors' decision if the Board of Directors deems it appropriate.[3] The calculation of greenhouse gas emissions shall be based on the target adopted by the company according to Science Based Targets (SBTi) in Scope 1 and 2. The assessment shall be made on the basis of the actual greenhouse gas emissions within the specified classes during the Measurement Period  taking into account acquisitions or divestments made. For more information about SBTi and the company's target  see Essity's Annual and Sustainability report 2022  and www.essity.com/sustainability/why-we-do-it/science-based-targets/.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 733 13 30 55  [email protected]Johan Karlsson  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 705 11 15 81  [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15798/3716383/1855944.pdf Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ)SOURCE Essity",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.18,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'equivalent authorization document', 'other authorization document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'C. Advance voting', 'entire advance vote', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'postal voting', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'accompanying persons', 'issue date', 'longer period', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'one (1) year', 'authorized signatories', 'anmalan.vpc', 'telephone number', 'special form', 'other nominee', 'Electronic submission', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'completed form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'written proxy', 'Proxy forms', 'B. Notice', 'company website', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'opportunity', 'A.', 'presentation', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'accordance', 'section', 'participation', 'Thursday', 'shares', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'request', 'routines', 'time', '8 a', 'mail', 'address', 'notification', 'dated', 'representative', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'verification', 'euroclearproxy', 'conditions', '3', '2']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,prnewswire.com
18589,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NOHO-PARTNERS-OYJ-15022453/news/NOHO-PARTNERS-PLC-S-FINANCIAL-STATEMENTS-RELEASE-1-JANUARY-ndash-31-DECEMBER-2022-Record-year-ndas-43001110/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,NOHO PARTNERS PLC'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 1 JANUARY–31 DECEMBER 2022: Record year – the company returns to paying strong dividend,(marketscreener.com) NoHo Partners Plc FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 16 February 2023 at 8.00 EET NOHO PARTNERS PLC’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 1 JANUARY–31 DECEMBER 2022: Record year – the company returns to paying strong dividend OCTOBER–DECEMBER 2022 IN …,NOHO PARTNERS PLC'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 1 JANUARY–31 DECEMBER 2022: Record year – the company returns to paying strong dividend 02/16/2023 | 01:03am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields NoHo Partners Plc FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 16 February 2023 at 8.00 EET NOHO PARTNERS PLC’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELEASE 1 JANUARY–31 DECEMBER 2022: Record year – the company returns to paying strong dividend OCTOBER–DECEMBER 2022 IN BRIEF Turnover increased by 26.7% and was MEUR 88.1 (69.5).EBIT increased by 26.3% and was MEUR 8.5 (6.7).EBIT margin was 9.6% (9.6%)The result for the period decreased by 78.3% and was MEUR 0.7 (3.3). The result adjusted by a fair value impairment of MEUR 2.9 due to the market value of Eezy Plc shares  classified as assets held for sale  was MEUR 3.6.Earnings per share decreased by 108.0% and were EUR -0.01 (0.08). Earnings per share adjusted by entries related to Eezy Plc shares was EUR 0.14.Operational EBITDA increased by 17.3% to MEUR 11.5 (9.8). JANUARY–DECEMBER 2022 IN BRIEF Turnover increased by 68.1% and was MEUR 312.8 (186.1).EBIT increased by 3621.5% and was MEUR 31.6 (-0.9).EBIT margin was 10.1% (-0.5%)The result for the period increased by 147.3% and was MEUR 4.9 (-10.3). The result adjusted by a fair value impairment of MEUR 10.4 due to the market value of Eezy Plc shares  classified as assets held for sale  was MEUR 15.2.Earnings per share increased by 113.2% and were EUR 0.07 (-0.55). Earnings per share adjusted by entries related to Eezy Plc shares was EUR 0.56.Operational EBITDA increased by 268.1% to MEUR 41.6 (11.3). Unless otherwise stated  figures in parentheses refer to the corresponding period last year. KEY FIGURES MEUR Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change  % Q1–Q4 2022 Q1–Q4 2021 Change  % Turnover 88.1 69.5 26.7 312.8 186.1 68.1 Operational EBITDA 11.5 9.8 17.3 41.6 11.3 268.1 EBIT 8.5 6.7 26.3 31.6 -0.9 3 621.5 EBIT  % 9.6 9.6 10.1 -0.5 Result of the financial period 0.7 3.3 -78.3 4.9 -10.3 147.3 Earnings per share for the review period attributable to the owners of the company  EUR -0.01 0.08 -108.0 0.07 -0.55 113.2 Earnings per share adjusted by entries related to Eezy Plc shares 0.14 0.56 Interest-bearing net liabilities excluding IFRS 16 impact 121.0 151.9 -20.4 Gearing ratio excluding IFRS 16 impact  % 135.1 203.1 Adjusted equity ratio  % 29.1 24.0 Material margin  % 76.5 75.9 75.3 74.4 Personnel expenses  % 32.9 35.5 33.2 36.0 FUTURE OUTLOOK PROFIT GUIDANCE AS OF 16 FEBRUARY 2023 NoHo Partners estimates that  during the financial year 2023  it will achieve total turnover of over MEUR 350 and EBIT margin of approximately 9% in the restaurant business. FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR THE STRATEGY PERIOD 2022-2024 The company revises its long-term guidance as follows: The Group aims to achieve turnover of approximately MEUR 400 and an EBIT margin of approximately 10% during 2024. In the long-term  the company aims to keep the ratio of net debt to operational EBITDA  adjusted for IFRS 16 lease liability  under 3 and distribute annually increasing dividend. The previous long-term guidance was: The Group aims to achieve turnover of approximately MEUR 400 and an EBIT margin of approximately 10% during 2024. The company aims for the ratio of net debt to operational EBITDA  adjusted for IFRS 16 lease liability  to be under 3 and for dividends to be paid during the strategy period 2022–2024. MARKET ENVIRONMENT The business outlook for the tourism and restaurant sector has improved from recent years to a pre-pandemic level  but the outlook and consumer confidence continue to be weakened by the uncertain geopolitical climate  consumers’ reduced purchasing power and the general rise in costs. The company continues to take active measures to prepare for potentially rapid changes in the market situation by actively monitoring operational efficiency and pricing  using centralised procurement agreements and engaging in regular dialogue with suppliers and other partners. Customer demand is estimated to continue at a good level during 2023. In a normal operating environment in the restaurant business  most of the profits are made during the second half of the year due to the seasonal nature of the business. The demand for restaurant services is usually less susceptible to cyclical fluctuations compared to other service and retail industries. The company’s size and large portfolio protect it from the strongest fluctuations. DIVIDEND NoHo Partners Plc’s distributable assets on 31 December 2022 were EUR 111 470 394.44  of which the share of the financial period’s result is EUR 2 872 271.54. NoHo Partners Plc’s Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting convening on 19 April 2023 that  based on the adopted balance sheet of the financial period ending on 31 December 2022  a dividend of EUR 0.40 (0.00) per share will be paid at the time of dividend payment on shares owned by external shareholders. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid in two (2) instalments  such that the first instalment of EUR 0.20 per share is paid on 24 May 2023 to shareholders who have been recorded in the company’s shareholder list maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by the record date of 11 May 2023. The second instalment of EUR 0.20 per share is paid on 20 October 2023 to shareholders who have been recorded in the company’s shareholder list maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by the record date of 13 October 2023. The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorised to decide  if necessary  a new dividend payment record date and payment date for the second instalment of the dividend payment  if the rules or regulations of the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise require it. At the time of the financial statements on 31 December 2022  there were 20 699 801 externally owned shares. CEO AKU VIKSTRÖM The year 2022 was the best in NoHo Partners’ history when it comes to EBIT. After two challenging pandemic years  we were able to return to the targeted pace of the 2024 strategy and  for the first time  reach an EBIT margin exceeding 10%  the full year EBIT being MEUR 31.6 and EBIT margin 10.1%. The result for the financial period was negatively impacted by a fair value impairment of MEUR 10.4 due to the reduction of Eezy Plc’s market value  recognized as finance costs. Profitability has clearly levelled up as a consequence of structural changes the company has made during the past two years. Our restaurant portfolio is now versatile and profitable  and the related investments are at a healthy level. Another factor that has significantly impacted profitability is the operational excellence that our restaurant managers execute every day in their work. The structural changes together with lower fixed costs and depreciation level ensure a good basis to maintain and increase profitability also in the future. With a normalised working capital situation and a strong cash flow  we have  in the financial year  been able to repay MEUR 26 worth of loans taken during the pandemic. Therefore  the target level has also been reached when it comes to the ratio of net debt to operational EBITDA  net debt at the end of the year being MEUR 121 and under 3x annual operational EBITDA. Good performance and stronger financial position enable investments in growth as well as paying dividend to shareholders. The dividend proposal by the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting is EUR 0.40 per share  which is proposed to be paid in two instalments. The restaurant market has developed positively during the year 2022. New consumers are continuously coming into the market from among the young people as well as the age groups that are going into retirement. The share of consumers eating out as well as the average number of meals enjoyed continued to increase clearly (research on restaurant culture trends 2022). Based on the end of 2022 and the beginning of 2023  the development of the restaurant culture has been positive despite the pressure on the purchasing power. Turnover in January 2023 exceeded our estimates and increased by 23% compared to the corresponding pre-pandemic period in 2020. Restaurant demand has remained at a good level  especially on the weekends. When it comes to raw materials  we have successfully tackled inflation with timely actions. Material margin has increased from 74.3% to 75.3% compared to 2019. We continue progressing in the profitable growth strategy. We give guidance on over MEUR 350 in turnover and approximately 9% in EBIT margin in 2023. In addition  our target is to keep our ratio of net debt to operational EBITDA under three and return to paying increasing dividend. IMPLEMENTATION OF THE STRATEGYThe Group aims to achieve turnover of approximately MEUR 400 and an EBIT margin of approximately 10% during 2024. In the long-term  the company aims to keep the ratio of net debt to operational EBITDA  adjusted for IFRS 16 lease liability  under 3 and distribute annually increasing dividend. NoHo Partners’ growth strategy focuses on the following three key areas: Profitable growth in the Norwegian restaurant market through acquisitions (50 million growth target)Scaling up the Friends & Brgrs chain in Finland (30 million growth target)Large and profitable urban projects (30 million growth target) During 2022  the company continued developing its restaurant portfolio and implementing its growth strategy through acquisitions in Finland and Norway. In Norway  as normal conditions recovered after the pandemic years  the company had to focus on managing the performance of the portfolio  causing delay in progressing the growth strategy. The company continued scaling up the fast food business with restaurants in the Friends & Brgrs and Hook chains. During the reporting period  a total of 8 new restaurants were opened and during 2023  the intention is to further accelerate this scaling up. The MEUR 30 strategic target for large urban projects was reached as the strategic partnership agreement with Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre was signed in early 2023. As one of the largest restaurant complexes in Finland  with its versatility Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre compares with Nokia Arena in Tampere  Finland  and the Kulttuurikasarmi cultural centre with its four restaurants  which is planned in central Helsinki at the end of 2023. TURNOVER AND INCOME In October–December 2022  the Group’s turnover increased by 26.7% to MEUR 88.1 (69.5). Compared to the corresponding period in 2019 prior to the Covid-19 pandemic  the increase was of 17.2%. Operational EBITDA increased 17.3% to MEUR 11.5 (9.8). EBIT was MEUR 8.5 (6.7) with an EBIT margin of 9.6% (9.6). The result for October–December was MEUR 0.7 (3.3)  which was negatively affected by a fair value impairment of MEUR 2.9 recognised in financial items due to the market value of Eezy Plc shares  classified as held for sale  falling below the book value. In January–December 2022  the Group’s turnover increased by 68.1% to MEUR 312.8 (186.1). Despite the restricted business environment due to the Covid-19 pandemic in the first months of 2022  turnover increased by 14.6%  compared to the corresponding period in 2019. Operational EBITDA increased by 268.1% compared to the corresponding period in the previous year and was MEUR 41.6 (11.3). EBIT was MEUR 31.6 (-0.9) with an EBIT margin of 10.1 (-0.5). The result for the review period was MEUR 4.9 (-10.3)  which was negatively affected by a fair value impairment of MEUR 10.4 recognised in financial items due to the market value of Eezy Plc shares  classified as held for sale  falling below the book value. The company was able to balance the effects of inflation on its business through centralised purchasing agreements and price increases  and the general rise in prices did not significantly affect the material margin. In spite of the labour shortages in the industry  the company also performed well in recruitment and resource allocation  and the growth in turnover as well as operational efficiency has kept personnel expenses at a competitive level. BUSINESS SEGMENTS As of 1 January 2022  NoHo Partners' business consists of two business segments  which are reported separately: Finnish operationsInternational business The business segments are further divided into business areas for which turnover is reported. The Finnish operations include three business areas: restaurants  entertainment venues and fast food restaurants. The international business includes two business areas: Norway and Denmark. FINNISH OPERATIONS MEUR Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Q1–Q4 2022 Q1–Q4 2021 Turnover 71.4 56.2 251.2 158.1 Operational EBITDA 10.6 7.1 34.8 9.3 EBIT 8.4 5.2 28.3 1.0 EBIT  % 11.8 9.2 11.3 0.6 Material margin  % 76.9 76.9 75.3 74.6 Personnel expenses  % 32.5 35.0 32.8 34.7 In October–December 2022  the turnover of Finnish operations increased by 26.9% to MEUR 71.4 (56.2) compared to the previous year and by 18.9% compared to the corresponding period in 2019. Operational EBITDA was MEUR 10.6 (7.1). EBIT in October–December was MEUR 8.4 (5.2) with an 11.8% (9.2) EBIT margin. In January–December 2022  the turnover of Finnish operations increased by 59.0% to MEUR 251.2 (158.1) compared to the previous year. Compared to the corresponding period in 2019 turnover increased by 9.5%. In Finland  Covid-19 pandemic-related restrictions were lifted in March 2022. Operational EBITDA was MEUR 34.8 (9.3). EBIT was MEUR 28.3 (1.0) with a 11.3% (0.6) EBIT margin. INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MEUR Q42022 Q42021 Q1–Q4 2022 Q1–Q4 2021 Turnover 16.7 13.3 61.6 28.0 Operational EBITDA 0.9 2.7 6.8 2.0 EBIT 0.1 1.5 3.4 -1.9 EBIT  % 0.7 11.5 5.5 -6.6 Material margin  % 74.7 72.0 75.3 73.4 Personnel expenses  % 34.4 37.7 35.1 43.7 In October–December 2022  turnover in the international business increased by 25.8% from the previous year to MEUR 16.7 (13.3) and by 10.6% compared to the corresponding period in 2019. Operational EBITDA was MEUR 0.9 (2.7). EBIT was MEUR 0.1 (1.5) with a 0.7% (11.5) EBIT margin  which includes MEUR 0.8 costs related to the closure and write-off of three unprofitable units in Norway. EBIT for the comparable period was improved by Covid-19 pandemic-related government grants that were confirmed in the last quarter of 2021. In January–December 2022  turnover in the international business increased by 119.8% from the previous year to MEUR 61.6 (28.0) and by 42.0% compared to the corresponding period in 2019. In Norway and Denmark  the restrictions related to the Covid-19 pandemic were lifted in February 2022. Operational EBITDA was MEUR 6.8 (2.0). EBIT was MEUR 3.4 EBIT (-1.9) with a 5.5% (-6.6) EBIT margin. TURNOVER BY BUSINESS AREA In accordance with the reorganisation measures announced on 9 June 2022  the company now uses the term “fast food business” for the business that was previously referred to as the “fast casual” business. The allocation of units to the business area has been adjusted in accordance with the new structure  and this has also been taken into account in the comparison figures. FINNISH OPERATIONS Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Q1–Q4 2022 Q1–Q4 2021 Restaurants Turnover  MEUR 33.4 27.2 112.2 72.7 Share of total turnover  % 38.0 39.1 35.9 39.1 Change in turnover  % 22.8 - 54.4 - Units at the end of period  number 93 96 93 96 Entertainment venues Turnover  MEUR 26.4 19.6 97.2 50.6 Share of total turnover  % 29.9 28.2 31.1 27.2 Change in turnover  % 34.5 - 91.9 - Units at the end of period  number 71 72 71 72 Fast food -restaurants Turnover  MEUR 11.6 9.4 41.9 34.8 Share of total turnover  % 13.1 13.6 13.4 18.7 Change in turnover  % 22.8 - 20.6 - Units at the end of period  number 52 45 52 45 Total  MEUR 71.4 56.2 251.2 158.1INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Q1–Q4 2022 Q1–Q4 2021 Norway Turnover  MEUR 10.7 8.8 39.7 16.8 Share of total turnover  % 12.2 12.6 12.7 9.0 Change in turnover  % 22.1 - 136.1 - Units at the end of period  number 21 21 21 21 Denmark Turnover  MEUR 6.0 4.5 21.9 11.2 Share of total turnover  % 6.8 6.5 7.0 6.0 Change in turnover  % 33.0 - 95.3 - Units at the end of period  number 19 19 19 19 Total  MEUR 16.7 13.3 61.6 28.0 CASH FLOW  INVESTMENTS AND FINANCING The Group’s operating net cash flow in January–December was MEUR 70.5 (45.0). Cash flow before change in working capital was MEUR 80.3 and changes in working capital MEUR 4.3. Both receivables and payables included in the working capital have increased along with turnover  but the total change in working capital during the review period is not material. The investment net cash flow in January–December was MEUR -16.4 (-4.7) The investments in January-December in Finland included  for example  the opening of six new Friends & Brgrs restaurants and Café Savoy  the acquisition of the restaurant Sea Horse and the business acquisition of restaurant Origo and Fat Lizard. In Norway the Group acquired businesses of Postkontoret and Laboratoriet Skøyen. The investment net cash flow includes also MEUR 4.2 of positive cash flow from the sale of Eezy Plc’s shares  which were classified as held for sale. Financial net cash flow amounted to MEUR -55.4 (-37.1)  including MEUR 21.5 in amortisation of financial institution loans. Financial cash flow also includes the repayment of a loan of MEUR 1.8 related to the Tesi arrangement. The Group’s interest-bearing net liabilities excluding the impact of IFRS 16 liabilities decreased during January–December by MEUR 30.9 and amounted to MEUR 121.0 at the end of the review period. The decrease was attributable to the strong profit performance and the Tesi convertible loan arrangement carried out in May  which reduced net debt by over MEUR 10. The Group’s gearing ratio excluding the impact of IFRS 16 liabilities decreased from 203.1% at the beginning of the financial period to 135.1%. Adjusted net finance costs in January–December were MEUR 23.2 (12.5)  which included expense of MEUR 10.4 due to decrease of the market value of Eezy Plc shares classified as assets held for sale. IFRS 16 interest expenses in January-December were MEUR 7.4 (5.9). EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD NoHo Partners selected as the main supplier for restaurant services by Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre On 18 January 2023  NoHo Partners announced that company NoHo Partners has been selected as the main supplier for restaurant services by Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre (brand name Messukeskus) as of 1 July 2023. Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre is the largest venue for exhibitions  meetings and congresses in Finland  hosting national and international events for about a million visitors annually. The annual revenue from the restaurant services at the convention centre is approximately EUR 15 million. In January 2023  Group turnover increased to approximately MEUR 22.7 NoHo Partners’ turnover in January 2023 was approximately MEUR 22.7 (6.8) and increased by 236% compared to the same period in the previous year. In January 2022  the Group operated in a strictly restricted or closed business environment in all of its operating countries due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Turnover increased by 23% compared to the corresponding pre-pandemic period in 2020. As of 16 February 2023  NoHo Partners will publish in the interim reports the Group turnover for the first month of the commencing quarter. The target is to provide better service to investors through timely and transparent investor communications. FINANCIAL REPORTING AND ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 NoHo Partners Plc publishes financial reports for 2023 as follows: Interim report for January-March on Tuesday 9 May 2023Half-year report for January-June on Tuesday 8 August 2023Interim report for January-September on Tuesday 7 November 2023 NoHo Partners Plc's Annual General Meeting is planned to be held on 19 April 2023. BRIEFING FOR THE MEDIA  ANALYSTS AND INVESTORS AT 10:00 A.M. A briefing for the media  analysts and investors will be organised today  16 February 2023. In the briefing  NoHo Partners CEO Aku Vikström will review NoHo Partners Plc's financial performance  key events  the current state of business and the outlook. The briefing is available as a live webcast. The briefing will be held in Finnish. The presentation materials and a recording of the briefing will be available on the company’s website later today. NoHo Partners’ full Financial Statements Release for January–December 2022 is attached to this release and available at www.noho.fi/en. Tampere  16 February 2023 NOHO PARTNERS PLCBoard of Directors For more information  please contact: Aku Vikström  CEO  tel. +358 44 235 7817Jarno Suominen  Deputy CEO  tel. +358 40 721 5655Jarno Vilponen  CFO  tel. +358 40 721 9376 NoHo Partners PlcHatanpään valtatie 1 BFI-33100 Tampere  Finland NoHo Partners Plc is a Finnish group established in 1996  specialising in restaurant services. The company  which was listed on Nasdaq Helsinki in 2013 and became the first Finnish listed restaurant company  has continued to grow strongly throughout its history. The Group companies include some 250 restaurants in Finland  Denmark and Norway. The well-known restaurant concepts of the company include Elite  Savoy  Teatteri  Sea Horse  Stefan’s Steakhouse  Palace  Löyly  Hanko Sushi  Friends & Brgrs  Campingen and Cock’s & Cows. Depending on the season  the Group employs approximately 2 300 people converted into full-time employees. The Group aims to achieve turnover of EUR 400 million by the end of 2024. The company’s vision is to be the leading restaurant company in Northern Europe. Attachment 20230216_EN_Q1-Q4 2022_vA9itr2mEGAll news about NOHO PARTNERS OYJ 02/16 Noho Partners Plc's Financial Statem : Record year – the company returns to paying s.. GL 02/16 Noho Partners Plc's Financial Statem : Record year – the company returns to paying s.. AQ 02/16 NoHo Partners Oyj Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI 02/16 NoHo Partners Oyj Reports Earnings Results for the Fourth Quarter Ended December 31  20.. CI 02/03 NoHo Partners Plc's Q1-Q4 2022 Financial Statements Release briefing on 16 February 202.. GL 02/03 NoHo Partners Plc's Q1-Q4 2022 Financial Statements Release briefing on 16 February 202.. AQ 01/18 Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre chose NoHo Partners as its new strategic partner to.. AQ 01/18 NoHo Partners selected as the main supplier for restaurant services by Helsinki Expo an.. GL 01/18 NoHo Partners selected as the main supplier for restaurant services by Helsinki Expo an.. AQ 01/18 Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre Selects Noho Partners as Main Supplier for Restaura.. CI,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.85,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['NOHO PARTNERS PLC', 'FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'Record year', 'strong dividend', '1 JANUARY', 'DECEMBER', 'company', 'NoHo Partners Plc FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', '8.00 EET NOHO PARTNERS PLC', '36.0 FUTURE OUTLOOK PROFIT GUIDANCE', 'DIVIDEND NoHo Partners Plc', 'strong dividend OCTOBER–DECEMBER', 'Eezy Plc shares', 'multiple email addresses', 'uncertain geopolitical climate', 'centralised procurement agreements', 'fair value impairment', 'normal operating environment', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Interest-bearing net liabilities', 'IFRS 16 lease liability', 'previous long-term guidance', 'other partners', 'increasing dividend', 'business outlook', 'market value', 'MARKET ENVIRONMENT', 'general rise', 'FINANCIAL TARGETS', 'net debt', 'financial period', 'financial year', 'Operational EBITDA', 'Material margin', 'Personnel expenses', 'restaurant sector', 'recent years', 'pre-pandemic level', 'consumer confidence', 'purchasing power', 'active measures', 'rapid changes', 'market situation', 'operational efficiency', 'regular dialogue', 'good level', 'second half', 'seasonal nature', 'restaurant services', 'cyclical fluctuations', 'other service', 'retail industries', 'large portfolio', 'strongest fluctuations', 'balance sheet', 'external shareholders', 'two (2) instalment', 'corresponding period', 'review period', 'STRATEGY PERIOD', 'Record year', 'restaurant business', 'EBIT margin', 'First name', 'BRIEF Turnover', 'Gearing ratio', 'equity ratio', 'total turnover', 'Customer demand', 'distributable assets', 'JANUARY–DECEMBER', 'The Group', 'The Board', 'FIGURES MEUR', '31 December', '1 JANUARY', 'company', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'February', 'result', 'sale', 'Earnings', 'entries', 'parentheses', 'owners', 'impact', 'dividends', 'tourism', 'costs', 'pricing', 'suppliers', 'profits', 'size', 'Directors', '19 April', 'time', 'payment', '4.0', '2024']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18590,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAALERI-OYJ-13057205/news/Taaleri-Oyj-Financial-Statements-Bulletin-Q4-2022-43001131/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Taaleri Oyj : Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022,(marketscreener.com)    A good last quarter for Taaleri supported by EUR 12.4 million in performance fees  but investment operations weighed on income and operating profit      October-December 2022    Continuing earnings grew by 2.1% to EUR 11.7…,Taaleri Oyj : Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 02/16/2023 | 01:09am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields A good last quarter for Taaleri supported by EUR 12.4 million in performance fees  but investment operations weighed on income and operating profit October-December 2022 Continuing earnings grew by 2.1% to EUR 11.7 (11.4) million. The Private Asset Management segment's continuing earnings grew by 3.9% to EUR 5.7 (5.4) million and the Strategic Investments segment's continuing earnings by 2.4% to EUR 5.7 (5.5) million.Performance fees were EUR 12.4 (10.6) million  and net income from investment operations was EUR -6.7 (7.4) million.-6.7 (7.4) million. Income decreased to EUR 17.3 (29.4) million as a result of negative net income from investment operations.Operating profit was EUR 7.1 (14.7) million  corresponding to 41.0% of income.The assets under management in the Private Asset Management segment grew by 12.9% to EUR 2.5 (31 December 2021: 2.2) billion.Earnings per share were EUR 0.25 (0.42). January-December 2022 Continuing earnings grew by 0.8% to EUR 41.0 (40.7) million. The Private Asset Management segment's continuing earnings grew by 2.8% to EUR 20.7 (20.1) million  and the Strategic Investments segment's continuing earnings grew by 2.2% to EUR 18.0 (17.6) million.Performance fees were EUR 19.4 (11.4) million  and net income from investment operations was EUR 2.8 (17.6) million.Income decreased by 9.3% and was EUR 63.2 (69.7) million.Operating profit was EUR 27.3 (30.8) million  corresponding to 43.2% of income.Earnings per share were EUR 0.73 (4.81).The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 0.70 per share for 2022. This Financial Statements Bulletin has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34. The Financial Statements Bulletin is based on the audited Financial Statements of 2022. The auditor's report has been issued on 16 February 2023. Unless otherwise stated  the figures in parentheses in the Financial Statements Bulletin refer to the corresponding period of the previous year. See page 23 for further information of the accounting policies of this Financial Statements Bulletin. Group key figures 10-12/202210-12/2021 Change  % 1-12/2022 1-12/2021 Change  % Earnings key figures 11.7 11.4 2.1 41.0 40.7 0.8 Continuing earnings  MEUR Income  MEUR 17.3 29.4 -41.2 63.2 69.7 -9.3 Operating profit  MEUR 7.1 14.7 -51.7 27.3 30.8 -11.3 Operating profit  % 41.0 49.9 43.2 44.2 Profit for the period in consolidated income 7.1 12.1 -41.2 21.3 136.1 -84.3 statement  MEUR Return on equity*  % 14.3 21.5 9.9 75.0 Balance sheet key figures Equity ratio  % 67.4 72.1 67.4 72.1 Other key figures Cost/income ratio excluding investment 43.6 68.0 60.9 77.9 operations 60.5 51.0 58.2 58.3 Cost/income ratio Full-time permanent personnel  106 104 1.9 106 104 1.9 at the end of the period Assets under management in Private Asset 2.5 2.2 12.9 2.5 2.2 12.9 Management segment  BEUR 1.9 1.7 9.8 1.9 1.7 9.8 Guaranty insurance portfolio  BEUR * Annualised (Q4 2021: 16.3) (Q4 2021: 29.4) (Q4 2021: 49.9) (31.12.2021: 2.2) Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 2 We can be pleased with the progress of our strategy in 2022. Although the general market conditions have been challenging due to both the war in Ukraine  the rise in inflation and interest rates  and the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic  our strategy has worked well also in the current situation. Our private equity funds focusing on sustainability respond to many current challenges  such as mitigating climate change and strengthening self-sufficiency. This also supports new openings  such as expanding our business to energy storage systems. The Group's income for the period was EUR 63.2 million and the operating profit margin was 43%. Both continuing earnings and performance fees increased  but unrealized changes in fair value of EUR -10.1 million in the Strategic Investments segment weighed on the Group's income and operating profit. The decrease in fair values is due to  among other things  the rise in interest rates and changes in risk premiums  which have affected the valuations of Garantia's investment portfolio. During the last quarter of the year  our continuing earnings developed satisfactorily  and performance fees booked grew to more than EUR 12 million. The Group's investment operations weighed on income and operating profit. Operating profit from the Private Asset Management segment grew in the last quarter by 68% to EUR 12.3 million due to  among other things  performance fees. The renewable energy business announced its sixth fund  Taaleri SolarWind III. Its fundraising is ongoing  and the first closing is anticipated in the first half of 2023. The fund will be based on a project development portfolio of 25-35 projects  which already included 20 projects at the end of the financial year. With the new fund  we aim to double the size of Taaleri SolarWind II  which is approximately EUR 350 million. I am particularly proud to say that we are the largest wind power producer in Finland with a market share of 12% (Finnish Wind Power Association's wind power statistics 2022). This reflects both our long history as a developer of domestic wind power and the know-how and capability of our current team. In the real estate business  investment operations proceeded as planned despite the general slowdown in the real estate investment market. The business made one acquisition for Aktia's special mutual fund in our portfolio management. Taaleri Bioindustry I  the first fund of the bioindustry business launched a year ago  made its first two investments. The investees are Colombier  a company producing ecological packaging  and Nordtreat  a company producing bio-based flame retardants. In the last quarter of the year  the ramp-up of Taaleri's associated company Fintoil's tall oil refinery was also successfully completed. In the Strategic Investments segment  Garantia achieved its best ever profitability in its insurance operations in the fourth quarter. The combined ratio was 23.9% in the quarter and 28.4% in the full year. However  Garantia's investment performance was weak due to the historically high interest rate movement. I would like to thank our personnel once more for 2022. Skilled and knowledgeable Taaleri employees are the foundation of our success. One of our most important successes in 2022 was the definition of Taaleri's new values - With know-how  skills and will  Dare to succeed and Support each other - in a process that engaged all Taaleri employees. In addition  we invested in management and the development of supervisory work. I am pleased that the personnel surveys clearly show that wellbeing at work has improved further. In addition  our eNPS score measuring employee loyalty has risen to an excellent 60.8  which is high for the sector. Finally  I would like to thank all our shareholders and welcome the new shareholders to our impactful journey. At the end of the year  the number of shareholders rose to over 10 000  having grown by almost 70% since the 2021 strategy reform. Taaleri wants to be a pioneer in alternative investments focusing on sustainability  and our mission is to use capital and our expertise to build a better future. We believe that together  we will have an even better chance of achieving our goals this year. Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 3 The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.70 per share  a total of EUR 19 813 934.00 will be paid for the financial year 2022. The dividend proposal is to distribute EUR 0.45 as a dividend based on the profit for the period of continuing operations  and EUR 0.25 as a dividend based on the sale of the wealth management operations. The parent company's distributable funds were EUR 139 396 913.81  which includes EUR 14 892 445.81 in net profit for the financial year. The dividend is to be paid in one instalment. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the list of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date  which is 17 April 2023. The dividend payment date proposed by the Board of Directors is 24 April 2023. The Board of Directors' report and financial statements for 2022 will be available at www.taaleri.com on 23 March 2023 at the latest. Taaleri does not publish a short-term outlook. However  the company has set itself targets related to growth  profitability and return on invested capital. Taaleri's long-term targets include: Continuing earnings growth at least 15 per centOperating profit at least 25 per cent of incomeReturn on equity at least 15 per cent. The company's goal is to distribute to its shareholders at least 50 per cent of the profit for the financial year as well as the capital that the company does not need for growth investments or to fulfil its targets for solvency. Development of the global economy and of the capital markets is still surrounded by a high degree of uncertainty. The higher prices of energy and consumables caused by the war in Ukraine and by the COVID-19 pandemic have accelerated inflation with extraordinary force. This has prompted central banks to tighten monetary policy considerably  which has increased the likelihood of a recession. Although the operating environment of the capital market has become more challenging  the growth of alternative investments has continued. A possible recession can  however  affect the willingness of some customer groups to invest in long-term  illiquid products. The demand for alternative investments is strengthened by the opportunity they offer to diversify risks and smooth out returns. In addition  more private capital will be needed in the future to achieve the targets for global emission reduction  energy self-sufficiency and circular economy. The EU's Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation is also guiding both investors and financial actors towards sustainable investments. Taaleri has no business or investments in Russia or in Ukraine  and the changed geopolitical situation has not had any direct impact on our business. Europe's desire to break away from Russian energy sources and to increase its self-sufficiency will strengthen the operating environment for renewable energy and bioindustry  in particular. More private capital will be needed in the future to achieve the global emission reduction  energy self-sufficiency and circular economy targets In the renewable energy business  the war in Ukraine  higher interest rates and accelerating inflation have all increased the costs of project development and project construction  while the higher energy prices yield more revenue from wind and solar farms. In October  the Council of Europe adopted a regulation on emergency measures in response to the energy crisis and the exceptional rise in energy prices. The regulation  which includes a cap on market revenues and a solidarity levy  has been applied in different ways in different countries. According to Taaleri's assessment  the impacts of the Finnish model are not significant for Taaleri's business. In the real estate business  the rise in interest rates has caused uncertainty in the market. Transaction activity slowed down significantly in the second half of the year  and there was a clear slowdown in new start-ups in housing construction. The rise in interest rates has caused the yield requirements to rise  and thus the values to fall  especially in the real estate segments of Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 4 the lowest yield claims and in real estate properties. However  occupancy rates remained good in both the housing and commercial premises markets. The long-term fundamentals supporting real estate investments  such as urbanization  are still seen as strong in the Finnish real estate market  and new capital is expected to continue to flow into real estate investments in the near future. The nature of the real estate market is characterized by the cyclical nature of the sector. For long-term investors  the opportunities offered by the current economic situation can offer better returns in relation to the average return over the cycle. Bioindustry is a new  high-growth market that offers impressive and innovative solutions for many of the sustainability problems of our time. The outlook of the bioindustry business remained good. The war in Ukraine may affect the timetables and costs of potential target companies and of the near-future projects of investments  owing to developments such as the poor availability of some raw materials  availability of financing and energy prices. Sustainability  impact and self-sufficiency will continue to be at the heart of the bioindustry operating environment. In the European operating environment of Taaleri's associated company Fintoil's biorefinery in Hamina  the prices of raw materials levelled off at the end of the year and the upward pressure on prices seems to have subsided. The operating environment and market prospects of Garantia Insurance Company Ltd's insurance business were negatively impacted compared to the strong previous year. Uncertainty caused by the war in Ukraine  accelerated inflation and sharply rising market interest rates weakened consumer confidence and dampened the housing market  which at the end of the year began to be reflected in a decrease in the demand for mortgage guarantees. The number of housing transactions and the demand for mortgages may remain lower than during the pandemic years for a longer time. However  the creditworthiness of the company's consumer and corporate customers remained good  and no material changes occurred in the risk position of the guaranty insurance portfolio. The investment market was difficult during the year  the stock market fell globally and  due to a steep rise in market rates of interest and the widening of risk premiums  the changes in the fair values of fixed-income investments were negative. Group  EUR million 10-12/202210-12/2021 Change  % 1-12/20221-12/2021 Change  % Continuing earnings 11.7 11.4 2.1% 41.0 40.7 0.8% Private Asset Management 5.7 5.4 3.9% 20.7 20.1 2.8% Strategic Investments 5.7 5.5 2.4% 18.0 17.6 2.2% Other 0.4 0.5 -23.9% 2.4 3.0 -20.1% Income 17.3 29.4 -41.2% 63.2 69.7 -9.3% Private Asset Management 18.9 16.2 16.3% 42.6 31.0 37.1% Strategic Investments 2.9 9.4 -69.2% 8.1 30.3 -73.4% Other -4.5 3.8 n/a 12.6 8.4 50.4% Operating profit 7.1 14.7 -51.7% 27.3 30.8 -11.3% Private Asset Management 12.3 7.3 67.8% 18.6 7.5 >100.0% Strategic Investments 1.6 7.3 -78.3% 3.2 24.4 -87.0% Other -6.8 -0.0 >-100.0% 5.5 -1.0 n/a The Group's share of the result of associated companies is taken into account in the segment income. In addition  transit items that have no effect on the result for the financial year have been eliminated from segment income. Segment information and the reconciliation statement to the IFRS income statement are presented on pages 33-34. October-December 2022 The Group's continuing earnings grew by 2.1% to EUR 11.7 (11.4) million in the review period. The Private Asset Management segment's continuing earnings grew by 3.9% and the Strategic Investments segment's continuing earnings by 2.4%. A total of EUR 12.4 million in performance fees was recognized  of which EUR 10.3 million was recognized in the renewable energy business. The Group's net income from investment operations was EUR -6.7 (7.4) million  of which EUR -2.8 (3.9) million was generated in the Strategic Investments segment and EUR -4.8 (3.3) million in the Other group. Taaleri recognized in the profit and loss EUR -3.8 million in impairment losses on non-strategic investments and EUR -1.7 million in changes in exchange rates. The Group's operating expenses decreased by 30.6% to EUR 10.2 (14.7) million  of which personnel costs were EUR 3.8 (7.1) million and fee and commission expenses were EUR 3.0 (4.0) million. Personnel expenses in the comparison period include EUR 1.8 million in severance payments to the previous CEO. A total of EUR 1.2 million in fee and commission expenses was recognized for performance fees in the review period. Other operating expenses decreased by 4.7% from the comparison period. The Group's operating profit excluding net income from investment operations was EUR 13.8 (7.3) million  Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 5 This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Taaleri Oyj published this content on 16 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 16 February 2023 06:08:09 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about TAALERI OYJ 02/16 Transcript : Taaleri Oyj  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 16  2023 CI 02/16 Taaleri Oyj : Financial Statements Bulletin Q4 2022 PU 02/16 Taaleri Oyj : Financial Statements Bulletin presentation Q4 2022 PU 02/16 Taaleri Plc Financial Statements Bul : A good last quarter for Taaleri supported by EUR 12.. AQ 02/16 Taaleri Oyj Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI 02/16 Taaleri Oyj Reports Earnings Results for the Fourth Quarter Ended December 31  2022 CI 02/13 The proposal of Taaleri's Shareholders' Nomination Board for the composition and remune.. AQ 02/13 Taaleri Oyj Announces Composition of Shareholders Nomination Board CI 02/08 Finland's largest wind power producer Taaleri expands its business to energy storage sy.. AQ 02/08 Taaleri Oyj Expands Its Business to Energy Storage Systems CI,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.09,0.48,True,English,"['Financial Statements Bulletin', 'Taaleri Oyj', 'Balance sheet key figures Equity ratio', 'Other key figures Cost/income ratio', 'The Private Asset Management segment', 'The Financial Statements Bulletin', 'private equity funds', 'Group key figures', 'Earnings key figures', 'Strategic Investments segment', 'multiple email addresses', 'Full-time permanent personnel', 'general market conditions', 'energy storage systems', 'Guaranty insurance portfolio', 'project development portfolio', 'many current challenges', 'Taaleri SolarWind III', 'renewable energy business', 'good last quarter', 'operating profit margin', 'negative net income', '12.9 Management segment', 'The Board', 'The Group', 'other things', 'financial year', 'investment portfolio', 'current situation', 'Taaleri Oyj', 'performance fees', 'accounting policies', 'interest rates', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'new openings', 'fair value', 'risk premiums', 'first closing', 'first half', 'Continuing earnings', 'investment operations', 'previous year', 'sixth fund', 'new fund', 'First name', 'MEUR Return', 'unrealized changes', '25-35 projects', 'consolidated income', 'climate change', 'corresponding period', 'MEUR Income', '20 projects', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'December', 'result', 'assets', 'share', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'IAS', 'auditor', 'report', '16 February', 'parentheses', 'page', 'information', '84.3 statement', 'end', 'BEUR', 'progress', 'strategy', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'rise', 'inflation', 'effects', 'sustainability', 'self-sufficiency', 'decrease', 'Garantia', 'fundraising', 'size', '3.', '0.', '2022']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18591,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/citycon-boards-asset-distribution-proposal-to-the-annual-general-meeting-301749285.html,Citycon Board's asset distribution proposal to the Annual General Meeting,HELSINKI  Finland  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2023 at 20:30 hrs The Board of Directors of Citycon Oyj has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 March 2023 asset distribution as foll…,HELSINKI  Finland  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2023 at 20:30 hrsThe Board of Directors of Citycon Oyj has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 March 2023 asset distribution as follows.The Board of Directors proposes that based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial period ended on 31 December 2022  no dividend is distributed by a resolution of the Annual General Meeting. Nonetheless  the Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide in its discretion on the distribution of assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund in the manner set forth below.Based on this authorization  the maximum total amount of equity repayment distributed from the invested unrestricted equity fund shall not exceed EUR 0.50 per share. Based on the current total number of issued shares in the company  the authorization would equal to a maximum of EUR 84 004 470 in equity repayment.The authorization is valid until the opening of the next Annual General Meeting.Unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise for a justified reason  the authorization will be used to distribute equity repayment four times during the period of validity of the authorization. In this case  the Board of Directors will make separate resolutions on each distribution of the equity repayment so that the preliminary record and payment dates will be as stated below. Citycon shall make separate announcements of such Board resolutions.Preliminary payment date Preliminary record date 31 March 2023 24 March 2023 30 June 2023 23 June 2023 29 September 2023 22 September 2023 29 December 2023 20 December 2023The equity repayment based on the resolution of the Board of Directors will be paid to a shareholder registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend and/or equity repayment.Citycon publishes the notice to the Annual General Meeting as a stock exchange release and on the company's website separately.CITYCON OYJFor further information  please contact:Sakari JärveläVice President  Corporate Finance and Investor RelationsTel. +358 50 387 8180[email protected]Citycon is a leading owner  manager and developer of mixed-use real estate featuring modern  necessity-based retail with residential  office and municipal service spaces that enhance the communities in which they operate. Citycon is committed to sustainable property management in the Nordic region with assets that total approximately EUR 4.3 billion. Our centres are located in urban hubs in the heart of vibrant communities with direct connections to public transport and anchored by grocery  healthcare and other services that cater to the everyday needs of customers.Citycon has investment-grade credit ratings from Moody's (Baa3) and Standard & Poor's (BBB-). Citycon's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.www.citycon.comSOURCE Citycon Oyj,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['asset distribution proposal', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Citycon Board', 'Sakari Järvelä Vice President', 'CITYCON OYJ Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'current total number', 'mixed-use real estate', 'modern, necessity-based retail', 'municipal service spaces', 'sustainable property management', 'investment-grade credit ratings', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'maximum total amount', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Preliminary payment date', 'SOURCE Citycon Oyj', 'Preliminary record date', 'payment dates', 'equity repayment', 'balance sheet', 'justified reason', 'separate resolutions', 'separate announcements', ""shareholders' register"", 'Corporate Finance', 'Investor Relations', 'residential, office', 'Nordic region', 'urban hubs', 'direct connections', 'public transport', 'other services', 'everyday needs', 'Standard & Poor', 'financial period', 'vibrant communities', 'asset distribution', 'Board resolutions', 'Feb.', 'February', 'Directors', '21 March 2023', '31 December', 'discretion', 'assets', 'manner', 'authorization', 'shares', 'company', 'opening', 'validity', 'case', '24 March', '30 June', '29 September', '20 December', 'notice', 'website', 'information', 'Tel.', 'manager', 'developer', 'centres', 'heart', 'grocery', 'healthcare', 'customers', 'Moody', 'Baa', '20:30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,prnewswire.com
18595,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@EuroclearGroup @sudipchatterjee Euroclear thieves  they have robbed millions of private citizens. This is a dishonorable company!!!,nan,@EuroclearGroup @sudipchatterjee Euroclear thieves  they have robbed millions of private citizens. This is a dishonorable company!!!,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Euroclear thieves', 'private citizens', 'dishonorable company', 'EuroclearGroup', 'millions', 'Euroclear thieves', 'private citizens', 'dishonorable company', 'EuroclearGroup', 'millions']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,Unknown
18596,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@EuroclearGroup Euroclear thieves  they have robbed millions of private citizens. This is a dishonorable company!!!,nan,@EuroclearGroup Euroclear thieves  they have robbed millions of private citizens. This is a dishonorable company!!!,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['private citizens', 'dishonorable company', 'millions', 'private citizens', 'dishonorable company', 'millions']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,Unknown
18598,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-European-exchanges-collaborate-for-the-provision-of-a-consolidated-tape-in-the-Euro-43002146/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Deutsche Börse : European exchanges collaborate for the provision of a consolidated tape in the European Union,(marketscreener.com)  Release date: 16 Feb 2023| Deutsche Börse   European exchanges collaborate for the provision of a consolidated tape in the European Union        Today  fourteen European exchange groups  present in twenty-six¹ Member States o…,Release date: 16 Feb 2023 | Deutsche BörseToday  fourteen European exchange groups  present in twenty-six¹ Member States of the EU  announced a joint initiative to participate in the future selection process for the provision of a consolidated tape (CT) for equities in the European Union. The project responds to the European Commission's proposal for an equities tape to contribute to the development of the Capital Markets Union.The participating exchanges - cornerstones of financial markets across Europe with decades of experience in operating critical market infrastructure - have signed a term sheet to establish a joint venture that will evaluate and prepare an application as a CT provider in a future selection process. The participants are recognised specialists in supplying reliable and high-quality market data and are well-positioned to deliver a CT quickly  efficiently  and to the highest operational standards.The project will focus on providing a tape designed to provide a comprehensive  standardised and consistent source of market data and will seek to collaborate with regulators to develop the optimal solution for investors.Through this joint venture  the participating exchanges  as key players in the EU's capital markets ecosystem  are reiterating their commitment to fostering the EU's open strategic autonomy.¹ All EU member states except SlovakiaForward-Looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to the formation of a joint venture by the participating exchanges and the potential benefits of the joint venture. We caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties or other factors beyond the control of the joint venture participants. These factors include  but are not limited to factors detailed in a joint venture participant's annual report on Form 10-K and periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  if any. The joint venture participants undertake no obligation to release any revisions to any forward-looking statements.Notes to editorsJoint Venture participants:Athens Stock ExchangeBucharest Stock ExchangeBudapest Stock ExchangeBulgarian Stock ExchangeCyprus Stock ExchangeDeutsche Börse GroupEuronext  incorporating:Borsa ItalianaEuronext AmsterdamEuronext BrusselsEuronext DublinEuronext LisbonEuronext ParisOslo BørsLuxembourg Stock ExchangeMalta Stock ExchangeNasdaq  incorporating:Nasdaq StockholmNasdaq CopenhagenNasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq IcelandNasdaq RigaNasdaq TallinnNasdaq VilniusSIX Group  incorporating:BME ExchangeWarsaw Stock ExchangeWiener Börse  incorporating:Prague Stock ExchangeVienna Stock ExchangeZagreb Stock Exchange  including:Ljubljana Stock ExchangeFor more information on the project  please contact:press@ct-project.euNiels Tomm (Deutsche Boerse)+49 17 23 00 96 40orErik Gruvfors (Nasdaq)+46 73 44 97 812Andrea Monzani (Euronext)+39 33 51 30 98 45,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.2,0.44,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'European exchanges', 'consolidated tape', 'European Union', 'provision', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Budapest Stock Exchange Bulgarian Stock Exchange', 'U.S. Securities', 'fourteen European exchange groups', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'Bucharest Stock Exchange', 'Cyprus Stock Exchange', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Malta Stock Exchange', 'Warsaw Stock Exchange', 'Prague Stock Exchange', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Zagreb Stock Exchange', 'Ljubljana Stock Exchange', 'Wiener Börse', 'Oslo Børs', 'twenty-six¹ Member States', 'highest operational standards', 'open strategic autonomy', 'future selection process', 'critical market infrastructure', 'capital markets ecosystem', 'Capital Markets Union', 'high-quality market data', 'joint venture participant', 'EU member states', 'Exchange Commission', 'BME Exchange', 'European Union', 'SIX Group', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'European Commission', 'financial markets', 'future performance', 'joint initiative', 'Release date', 'participating exchanges', 'term sheet', 'comprehensive, standardised', 'consistent source', 'optimal solution', 'key players', 'press release', 'potential benefits', 'Actual results', 'annual report', 'Form 10-K', 'periodic reports', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Niels Tomm', 'Erik Gruvfors', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'Nasdaq Riga', 'Nasdaq Tallinn', 'Nasdaq Vilnius', 'Forward-Looking statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'Euronext Paris', 'consolidated tape', 'CT provider', 'other factors', 'equities tape', 'participants', 'provision', 'project', 'proposal', 'development', 'cornerstones', 'decades', 'experience', 'operating', 'application', 'specialists', 'reliable', 'regulators', 'investors', 'commitment', 'Slovakia', 'meaning', 'respect', 'formation', 'guarantees', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'Notes', 'editors', '16', '49']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18599,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/R-STAHL-AG-11277506/news/R-STAHL-with-significant-increases-in-sales-order-intake-and-profitability-in-financial-year-2022-43001057/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,R. STAHL with significant increases in sales  order intake and profitability in financial year 2022,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word: Preliminary Results/Development of SalesR. STAHL with significant increases in sales  order intake and profitability in financial year 2022 16.02.2023 / 07:00 CET/CESTThe issuer i…,EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word(s): Preliminary Results/Development of SalesR. STAHL with significant increases in sales  order intake and profitability in financial year 202216.02.2023 / 07:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.R. STAHL with significant increases in sales  order intake and profitability in financial year 2022Order intake increases by 20.0% to € 76.9 millionGroup sales up 10.6% to € 76.9 millionEBITDA pre exceptionals increases by 24.5% to € 22.3 million;EBITDA pre execptionals margin improves significantly from 7.2% to 8.1%Net profit again positive at € 1.9 millionRecord order backlog of € 109.4 million ensures good start to 2023Waldenburg  16 February 2023 – According to preliminary figures  R. STAHL success­fully completed financial year 2022. Momentum from the significant recovery in demand evident since mid-2022 continued in the fourth quarter.The specialist for explosion protection solutions increased order intake for the Group by 20.0% to € 313.5 million in 2022 (previous year: € 261.3 million) and kicked off the new year with a record order backlog of € 109.4 million (previous year: € 72.2 million). This is a clear indication that R. STAHL 2022 has been able to stabilize and strengthen its market position despite the challenging environment. Customers value R. STAHL as a reliable partner and supplier of high-quality products and services.The tense transport capacity and procurement market situation at the beginning of the year and until the middle of 2022 began to ease in the third quarter. This enabled R. STAHL to improve its sales for the full year 2022 by 10.6% to € 274.3 million (previous year: € 248.1 million). The figure was thus within the forecast corridor of between € 273 million and € 278 million  which had been adjusted upwards on 13 December 2022.R. STAHL significantly improved the company's profitability in the past financial year. Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) pre exceptionals increased by 24.5% to € 22.3 million (previous year: € 17.9 million) and were thus also within the upwardly adjusted range that had been forecast (€ 21 million to € 24 million). The company increased its profitability  measured by the EBITDA pre exceptionals margin  from 7.2% in the previous year to 8.1%. With a net profit of € 1.9 million (previous year:€ -4.9 million)  R. STAHL also returned to positive bottom-line figures.Free cash flow improved by € 1.8 million to minus € 4.4 million (previous year: € -6.3 million). Net financial liabilities rose to € 29.2 million as of 31 December 2022 (previous year: € 18.3 million).“Strong overall business development in 2022 clearly demonstrates that the corporate strategy we have adopted is working. We have mastered the challenges we faced in recent years and are emerging even stronger from the difficult period. R. STAHL will take advan­tage of growth opportunities presented in sectors such as liquefied natural gas (LNG) and hydrogen technology to grow sustainably and profitably ” says Dr. Mathias Hallmann  CEO at R. STAHL.The figures and forward-looking statements in this press release relating to 2022 are preliminary. R. STAHL will provide an outlook for 2023 together with the release of its audited Annual Report 2022 on 27 April 2023.Key figures of the R. STAHL Group pursuant to IFRSin €m 20221) 2021 Changein €m Changein % Sales 274.3 248.1 +26.2 +10.6 Order intake 313.5 261.3 +52.2 +20.0 Order backlog 109.4 72.2 +37.3 +51.7 EBITDA pre exceptionals 2) 22.3 17.9 +4.4 +24.5 in % of sales 8.1% 7.2% EBIT 3.9 -0.1 +3.9 n/a Net profit 1.9 -4.9 +6.9 n/a Free cash flow -4.4 -6.3 +1.8 +29.3 Net financial liabilities as of 31 December 3) 29.2 18.3 +10.9 +59.9 Equity ratio as of 31 December 27.7 % 20.2 % Employees as of 31 December 4) 1 676 1 672 +4 empl. +0.21) Preliminary figures; the final and full figure set as well as the Annual Report 2021 will be released on 27 April 2023.2) Exceptionals: restructuring charges  non-scheduled depreciation and amortization  charges for design and implementation of IT projects  M&A costs as well as profit and loss from the disposal of non-current assets no longer required for business operations.3) Cash and cash equivalents less interest-bearing loans4) excl. apprenticesPercentages and figures may include rounding differences. Rates of change >+100% are shown as >+100%  rates of change < 100% as “n/a” (not applicable).Financial calendar 202327 April Annual Report FY 202210 May Interim Report Q1 202229 June 30th Annual General Meeting09 August Interim Report H1 202209 November Interim Report Q3 2022About R. STAHL – www.r-stahl.comR. STAHL is the world's leading supplier of electrical and electronic products and systems for explosion protection. These products and systems prevent explosions in hazardous areas and contribute to the safety of people  machines and the environment. The portfolio ranges from products used in switching/distributing  installing  operating/monitoring  lighting and signalling/alarming up to automation.Typical customers are the chemical and pharmaceutical industry  the oil & gas industry - including LNG applications - as well as the food and beverage industry. Most of the R. STAHL products are also approved for use with hydrogen. According to preliminary figures  2022 global sales amounting to around €274 million were generated by 1 676 employees. The shares of R. STAHL AG are traded on the Regulated Market/Prime Standard of Deutsche Boerse (ISIN DE000A1PHBB5).Forward-looking statementsThis release contains forward-looking statements based on assumptions and estimates of R. STAHL’s management. Although we assume that the expectations of these forward-looking statements are realistic  we cannot guarantee that these expectations will prove to be correct. The assumptions may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such discrepancies include: changes in the macroeconomic and business environment  exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations  the roll-out of competing products  a lack of acceptance of new products or services  and changes in business strategy. R. STAHL does not plan to update these forward-looking statements nor does it accept any obligation to do so.Contact:R. STAHL AGJudith SchäubleDirector Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsAm Bahnhof 3074638 Waldenburg (Württ.)GermanyTel. +49 7942 943-1396investornews@r-stahl.com,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.17,0.28,True,English,"['R. STAHL', 'significant increases', 'order intake', 'financial year', 'sales', 'profitability', '29 June 30th Annual General Meeting', 'EBITDA pre execptionals margin', 'Strong overall business development', 'EBITDA pre exceptionals margin', 'tense transport capacity', 'liquefied natural gas', 'Dr. Mathias Hallmann', 'M&A costs', 'less interest-bearing loans', '10 May Interim Report', '09 August Interim Report', '09 November Interim Report', 'procurement market situation', 'Free cash flow', 'Record order backlog', 'explosion protection solutions', 'positive bottom-line figures', 'Net financial liabilities', 'past financial year', '27 April Annual Report', 'R. Stahl AG', 'Order intake increases', 'R. STAHL Group', 'business operations', 'market position', 'Financial calendar', 'significant increases', 'cash equivalents', 'Net profit', 'Key word', 'Preliminary Results', 'good start', 'significant recovery', 'fourth quarter', 'previous year', 'new year', 'clear indication', 'reliable partner', 'third quarter', 'full year', 'forecast corridor', 'corporate strategy', 'recent years', 'difficult period', 'advan\xadtage', 'growth opportunities', 'hydrogen technology', 'forward-looking statements', 'Equity ratio', 'IT projects', 'non-current assets', 'rounding differences', 'hazardous areas', 'preliminary figures', 'Key figures', 'challenging environment', 'high-quality products', 'press release', 'full figure', 'restructuring charges', 'leading supplier', 'electronic products', 'Group sales', 'EQS-News', 'profitability', '00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Waldenburg', 'February', 'Momentum', 'demand', 'mid', 'specialist', 'Customers', 'services', 'beginning', '13 December', 'company', 'Earnings', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'range', '31 December', 'challenges', 'sectors', 'LNG', 'CEO', 'IFRS', '2021 Change', 'Employees', 'final', 'design', 'implementation', 'loss', 'disposal', 'apprentices', 'Percentages', 'Rates', 'world', 'electrical', 'systems', 'explosions', 'safety', 'people', 'machines', 'portfolio', '07', '24.', '10.', '2022']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18602,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/FI84Sgrtx4,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/FI84Sgrtx4,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'FI84Sgrtx4', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'FI84Sgrtx4']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,Unknown
18603,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/bM8Jr5p1Gh,nan,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/bM8Jr5p1Gh,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,Unknown
18604,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Group and Google Cloud Team Up to Advance Financial Services with Digital Assets Business Platform (… https://t.co/Mh8J26otKX,nan,Deutsche Börse Group and Google Cloud Team Up to Advance Financial Services with Digital Assets Business Platform (… https://t.co/Mh8J26otKX,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Digital Assets Business Platform', 'Google Cloud', 'Financial Services', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Digital Assets Business Platform', 'Google Cloud', 'Financial Services']",2023-02-15,2023-02-17,Unknown
18605,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/nFDpN3XFJa,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/nFDpN3XFJa,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2023-02-15,2023-02-17,Unknown
18606,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/1ncAbUwAd2,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/1ncAbUwAd2,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-15,2023-02-17,Unknown
18607,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/EoclLhsMmB,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/EoclLhsMmB,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-14,2023-02-17,Unknown
18608,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/EcU90JeE3s,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/EcU90JeE3s,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-14,2023-02-17,Unknown
18609,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/GXYLGMq4IT,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/GXYLGMq4IT,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'GXYLGMq4IT', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'GXYLGMq4IT']",2023-02-14,2023-02-17,Unknown
18610,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/jlrlymCRPB,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/jlrlymCRPB,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'jlrlymCRPB', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'jlrlymCRPB']",2023-02-14,2023-02-17,Unknown
18613,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aedifica-nv-sa-2022-annual-063000538.html,Aedifica NV/SA: 2022 annual results,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam...,AedificaPlease find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding its 2022 annual results.Robust operational performance driving strong resultsEPRA Earnings amounted to €181.4 million (+20% compared to 31 Dec. 2021)  or €4.76/shareRental income increased to €273.1 million (+18% compared to 31 Dec. 2021)4.2% increase in rental income on a like-for-like basis* over the yearWeighted average unexpired lease term of 19 years and occupancy rate of 100%Real estate portfolio* of €5.7 billion as at 31 December 2022Increase of approx. €807 million compared to 31 December 2021 (+16%)622 healthcare sites for more than 47 100 end users across 8 countriesInvestment programme of €671 million in pre-let development projects and acquisitions in progress  of which €489 million remains to be invested. In 2022  40 projects from the programme were completed for a total investment budget of approx. €295 millionSolid balance sheet and strong liquidity43.6% debt-to-assets ratio as of 31 December 2022Strengthening equity: nearly €310 million raised on capital markets through a capital increase via an accelerated private placement (€254 million) and two contributions in kind€667 million of headroom on committed credit lines to finance CAPEX and liquidity needsBBB investment-grade credit rating with a stable outlook reaffirmed by S&POutlookProposed dividend of €3.70/share (gross) is confirmed (distribution in May 2023)EPRA Earnings* for 2023 are estimated at €200 million  or €5.03/shareDividend of €3.80/share (gross) proposed for the 2023 financial yearAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['Aedifica NV/SA', '2022 annual results', 'public regulated real estate company', 'average unexpired lease term', 'BBB investment-grade credit rating', 'Real estate portfolio', 'committed credit lines', 'Robust operational performance', 'Solid balance sheet', 'total investment budget', 'S&P Outlook', '2023 financial year Attachments', 'stable outlook', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '2022 annual results', 'strong results', 'EPRA Earnings', 'Rental income', 'occupancy rate', '622 healthcare sites', '47,100 end users', 'Investment programme', 'strong liquidity', 'assets ratio', 'Strengthening equity', 'capital markets', 'private placement', 'two contributions', 'liquidity needs', 'development projects', 'capital increase', '40 projects', '4.2% increase', 'Aedifica', '31 Dec.', 'basis', '19 years', '31 December', '8 countries', 'acquisitions', 'progress', '43.6% debt', 'kind', 'headroom', 'CAPEX', 'dividend', 'gross', 'distribution', 'May']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18614,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asm-monica-virgiliis-not-seek-063000154.html,ASM MONICA DE VIRGILIIS WILL NOT SEEK SECOND TERM AS SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER AFTER CURRENT TERM,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CET ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that Supervisory Board member Ms...,ASM International NVAlmere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that Supervisory Board member Ms Monica de Virgiliis has decided not to seek a second term as Supervisory Board member and that she will step down after her current term which will expire in May 2024.Pauline van der Meer Mohr  the Chair of the Supervisory Board  mentioned: “The accumulation of Monica’s current and future commitments have prompted this decision  which we understand and respect. The timing she chose is related to those commitments and allows the Board ample time to find a successor. I am very pleased that she is fully committed to fulfill her current term until next year May and that she will continue to make contributions to the company.”About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM’s website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.Story continuesThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.05,0.66,0.29,mixed,0.38,0.16,0.45,True,English,"['ASM MONICA DE', 'SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER', 'SECOND TERM', 'VIRGILIIS', 'Pauline van der Meer Mohr', 'Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Ms Monica de Virgiliis', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'ASM International NV Almere', 'common stock trades', 'next year May', 'Supervisory Board member', 'market acceptance', 'second term', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'current term', 'The Netherlands', 'future commitments', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'media contact', 'The Company', 'February', '7:30 a', 'CET', 'Chair', 'decision', 'timing', 'time', 'successor', 'contributions', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'financing', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Story', 'meaning', 'Investor']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18615,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-transaction-details-february-090000135.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023 February 16  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert...,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023February 16  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 133 605 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 9  2023  up to and including February 15  2023  for €13.6 million and at an average share price of €101.63.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 2  2022  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2023  up to and including February 20  2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 911 105 91.0 99.83For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Story continuesWolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'November', 'January', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18616,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/board-nominations-proposed-shareholders-meeting-060000155.html,BOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING,BOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING At its meeting of February 15  2023  the Board of Directors of Rexel unanimously decided  on...,"REXELBOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGAt its meeting of February 15  2023  the Board of Directors of Rexel unanimously decided  on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee  to propose to the next Shareholders' Meeting of April 20  2023  the renewal of Ian Meakins' term of office as Director and to appoint Marie-Christine Lombard and Steven Borges as new independent members of the Board of Directors for a term of four years. Marie-Christine Lombard would succeed Elen Phillips  whose term of office will expire at the next Shareholders’ Meeting.Ian Meakins  Chairman of Rexel's Board of Directors  said: ""I deeply thank Elen for her contribution to the Board during all these years and for the richness of the interactions and exchanges we had. As part of the succession plan for Directors  the Board of Directors had identified additional needs in terms of expertise to adapt to the evolution of the Group and its market. Steven Borges  in addition to his knowledge of the U.S. market  will bring to the Board his knowledge of all industrial sectors at a time when issues such as industrial automation and investments related to sustainable development are at the heart of Rexel's business in the industrial sector. Marie-Christine Lombard is a recognized executive with an impressive track record of success at the head of Geodis. In addition to her management experience  she will bring to Rexel's Board her in-depth knowledge of transport  logistics and service issues  which  in conjunction with digital  are central to Rexel's value proposition.""Biographies:Marie-Christine Lombard has been Chairwoman of the Management Board of Geodis since 2012  a global leader in transport and logistics. She is also a member of the Executive Committee of the SNCF group. Previously  she held several management positions at TNT Express before becoming its Chief Executive Officer. She started her career in the banking sector where she held various positions at the Chemical Bank in New York and at Paribas in Paris where her last role was Vice President in the M&A department of the commercial banking group. She is a Director and the Chairwoman of the Compensation Committee of Vinci. She is a graduate of ESSEC and the Harvard University Executive Program.Story continuesSteven Borges currently serves as EVP and CEO of the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment of Jabil Inc. (NYSE: JBL)  a global manufacturing services company. He joined Jabil in 1993 and has held positions of increasing responsibility in business development  manufacturing operations and supply chain management over the course of his 30-year career. Prior to his current role  he served as EVP and CEO of Jabil’s Regulated Industries segment with additional responsibility for additive manufacturing. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of Johns Hopkins All Children’s Hospital. He is a graduate of Fitchburg State University.ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 900 branches in 21 countries  with more than 26 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €18.7 billion in 2022.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSEBrunswick : Thomas KAMM +33 1 53 96 83 92 tkamm@brunswickgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['BOARD NOMINATIONS', 'SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING', 'THE', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe', 'S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook', '® Global ESG Environmental Leaders', 'Harvard University Executive Program', 'global manufacturing services company', 'Diversified Manufacturing Services segment', 'Regulated Industries segment', 'Fitchburg State University', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'U.S. market', 'impressive track record', 'multichannel professional distribution', 'three main markets', 'new independent members', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'M&A department', 'supply chain management', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'following SRI indices', ""next Shareholders' Meeting"", 'next Shareholders’ Meeting', 'several management positions', ""Ian Meakins' term"", 'commercial banking group', 'global leader', 'manufacturing operations', 'additive manufacturing', 'following indices', 'CAC Next', 'Executive Committee', 'banking sector', 'New York', 'compartment A', 'management experience', 'energy management', 'increasing responsibility', 'additional responsibility', 'Nomination Committee', 'Marie-Christine Lombard', 'Steven Borges', 'succession plan', 'additional needs', 'sustainable development', 'value proposition', 'SNCF group', 'TNT Express', 'various positions', 'Chemical Bank', 'last role', 'Vice President', 'Compensation Committee', 'current role', 'Johns Hopkins', 'energy world', 'scalable range', 'Eurolist market', 'Euronext Paris', 'ticker RXL', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'CAC AllTrade', 'CAC AllShares', 'FTSE EuroMid', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'Thomas KAMM', 'industrial sectors', 'industrial automation', 'industrial customers', 'The Group', 'Management Board', 'four years', 'Elen Phillips', 'service issues', 'business development', '30-year career', 'Ludovic DEBAILLEUX', 'depth knowledge', 'Jabil Inc.', 'BOARD NOMINATIONS', 'REXEL GROUP', 'February', 'Directors', 'recommendation', 'April', 'renewal', 'Chairman', 'contribution', 'richness', 'interactions', 'exchanges', 'terms', 'expertise', 'evolution', 'time', 'investments', 'heart', 'head', 'Geodis', 'transport', 'logistics', 'conjunction', 'digital', 'Biographies', 'Chairwoman', 'Paribas', 'Vinci', 'graduate', 'ESSEC', 'Story', 'EVP', 'CEO', 'NYSE', 'JBL', 'course', 'Trustees', 'Children', 'Hospital', 'products', 'residential', 'tailored', 'construction', 'renovation', 'production', 'maintenance', 'network', '1,900 branches', '21 countries', '26,000 employees', 'sales', 'SBF', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'recognition', 'performance', 'CSR', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'PRESSE', 'Brunswick', 'Attachment', '120', '53']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18617,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cgg-announces-q4-financial-results-063000385.html,CGG Announces its Q4 Financial Results on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after Markets Close,PARIS  France – February 16th  2023 Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference call CGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial results and...,CGGPARIS  France – February 16th  2023Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference callCGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial results and host a question & answer session on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after the close of the markets.The press release and the presentation will be made available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET)An English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET)Participants should register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Q4 Financial Results', 'CGG', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Markets', 'An English language analysts conference call', 'Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'answer session', 'press release', 'same day', 'live webcast', 'audio format', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'data science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'Christophe Barnini', 'CGG', 'France', 'February', 'question', 'Thursday', 'March', 'close', 'markets', 'presentation', 'website', 'CET', 'Participants', 'number', 'code', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'Company', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '6.30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18618,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/three-randstad-executives-named-staffing-192100226.html,three randstad executives named to staffing industry analysts' 2023 Staffing 100 list,For the twelfth year in a row  executives from Randstad North America have been named to Staffing Industry Analysts' (SIA) Staffing 100 list. Each year  SIA ...,"randstad executives have featured every year since the award's inception in 2011ATLANTA  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- For the twelfth year in a row  executives from Randstad North America have been named to Staffing Industry Analysts' (SIA) Staffing 100 list. Each year  SIA compiles 100 men and women who have made a difference in the staffing industry. The list consists of  but is not limited to entrepreneurs  CEOs  and other individuals who have had a major impact on the world of work.Randstad US (PRNewsfoto/Randstad US)This year's Randstad USA executives featured include:Traci Fiatte  CEO  Randstad North AmericaAngie Keller  President  Randstad EngineeringGreg Dyer  Chief Commercial Officer  Randstad USA""Congratulations to Traci  Angie and Greg for this well-deserved recognition "" said Randstad CEO  Sander van 't Noordende. ""These leaders have worked tirelessly to make an impact in the staffing industry and take us one step further on our journey to becoming the most equitable and specialized talent company in the world.""Visit the SIA website for the full list of honorees.about randstadRandstad North America  Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Randstad N.V.  the world's largest talent company and a partner of choice to clients. We are committed to providing equitable opportunities to people from all backgrounds and helping them remain relevant in the rapidly changing world of work. We have a deep understanding of the labor market and help our clients to create the high-quality  diverse and agile workforces they need to succeed.Randstad was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Diemen  the Netherlands. In 2022  in our 39 markets  we helped more than 2 million people find a job that feels good and advised over 230 000 clients on their talent needs. We generated revenue of €27.6 billion. Randstad N.V. is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam. For more information  see www.randstad.comRandstad's North American operations comprise 7 100 associates and a deployed workforce of 91 100 in the U.S. and Canada. In addition to staffing and recruitment  Randstad offers outsourcing  consulting and workforce management solutions for generalist and specialist disciplines  including technology  engineering  accounting and finance  clinical and non-clinical healthcare  human resources  legal  life sciences  manufacturing and logistics  office and administration and sales and marketing. Global concepts available to North American client companies include RPO  MSP  integrated talent solutions  payrolling and independent contractor management and career transition services. Learn more at www.randstadusa.com or www.randstad.ca.Story continuesCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/three-randstad-executives-named-to-staffing-industry-analysts-2023-staffing-100-list-301749275.htmlSOURCE Randstad US",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.27,0.05,True,English,"['three randstad executives', 'industry analysts', '100 list', 'North American client companies', 'North American operations', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'independent contractor management', 'career transition services', 'specialized talent company', 'largest talent company', 'integrated talent solutions', 'Randstad North America', 'Randstad N.V.', 'workforce management solutions', 'Randstad USA executives', 'talent needs', 'SOURCE Randstad', 'twelfth year', 'other individuals', 'Sander van', 'deep understanding', 'labor market', 'high-quality, diverse', 'agile workforces', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'U.S.', 'specialist disciplines', 'human resources', 'life sciences', 'Global concepts', 'original content', 'staffing industry', 'full list', 'Randstad Engineering', 'Randstad CEO', 'major impact', 'Traci Fiatte', 'Angie Keller', 'Greg Dyer', 'equitable opportunities', '2 million people', 'clinical healthcare', 'Staffing 100 list', 'SIA website', 'changing world', 'award', 'inception', 'ATLANTA', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'row', '100 men', 'women', 'difference', 'entrepreneurs', 'CEOs', 'PRNewsfoto', 'President', 'Congratulations', 'recognition', 'Noordende', 'leaders', 'journey', 'honorees', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'partner', 'choice', 'clients', 'backgrounds', 'rapidly', 'Diemen', 'Netherlands', '39 markets', 'job', 'revenue', 'information', '7,100 associates', 'Canada', 'addition', 'recruitment', 'consulting', 'generalist', 'technology', 'accounting', 'finance', 'legal', 'manufacturing', 'logistics', 'administration', 'sales', 'marketing', 'RPO', 'MSP', 'payrolling', 'randstadusa', 'Story', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'three-randstad-executives', 'industry-analysts']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18619,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heineken-holding-n-v-notes-063100633.html,Heineken Holding N.V. notes FEMSA’s intention to divest its shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V.,Amsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has...,"HEINEKEN Holding NVAmsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has decided to focus solely on retail  Coca-Cola FEMSA and digital going forward. FEMSA intends to divest its full shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. and FEMSA’s representatives will resign from Heineken Holding N.V.’s Board of Directors and Heineken N.V.’s Supervisory Board with immediate effect.Heineken Holding N.V. respects FEMSA's decision to refocus its strategic priorities and would like to thank FEMSA for its contribution and support in growing the business over the past thirteen years.Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken and Michel de Carvalho  Executive Directors of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V.  commented: “We are grateful for the commitment and support of José Antonio Fernández Carbajal on the Board of Directors over the last thirteen years. We will miss him for his valuable contributions  guidance and collaboration.-END-Press enquiries Heineken Holding N.V.Kees JongsmaE-mail: cjongsma@spj.nlTel: +31-6-5479-8253Press enquiriesSarah Backhouse / Michael FuchsE-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-355Story continuesInvestor and analyst enquiriesFederico Castillo Martinez / Mark Matthews / Chris SteynE-mail: investors@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-590About HEINEKENHeineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company. HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN employs over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIO NA and HEIA NA and on Reuters under HEIO.AS and HEIN.AS. HEINEKEN has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY) and Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY). Most recent information is available on Heineken Holding N.V.’s website or Heineken N.V.'s website and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.48,0.08,0.44,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'FEMSA', 'intention', 'shareholding', 'José Antonio Fernández Carbajal', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'HEINEKEN Holding NV', 'past thirteen years', 'Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken', 'Michel de Carvalho', 'last thirteen years', 'Federico Castillo Martinez', 'other production facilities', 'long-term brand investment', 'Heineken® brand', 'strategic review', 'full shareholding', 'immediate effect', 'strategic priorities', 'valuable contributions', 'Press enquiries', 'Kees Jongsma', 'Sarah Backhouse', 'Michael Fuchs', 'analyst enquiries', 'Mark Matthews', 'Chris Steyn', 'participating interest', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'ordinary shares', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO.AS', 'HEIN.AS.', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'recent information', 'press release', 'price-sensitive information', 'cost management', 'Better World', 'Supervisory Board', 'Executive Directors', 'Coca-Cola FEMSA', 'Amsterdam', 'February', 'announcement', 'outcome', 'retail', 'representatives', 'decision', 'support', 'business', 'commitment', 'guidance', 'collaboration', 'mail', 'nl', 'pressoffice', 'Story', 'Investor', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'focused', 'sustainability', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'HKHHY', 'HEINY', 'Most', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18622,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-203000982.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM LogoPursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 16 February 2023  delivered 3 540 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €69.71). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 125 960. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0020%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301749269.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.24,0.34,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '3,540 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '16 February', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'prnewswire', 'Cision', 'news-releases']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18623,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wendel-growth-invests-brigad-online-063000354.html,Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments,Press release – February 16  2023 Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care...,"WENDELPress release – February 16  2023Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishmentsWendel (Euronext: MF.FP)  through its Wendel Growth1 investment arm  announced today the acquisition of a minority stake in Brigad with an equity investment of €7 million.Brigad is an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments.Brigad meets a dual need:offering companies operating in tense sectors the support they need by connecting them with a community of around 15 000 skilled professionals and meeting the growing demand for more flexible and diversified work patterns. Indeed  self-employed professionals are free  allowing them to choose their missions and arrange their work  according to their personal schedule and professional objectives.Founded in 2016  Brigad has been a mission-driven company since 2020. It now operates in the 5 main cities in France (Paris  Lyon  Lille  Bordeaux and Marseille) as well as in London  Manchester and Birmingham. Brigad has 150 employees.Antoine Izsak  Head of Growth Equity  said:« We have been very impressed by the level of satisfaction expressed by talents and companies who are using Brigad. We look forward to working with Brigad to expand the company's mission and technical skills of its teams far beyond its current borders  into new geographies and sectors.”Florent Malbranche  Brigad CEO  stated:""We are delighted to welcome Wendel into Brigad's capital as it shows its willingness to invest and promote professions. In addition  its financial expertise will be a major asset for Brigad's future growth.""About Wendel Growth:With Wendel Growth (formerly Wendel Lab)  Wendel invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies. With close to €192 million already committed through the initiative in recent years  Wendel Growth seeks direct investment and coinvestment opportunities in startups. To make these direct investments  like the 2019 investment in AlphaSense and Tadaweb that should be finalized in 2023  Wendel Growth is supported by a team experienced in this asset class  including Antoine Izsak  who joined Wendel early 2022 as Head of Growth Equity. Mr. Izsak was previously Investment Director at Bpifrance. Wendel’s ambition is to invest up to €50 million in scale ups in Europe and North America and will continue to invest in funds.Story continuesMore information: https://www.wendelgroup.com/en/companies/wendel-growth/1 Formerly Wendel LabAgendaMarch 17  20232022 Full Year Results—Publication of NAV as of December 31  2022 (pre-market release)April 28  2023Q1 2023 Trading update—Publication of NAV as of March 31  2023 (pre-market release)June 15  2023Annual General MeetingJuly 28  2023H1 2023 results—Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (pre-market release).October 27  2023Q3 2023 Trading update—Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (pre-market release).December 7  20232023 Investor DayAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.79,0.09,0.12,True,English,"['Wendel Growth', 'online tool', 'self-employed professionals', 'care establishments', 'Brigad', 'hospitality', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Wendel Growth1 investment arm', 'Q1 2023 Trading update', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', '2023 Investor Day Attachment', '2022 Full Year Results', 'diversified work patterns', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'care establishments Wendel', 'financial expertise', 'H1 2023 results', 'equity investment', 'direct investment', 'Investment Director', 'Press release', 'online tool', 'self-employed professionals', 'MF.FP', 'minority stake', 'dual need', '15,000 skilled professionals', 'growing demand', 'personal schedule', 'professional objectives', '5 main cities', 'Antoine Izsak', 'Growth Equity', 'technical skills', 'current borders', 'new geographies', 'Florent Malbranche', 'major asset', 'future growth', 'recent years', 'coinvestment opportunities', 'asset class', 'Mr. Izsak', 'scale ups', 'North America', 'More information', 'pre-market release', 'Wendel Lab', 'tense sectors', 'mission-driven company', 'Brigad CEO', '2019 investment', 'February', 'hospitality', 'Euronext', 'acquisition', 'support', 'community', 'flexible', 'missions', 'France', 'Paris', 'Lyon', 'Lille', 'Bordeaux', 'Marseille', 'London', 'Manchester', 'Birmingham', '150 employees', 'Head', 'level', 'satisfaction', 'talents', 'teams', 'capital', 'willingness', 'professions', 'addition', 'funds', 'initiative', 'startups', 'AlphaSense', 'Tadaweb', 'ambition', 'Europe', 'Story', 'wendelgroup', 'wendel-growth', 'Agenda', 'March', 'Publication', 'NAV', 'December', 'April', 'June', 'July', 'October', 'September']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18624,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/APERAM-S-A-7261038/news/Euronext-includes-Aperam-in-its-new-BEL-ESG-stock-market-index-43002183/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Euronext includes Aperam in its new BEL® ESG stock market index,(marketscreener.com) Aperam S.A. / Key word: MiscellaneousEuronext includes Aperam in its new BEL® ESG stock market index 16-Feb-2023 / 09:01 CET/CESTEuronext includes Aperam in its new BEL® ESG stock market index Luxembourg  16 February …,Euronext includes Aperam in its new BEL® ESG stock market indexLuxembourg  16 February 2023 (09:00 CET) - Aperam is proud to announce that we are now a member of the newly announced BEL® ESG stock market index .Euronext today announced the launch of the BEL® ESG index  a new index identifying and tracking the companies within the BEL® 20 and the BEL® Mid indices that have demonstrated the best ESG practices.The BEL® ESG Index is designed to facilitate the adoption of mainstream ESG investment solutions by investors. It is the fifth ESG Index variant for national blue-chip indices  following the launch of the CAC® 40 ESG (France)  the MIB® ESG (Italy)  the AEX® ESG (The Netherlands) and the OBX® ESG (Norway).This sustainable index tracks the Brussels listed companies with the best social  environmental and governance (ESG) performance. It is based on Sustainalytics' ESG data and structured according to Febelfin's Towards Sustainability label.With this new index  Euronext aims to respond to the growing market demand for sustainable investment instruments. Investors can thus find their way to those companies that focus on a more sustainable future by combining economic results with sustainability considerations. ​We view this as an important first recognition of our efforts in placing sustainability at the center of our strategy and providing transparent communication on our targets and practices.Aperam fully integrates into its strategy the need for a more circular economy  as demonstrated with the creation of our new segment Recycling and Renewables and the acquisition of the former ELG (a major player in the global stainless scrap recycling market) in December 2021. Together with our FSC®-certified forestry it places sustainability at the heart of Aperam’s strategy. We are committed to become carbon neutral by 2050  based on energy efficiency improvements and green energy production and sourcing.Our annually published Sustainability Report (link) provides additional valuable insights to a variety of stakeholders.Please find below the link to the Euronext Press Release for more information on the nature of the BEL20® ESG index.Euronext launches the BEL® ESG indexAbout AperamAperam is a global player in stainless  electrical and specialty steel  with customers in over 40 countries. The business is Aperam is a global player in stainless  electrical and specialty steel and recycling  with customers in over 40 countries. Starting from 1 January 2022  the business is organized in four primary reportable segments: Stainless & Electrical Steel  Services & Solutions  Alloys & Specialties and Recycling & Renewables.Aperam has a flat Stainless and Electrical steel capacity of 2.5 million tonnes in Brazil and Europe and is a leader in high value specialty products. In addition to its industrial network  spread over six production facilities in Brazil  Belgium and France  Aperam has a highly integrated distribution  processing and services network and a unique capability to produce low carbon footprint stainless and special steels from biomass  stainless steel scrap and high performance alloys scrap. With Bioenergia and its unique capability to produce charcoal made from its own FSC®-certified forestry and with ELG  a global leader in collecting  trading  processing and recycling of stainless steel scrap and high performance alloys  Aperam’s places sustainability at the heart of its business  helping customers worldwide to excel in the circular economy.In 2022  Aperam had sales of EUR 8 156 million and shipments of 2.31 million tonnes.For further information  please refer to our website at www.aperam.com.ContactCompany Secretary / Julia Eisenmann +352 661 527 279; julia.eisenmann@aperam.comInvestor Relations / Thorsten Zimmermann: +352 661 570 250; thorsten.zimmermann@aperam.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['new BEL® ESG stock market index', 'Euronext', 'Aperam', 'new BEL® ESG stock market index', 'four primary reportable segments', 'global stainless scrap recycling market', 'low carbon footprint stainless', 'fifth ESG Index variant', 'high value specialty products', 'mainstream ESG investment solutions', 'The BEL® ESG Index', 'high performance alloys scrap', 'growing market demand', 'BEL20® ESG index', 'BEL® Mid indices', ""Sustainalytics' ESG data"", 'stainless steel scrap', 'national blue-chip indices', 'important first recognition', 'FSC®-certified forestry', 'energy efficiency improvements', 'green energy production', 'additional valuable insights', 'six production facilities', 'sustainable investment instruments', 'best ESG practices', 'Towards Sustainability label', 'Electrical steel capacity', 'Euronext Press Release', 'new index', 'ESG) performance', 'sustainable index', 'CAC® 40 ESG', 'MIB® ESG', 'AEX® ESG', 'OBX® ESG', 'specialty steel', 'The Netherlands', 'new segment', 'stainless, electrical', 'flat Stainless', 'global player', 'sustainable future', 'global leader', 'economic results', 'transparent communication', 'circular economy', 'major player', '2.5 million tonnes', 'industrial network', 'unique capability', 'special steels', '2.31 million tonnes', 'Company Secretary', 'Investor Relations', 'sustainability considerations', 'Sustainability Report', 'former ELG', 'services network', 'Thorsten Zimmermann', 'Julia Eisenmann', 'Aperam', 'Luxembourg', 'February', '09:00 CET', 'member', 'launch', 'companies', 'adoption', 'investors', 'France', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Brussels', 'environmental', 'governance', 'Febelfin', 'efforts', 'center', 'strategy', 'targets', 'need', 'creation', 'Renewables', 'acquisition', 'December', 'heart', 'sourcing', 'link', 'variety', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'nature', 'customers', '40 countries', 'business', '1 January', 'Specialties', 'Brazil', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'processing', 'biomass', 'Bioenergia', 'charcoal', 'collecting', 'trading', 'sales', 'shipments', 'website', 'Contact']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18625,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609333/0/en/ASM-MONICA-DE-VIRGILIIS-WILL-NOT-SEEK-SECOND-TERM-AS-SUPERVISORY-BOARD-MEMBER-AFTER-CURRENT-TERM.html,ASM MONICA DE VIRGILIIS WILL NOT SEEK SECOND TERM AS SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER AFTER CURRENT TERM,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CET        ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that Supervisory Board......,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that Supervisory Board member Ms Monica de Virgiliis has decided not to seek a second term as Supervisory Board member and that she will step down after her current term which will expire in May 2024.Pauline van der Meer Mohr  the Chair of the Supervisory Board  mentioned: “The accumulation of Monica’s current and future commitments have prompted this decision  which we understand and respect. The timing she chose is related to those commitments and allows the Board ample time to find a successor. I am very pleased that she is fully committed to fulfill her current term until next year May and that she will continue to make contributions to the company.”About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM’s website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.05,0.66,0.29,mixed,0.34,0.16,0.49,True,English,"['ASM MONICA DE', 'SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER', 'SECOND TERM', 'VIRGILIIS', 'Pauline van der Meer Mohr', 'Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Ms Monica de Virgiliis', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'next year May', 'Supervisory Board member', 'market acceptance', 'second term', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'current term', 'The Netherlands', 'future commitments', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'media contact', 'The Company', 'Almere', 'February', '7:30 a', 'CET', 'Chair', 'decision', 'timing', 'time', 'successor', 'contributions', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'financing', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'Investor']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18626,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BPOST-SA-NV-16193932/news/Bpost-selected-as-part-of-Euronext-s-new-Bel-ESG-index-43002867/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Bpost / : selected as part of Euronext's new Bel ESG index,(marketscreener.com)  bpost selected as part of Euronext's new Bel ESG index   As from today  bpost  Belgium's leading postal operator and a growing parcel & e-logistics partner in Europe  North America and Asia  is part of Euronext new BEL ESG Index. Thi…,"Wednesday 15 February 2023Today Euronext Brussels launched the BEL® ESG  a new share index identifying and tracking 20 listed companies within the BEL® 20 and the BEL® Mid indices that demonstrate the best Environment  Social and Governance (""ESG"") practices. The BEL® ESG Index aims to help investors identify companies that are leading the way to a more sustainable future by combining economic performance with ESG considerations.bpost has put forward an ambitious ESG strategy  based on five pillars  covering both Environmental and Social sustainability:​- Health & safety first​- Be a career lifter​- Diversity  equity & inclusion​- Decarbonize the e-commerce supply chain​- Re-use and re-cycle as part of a circular economyDesigned in partnership with Sustainalytics  a leading provider of ESG research  ratings and data  the BEL® ESG is fully compliant with the Belgian Central Labelling Agency's 'Towards Sustainability' label  a high-quality standard for sustainable financial products such as indices and funds. bpost sa has been rated by Sustainalytics since 2017 and obtained a ""Low Risk"" ESG Risk Rating in 2022.Press RelationsMULTI - Boulevard Anspachlaan 1 bus 1  1000 Brussels [email protected]bpost.be MULTI - Boulevard Anspachlaan 1 bus 1  1000 BrusselsPhilippe Dartienne  Chief Executive Officer a.i. bpostgroup commented: ""I'm extremely proud about the fact that today bpost has been selected to be part of the new BEL® ESG Index. It proves that our ESG efforts are well recognized and appreciated. Best and better environmental  social and governance practices are an integral part of our strategy and remain a fundamental priority going forward. We must play an active role in driving social change and our ambition is to become an industry benchmark for sustainability. ""Read more",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.19,0.11,True,English,"['new Bel ESG index', 'Bpost', 'part', 'Euronext', 'Low Risk"" ESG Risk Rating', 'Belgian Central Labelling Agency', 'The BEL® ESG Index', 'new BEL® ESG Index', 'new share index', 'Boulevard Anspachlaan 1 bus', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'sustainable financial products', 'ambitious ESG strategy', 'BEL® Mid indices', 'better environmental, social', 'ESG"") practices', 'ESG considerations', 'ESG research', 'ESG efforts', 'sustainable future', 'economic performance', 'five pillars', 'career lifter', 'circular economy', 'leading provider', 'high-quality standard', 'Press RelationsMULTI', 'Philippe Dartienne', 'i. bpostgroup', 'fundamental priority', 'active role', 'social change', 'industry benchmark', 'Social sustainability', ""Sustainability' label"", '20 listed companies', 'governance practices', 'Euronext Brussels', 'bpost sa', 'integral part', 'BEL® 20', '1000 Brussels', 'Wednesday', 'February', 'investors', 'way', 'Health', 'safety', 'Diversity', 'equity', 'inclusion', 'partnership', 'Sustainalytics', 'ratings', 'data', 'funds', 'fact', 'Best', 'ambition']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18627,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000358.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1841 £ 23.9515 Estimated MTD return -0.29 % -0.25 % Estimated YTD return -2.11 % -1.94 % Estimated ITD return 171.84 % 139.52 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.60 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.4336 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.8301The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '60']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18628,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-provides-update-on-ema-regulatory-review-of-leniolisib-for-apds-in-europe-301748170.html,Pharming provides update on EMA regulatory review of leniolisib for APDS in Europe,"EMA Marketing Authorisation Application for leniolisib changed to standard review timetable LEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the Euro…","EMA Marketing Authorisation Application for leniolisib changed to standard review timetableLEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Human Medicinal Products (CHMP) has decided to shift its assessment of the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib to a standard review timetable. Leniolisib is an oral selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor under regulatory review as a treatment for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS)  a rare primary immunodeficiency  in adolescents and adults 12 years of age and older.Pharming has received the list of questions from EMA which included a request to submit updated data from the ongoing long-term extension study collected after the interim analysis included in the original MAA. Based on the timetable for our responses  Pharming expects that CHMP will issue its opinion on the leniolisib MAA in 2H 2023.Sijmen de Vries  CEO of Pharming commented:""We are continuing to work with EMA through the MAA review process and remain dedicated to seeking regulatory approval of leniolisib within the European Economic Area. In the US  the FDA's priority review of the leniolisib NDA remains on track  with a PDUFA goal date of March 29  2023. We remain focused on achieving regulatory approvals and bringing leniolisib to patients living with APDS worldwide.""Following the grant of accelerated assessment in August 2022  EMA validated Pharming's MAA for leniolisib for scientific evaluation under an accelerated assessment by the CHMP in October 2022. The MAA is supported by positive data from a Phase II/III study of leniolisib  announced on February 2  2022  which met its co-primary endpoints of reduction in lymph node size and increase in percentage of naïve B cells in patients with APDS. Furthermore  safety data from the study showed that leniolisib was well tolerated by participants. Also submitted as part of the original MAA were data from a long-term  open-label extension clinical trial in patients with APDS treated with leniolisib.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million. APDS is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.2 3 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.2 4 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.5 6 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.7 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.5-8 The only way to definitively diagnose this condition is through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K. PI3Kδ is expressed predominately in hematopoietic cells and is essential to normal immune system function through conversion of phosphatidylinositol-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP2) to phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Leniolisib inhibits the production of PIP3 and PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for immune diseases such as APDS. To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study in patients with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.References1. Rao VK  et al. Blood. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1182/blood.2022018546.2. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97.3. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218.4. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687.5. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606.6. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543.7. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21.8. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy Byrne T: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon Melens T: +31 6 53 81 64 27 E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PREthan Metelenis E: Ethan.Metelenis@precisionvh.com T: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRDan Caley E: Dan.caley@aprilsix.com T: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.24,0.22,True,English,"['EMA regulatory review', 'Pharming', 'update', 'leniolisib', 'APDS', 'Europe', 'long-term, open-label extension clinical trial', 'oral selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'ongoing long-term extension study', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'naïve B cells', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Phase II/III registration-enabling study', 'normal immune system function', 'EMA Marketing Authorisation Application', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Phase II/III study', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'European Economic Area', 'lymph node size', '110 kDa catalytic subunit', 'important cellular messenger', 'adaptive immune system', 'innate immune system', 'effective therapeutic target', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Human Medicinal Products', 'numerous cellular functions', 'protein replacement therapies', 'white blood cells', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'PDUFA goal date', 'permanent lung damage', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'standard review timetable', 'MAA review process', 'class IA PI3K', 'human trial', 'immune function', 'delta isoform', 'immune cells', 'primary endpoints', 'immune diseases', 'regulatory review', 'priority review', 'cell functions', 'precision medicines', 'gene therapies', 'hematopoietic cells', 'T cells', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'interim analysis', 'regulatory approval', 'scientific evaluation', 'Balanced signaling', 'progressive disease', 'genetic testing', 'small-molecule inhibitor', 'cell survival', 'hematopoietic origin', 'central role', 'lesser extent', 'healthy subjects', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'original MAA', 'The MAA', 'updated data', 'positive data', 'safety data', 'accelerated assessment', '1 to 2 people', 'two genes', 'cytokine production', 'PI3Kδ) inhibitor', 'leniolisib NDA', 'leniolisib MAA', 'PI3Kδ pathway', 'Phase 1', 'PI3Kα', 'PI3Kβ', 'PI3Kγ', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'Nasdaq', 'CHMP', 'treatment', 'APDS', 'adolescents', 'adults', '12 years', 'list', 'questions', 'request', 'responses', 'opinion', '2H', 'CEO', 'FDA', 'track', 'March', 'patients', 'grant', 'August', 'October', 'February', 'reduction', 'percentage', 'participants', 'million', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'symptoms', 'variety', 'conditions', 'lymphoma', 'conversion', 'PIP', 'AKT', 'PDK', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'B-cells', 'neutrophils', 'macrophages', 'valid', 'lives', 'biologics']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,prnewswire.co.uk
18629,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/atos-entering-next-phase-discussions-055000176.html,Atos is Entering into Next Phase of Discussions with Airbus to Form a Long-Term Strategic and Technological Partnership and to Sell a Minority Stake in Evidian,Press release Atos is Entering into Next Phase of Discussions with Airbus to Form a Long-Term Strategic and Technological Partnership and to Sell a Minority ...,"Atos InternationalPress releaseAtos is Entering into Next Phase of Discussions with Airbusto Form a Long-Term Strategic and Technological Partnership and to Sell a Minority Stake in EvidianParis  France  February 16  2023 – Atos  a global leader in digital transformation  today announced that it has received an indicative offer from Airbus to enter into a long-term strategic and technological agreement and to acquire a minority stake of 29.9% in Evidian.This proposal is consistent with Atos’ separation plan announced during the June 14  2022  Capital Markets Day.Atos’ Board of Directors has decided to further engage with Airbus  conduct a due-diligence process and negotiate on mutually satisfactory terms on both a long-term strategic and technological partnership and the disposal of the 29.9% stake in Evidian.Atos does not intend to grant any exclusivity to Airbus  and no assurances can be made that the parties will successfully negotiate and enter into a definitive set of agreements. Atos remains committed to examining received indications of interest from partners that can support a major financial and industrial project.A potential long-term strategic and technological agreement with significant sustainable value creationEvidian is a leading digital transformation partner and a leading European player in the big data  cybersecurity and high-performance computing sectors with established and emerging offerings centered around deep expertise and proprietary technology. With Airbus as a potential anchor shareholder and with a long-term strategic and technological agreement  Evidian would strengthen its European leadership and global reach in cloud  advanced computing  digital security and digitalization.The proposed agreement would enable both companies to leverage each of their world-class talents  expertise and customer base to generate cross-selling opportunities and enter into new attractive markets by providing unique sovereign digital solutions from secure cloud to data management and security. In addition  combining Airbus’ capabilities with Evidian’s global leading position in managed security services and supercomputing would create a unique European actor in cybersecurity solutions and in the digitalization of the defense sector  public safety and critical national infrastructure.Story continuesBertrand Meunier  Chairman of the Board of Directors  Atos  stated: ""Airbus’ interest in becoming an anchor shareholder is an acknowledgement of Evidian’s unique capabilities in an increasingly complex digital environment with heightened security challenges. Through this proposed large-scale partnership  we would accelerate Evidian’s industrial project and future growth while ensuring technological sovereignty in France and in Europe in the critical fields of cloud  advanced computing  cybersecurity and digitalization. Atos  including Evidian’s teams  and Airbus have a long history of collaboration and share common values  and  going forward  they would continue to foster innovation and excellence.”Atos confirms that the Group is on track with its strategic transformation project as announced during its Capital Markets Day.Atos will publish its results for the fiscal year 2022 on February 28  2023.###About Evidian“Evidian”  which designs the scope composed of Atos’ digital  big data and security business lines  will be a global leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation. As a new generation digital player with worldwide leading positions in digital  cloud  data  advanced computing and security  it brings deep expertise for all industries in more than 53 countries. By uniting unique high-end technologies across the full digital continuum with 60 000 world-class talents  Evidian expands the possibilities of technologies for enterprises and public authorities  helping them to build their digital future. Evidian is an Atos Group business with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 112 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactsAnette Rey | anette.rey@atos.net | +33 (0)6 69 79 84 88Anne Méaux | ameaux@Image7.fr | +33 (0)6 89 87 61 76Arnaud Dupui-Castérès | arnaud.dupuicasteres@vae-solis.com | +33 (0)6 14 17 97 90Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.19,0.35,True,English,"['Next Phase', 'Long-Term Strategic', 'Technological Partnership', 'Minority Stake', 'Atos', 'Discussions', 'Airbus', 'Evidian', 'Arnaud Dupui-Castérès', 'significant sustainable value creation', 'new generation digital player', 'leading digital transformation partner', 'unique sovereign digital solutions', 'new attractive markets', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'Capital Markets Day', 'leading European player', 'worldwide leading positions', 'Anne Méaux', 'complex digital environment', 'full digital continuum', 'unique European actor', 'critical national infrastructure', 'potential anchor shareholder', 'heightened security challenges', 'security business lines', 'unique high-end technologies', 'high-performance computing sectors', 'potential long-term strategic', 'strategic transformation project', 'Atos’ separation plan', 'digital, big data', 'secure information space', 'Atos Group business', 'unique capabilities', 'digital security', 'decarbonized digital', 'end solutions', 'European leadership', 'critical fields', 'digital future', 'European number', 'industrial project', 'advanced computing', 'Press release', 'Next Phase', 'Technological Partnership', 'indicative offer', 'due-diligence process', 'satisfactory terms', 'definitive set', 'major financial', 'emerging offerings', 'proprietary technology', 'world-class talents', 'customer base', 'cross-selling opportunities', 'data management', 'defense sector', 'public safety', 'Bertrand Meunier', 'large-scale partnership', 'technological sovereignty', 'long history', 'common values', 'fiscal year', 'public authorities', 'annual revenue', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'Press contacts', 'Image7.fr', 'cybersecurity solutions', 'global leader', 'global reach', 'technological agreement', 'Minority Stake', 'security services', 'future growth', 'decarbonization services', 'deep expertise', 'Euronext Paris', 'technological excellence', 'Atos International', 'atos.net', 'Airbus’ capabilities', 'secure cloud', 'Anette Rey', 'Atos’ Board', 'Airbus’ interest', '29.9% stake', 'Discussions', 'Evidian', 'France', 'February', 'proposal', 'June', 'Directors', 'disposal', 'exclusivity', 'assurances', 'parties', 'agreements', 'indications', 'established', 'digitalization', 'companies', 'addition', 'supercomputing', 'Chairman', 'acknowledgement', 'teams', 'collaboration', 'innovation', 'track', 'results', 'scope', 'trusted', 'industries', '53 countries', 'possibilities', 'enterprises', '112,000 employees', 'tailored', '71 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'development', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'ameaux', 'solis', '6']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18630,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000611.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1841 £ 23.9515 Estimated MTD return -0.29 % -0.25 % Estimated YTD return -2.11 % -1.94 % Estimated ITD return 171.84 % 139.52 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.60 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.4336 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.8301The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '60']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18631,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-European-exchanges-collaborate-for-the-provision-of-a-consolidated-tape-in-the-Euro-43002146/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Deutsche Börse : European exchanges collaborate for the provision of a consolidated tape in the European Union,(marketscreener.com)  Release date: 16 Feb 2023| Deutsche Börse   European exchanges collaborate for the provision of a consolidated tape in the European Union        Today  fourteen European exchange groups  present in twenty-six¹ Member States o…,Release date: 16 Feb 2023 | Deutsche BörseToday  fourteen European exchange groups  present in twenty-six¹ Member States of the EU  announced a joint initiative to participate in the future selection process for the provision of a consolidated tape (CT) for equities in the European Union. The project responds to the European Commission's proposal for an equities tape to contribute to the development of the Capital Markets Union.The participating exchanges - cornerstones of financial markets across Europe with decades of experience in operating critical market infrastructure - have signed a term sheet to establish a joint venture that will evaluate and prepare an application as a CT provider in a future selection process. The participants are recognised specialists in supplying reliable and high-quality market data and are well-positioned to deliver a CT quickly  efficiently  and to the highest operational standards.The project will focus on providing a tape designed to provide a comprehensive  standardised and consistent source of market data and will seek to collaborate with regulators to develop the optimal solution for investors.Through this joint venture  the participating exchanges  as key players in the EU's capital markets ecosystem  are reiterating their commitment to fostering the EU's open strategic autonomy.¹ All EU member states except SlovakiaForward-Looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to the formation of a joint venture by the participating exchanges and the potential benefits of the joint venture. We caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties or other factors beyond the control of the joint venture participants. These factors include  but are not limited to factors detailed in a joint venture participant's annual report on Form 10-K and periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  if any. The joint venture participants undertake no obligation to release any revisions to any forward-looking statements.Notes to editorsJoint Venture participants:Athens Stock ExchangeBucharest Stock ExchangeBudapest Stock ExchangeBulgarian Stock ExchangeCyprus Stock ExchangeDeutsche Börse GroupEuronext  incorporating:Borsa ItalianaEuronext AmsterdamEuronext BrusselsEuronext DublinEuronext LisbonEuronext ParisOslo BørsLuxembourg Stock ExchangeMalta Stock ExchangeNasdaq  incorporating:Nasdaq StockholmNasdaq CopenhagenNasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq IcelandNasdaq RigaNasdaq TallinnNasdaq VilniusSIX Group  incorporating:BME ExchangeWarsaw Stock ExchangeWiener Börse  incorporating:Prague Stock ExchangeVienna Stock ExchangeZagreb Stock Exchange  including:Ljubljana Stock ExchangeFor more information on the project  please contact:press@ct-project.euNiels Tomm (Deutsche Boerse)+49 17 23 00 96 40orErik Gruvfors (Nasdaq)+46 73 44 97 812Andrea Monzani (Euronext)+39 33 51 30 98 45,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.2,0.44,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'European exchanges', 'consolidated tape', 'European Union', 'provision', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Budapest Stock Exchange Bulgarian Stock Exchange', 'U.S. Securities', 'fourteen European exchange groups', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'Bucharest Stock Exchange', 'Cyprus Stock Exchange', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Malta Stock Exchange', 'Warsaw Stock Exchange', 'Prague Stock Exchange', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Zagreb Stock Exchange', 'Ljubljana Stock Exchange', 'Wiener Börse', 'Oslo Børs', 'twenty-six¹ Member States', 'highest operational standards', 'open strategic autonomy', 'future selection process', 'critical market infrastructure', 'capital markets ecosystem', 'Capital Markets Union', 'high-quality market data', 'joint venture participant', 'EU member states', 'Exchange Commission', 'BME Exchange', 'European Union', 'SIX Group', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'European Commission', 'financial markets', 'future performance', 'joint initiative', 'Release date', 'participating exchanges', 'term sheet', 'comprehensive, standardised', 'consistent source', 'optimal solution', 'key players', 'press release', 'potential benefits', 'Actual results', 'annual report', 'Form 10-K', 'periodic reports', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Niels Tomm', 'Erik Gruvfors', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'Nasdaq Riga', 'Nasdaq Tallinn', 'Nasdaq Vilnius', 'Forward-Looking statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'Euronext Paris', 'consolidated tape', 'CT provider', 'other factors', 'equities tape', 'participants', 'provision', 'project', 'proposal', 'development', 'cornerstones', 'decades', 'experience', 'operating', 'application', 'specialists', 'reliable', 'regulators', 'investors', 'commitment', 'Slovakia', 'meaning', 'respect', 'formation', 'guarantees', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'Notes', 'editors', '16', '49']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18632,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/valneva-reports-full-2022-revenue-060000694.html,Valneva Reports Full Year 2022 Revenue and Cash  Provides First 2023 Guidance,Total revenues of €361.3 million in 2022 were ahead of previously communicated guidance of €340 million to €360 million1 (compared to €348.1 million in 2021)...,"VALNEVATotal revenues of €361.3 million in 2022 were ahead of previously communicated guidance of €340 million to €360 million1 (compared to €348.1 million in 2021)Driven by Product Sales of €114.8 million (82.3% increase compared to 2021)  including€85.2 million of travel vaccine sales and €29.6 million of COVID-19 vaccine sales€246.5 million of Other Revenues mainly driven by revenue recognition related to previous COVID-19 vaccine supply agreementsStrong cash position of €289.4 million at December 31  2022Raised over €190 million in equity: €102.9 million of gross proceeds from an upsized global offering 2 in a challenging economic environment €90.5 ($95) million equity investment by PfizerIncluded drawing of a total of $40 million from Deerfield & OrbiMed loan agreement3Full year 2023 sales guidance€130 million to €150 million product sales  including marginal COVID-19 vaccine sales under an existing supply agreement with the Kingdom of BahrainSaint-Herblain (France)  February 16  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) a specialty vaccine company  today reported its revenue and cash balance for the full year 2022 and provided first full year 2023 sales guidance. The Company will report its 2022 audited consolidated financial statements on March 23  2023.Peter Bühler  Valneva’s Chief Financial Officer  commented  “In 2022  Valneva successfully executed on key strategic objectives despite a difficult economic environment. After achieving clinical and regulatory success  we decided to wind-down our COVID-19 activities and focus on our lead programs. We were agile in reactivating production of our commercial vaccines to capitalize on the travel industry recovery. We also managed to strengthen our cash and our shareholder base  attracting leading investors and maintaining the support of our existing shareholders. With close to €290 million in cash  we entered 2023 in a strong position to support expected commercial growth and R&D programs.”Story continuesRevenuesValneva’s total revenues were €361.3 million in 2022 compared to €348.1 million in 2021  an increase of 3.8%.Valneva’s total product sales reached €114.8 million in 2022 compared to €63.0 million in 2021  an increase of 82.3%. This was driven by a continued recovery of travel vaccine sales that surpassed expectations (€85.2 million vs. guidance of €70 to €80 million) complemented by COVID-19 vaccine sales in Europe and Bahrain (€29.6 million). On a constant exchange rate (CER) basis  product sales increased by 66.7% in 2022 as compared to 2021.IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales were €41.3 million in 2022 compared to €45.1 million in 2021  a decrease of 8.4% (18.6% at CER)  driven by lower sales to the U.S. Department of Defense. This decrease was partly offset by the significant recovery of the private travel markets  with IXIARO®/JESPECT® private sales reaching €28.8 million in 2022 compared to €7.1 million in 2021.DUKORAL® sales were €17.3 million in 2022 compared to €2.4 million in 2021  an increase of 610.3% (629.2% at CER)  also benefitting from the significant recovery in the private travel markets.Third Party product sales grew to €26.5 million in 2022 compared to €15.4 million in 2021  an increase of 72.1%.Other Revenues  including revenues from collaborations  licensing and services  amounted to €246.5 million in 2022 compared to €285.1 million in 2021. These were mainly driven by revenue recognition related to previous COVID-19 vaccine supply agreements.LiquidityCash and cash equivalents were €289.4 million as of December 31  2022  compared to €346.7 million as of December 31  2021. This included €102.9 million of gross proceeds from an upsized global offering completed in October 2022  €90.5 ($95) million from an equity investment by Pfizer completed in June 2022 as well as drawing of a total of $40 million from the Deerfield & OrbiMed loan agreement.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against Lyme disease and the chikungunya virus.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to expected total revenues and product sales for full fiscal year 2023. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection  the cancellation of existing contracts  including but not limited to the HMG Supply Agreement  and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the occurrence of any of which could substantially harm Valneva’s business  financial condition  prospects and results of operations. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Reports Nine-Month 2022 Results and Provides Corporate Updates - Valneva2 Valneva Announces Closing of Upsized €102.9 Million Global Offering - Valneva3 Valneva Announces Upsized Financing Arrangement with Leading US Healthcare Funds Deerfield and OrbiMed - ValnevaAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.24,0.54,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 Revenue', 'First 2023 Guidance', 'Valneva', 'Cash', 'previous COVID-19 vaccine supply agreements', 'first full year 2023 sales guidance', 'significant unmet medical need', '2022 audited consolidated financial statements', 'marginal COVID-19 vaccine sales', 'Third Party product sales', 'IXIARO®/JESPECT® private sales', 'IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales', 'existing supply agreement', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'private travel markets', 'travel vaccine sales', 'challenging economic environment', 'OrbiMed loan agreement3', 'Peter Bühler', 'key strategic objectives', 'difficult economic environment', 'constant exchange rate', 'U.S. Department', 'full fiscal year', 'specialty vaccine company', 'European Investor Relations', '150 million product sales', 'travel industry recovery', 'Global Investor Relations', 'R&D programs', 'upsized global offering', 'million equity investment', 'total product sales', 'Strong cash position', 'COVID-19 activities', 'vaccine science', 'strong position', 'lower sales', 'DUKORAL® sales', 'significant recovery', 'vaccine development', 'vaccine candidates', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'The Company', 'lead programs', 'existing shareholders', 'Global Communications', 'Ph.D.', 'continued recovery', 'gross proceeds', 'Euronext Paris', 'regulatory success', 'commercial vaccines', 'shareholder base', 'leading investors', 'commercial growth', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'three vaccines', 'broad range', 'Lyme disease', 'chikungunya virus', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Joshua Drumm', 'press release', 'Valneva Investor', 'Other Revenues', 'revenue recognition', 'cash balance', 'cash equivalents', 'Total revenues', 'infectious diseases', 'CER) basis', 'Valneva SE', '82.3% increase', 'December', 'Pfizer', 'drawing', 'Deerfield', 'Kingdom', 'Bahrain', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'February', 'VLA', 'March', 'clinical', 'production', 'support', 'Story', 'expectations', 'decrease', 'Defense', 'collaborations', 'licensing', 'services', 'Liquidity', 'October', 'June', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'VP', 'business', 'respect', 'add', '95', '€']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18633,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVS-BROADCAST-EQUIPMENT-S-5999/news/EVS-Broadcast-Equipment-The-press-release-43011063/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,EVS Broadcast Equipment : The press release,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Publication on February 17  2023  before market opening   Regulated information - Press release annual results   EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels   Bloomberg   Reuters    EVS reports 2022 res…,"EVS Broadcast Equipment : The press release 02/16/2023 | 02:19pm EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields PRESS RELEASE Publication on February 17  2023  before market opening Regulated information - Press release annual results EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR) EVS reports 2022 results Liège  Belgium  February 17th  2023 EVS delivers record revenue and order intake results The results of 2022 are entirely supporting the growth ambitions of EVS. All the fundamentals for topline performance are strong: EVS realizes a record-high order intake and achieves a historical revenue number  despite the increased delivery terms in 2022. EVS is able to demonstrate a strong net profit result and as a consequence  realizes a solid Earnings Per Share. FY22 Highlights Record order intake at EUR 218 8 million  growing 46 5% YoY.Revenue performance in line with expectations at EUR 148 2 million  growing 7 7% vs. FY21 despite increased delivery terms announced early 2022 and despite reduced Big Event Rental (BER) activity. The growth is realized through strong growth in North America and in the MediaInfra solution.Controlled OPEX growth  in line with market expectations.Healthy net profit at EUR 31 3 million driven by a strong financial income performance and a one-off benefit in taxes  resulting in fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2 29. 2H22 Highlights Record order intake of EUR 130 1 million (including Big Tech 2022 contract).Revenue for the second half of 2022 at EUR 80 5 million  growing 6 1% compared to the same period last year. o Big Event Rental revenue at EUR 4 2 million  down EUR 4 9 million compared to 2H21.o Revenue excluding Big Event Rental at EUR 76 3 million  growing EUR 9 5 million.Big Event Rental revenue at EUR 4 2 million  down EUR 4 9 million compared to 2H21. Revenue excluding Big Event Rental at EUR 76 3 million  growing EUR 9 5 million. Net profit amounts to EUR 15 9 million  leading to fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 1 14. Outlook 2023 The important order intake of 2022 has considerably fueled the order book to be delivered in future periods. The total order book at the end of 2022 is of EUR 141 8 million  growing 122% compared to last year.o The order book reserved for 2023 is estimated at EUR 85 9 million  growing 68 4% compared to beginning of the year 2022.The order book reserved for 2023 is estimated at EUR 85 9 million  growing 68 4% compared to beginning of the year 2022. Based on the order book and current market dynamics  the revenue guidance for the year 2023 is set at EUR 145-155 million.The revenue range demonstrates the ambition of EVS to continue the organic growth  in a year with no Big Event Rental revenue.145-155 million.The revenue range demonstrates the ambition of EVS to continue the organic growth  in a year with no Big Event Rental revenue. With the growth engine launched  the focus in 2023 for EVS will be on profitable growth.EVS plans no further growth in team members nor do we expect an increase in our capital expenditure envelope.We expect to pay out dividends in 2023 in line with our dividend policy  namely a base dividend per share of EUR 1 10. 1 / 23 PRESS RELEASE Key figures EUR millions  except earnings per share expressed in EUR 2H22 2H21 Variance FY22 FY21 Variance Revenue 80 5 75 8 4 7 148 2 137 6 10 6 Gross profit 53 0 53 2 -0 2 98 8 95 8 3 0 Gross margin % 65 8% 70 3% -4 5 Pts 66 7% 69 6% -2 9 Pts Operating profit - EBIT 16 0 21 7 -5 7 31 7 37 1 -5 4 Operating margin - EBIT % 19 9% 28 6% -8 7 Pts 21 4% 27 0% -5 6 Pts Net profit (Group share) 15 9 19 3 -3 5 31 3 34 9 -3 6 Fully diluted EPS (Group share) 1 14 1 42 -0 28 2 29 2 57 -0 28 Comments Serge Van Herck  CEO comments: ""I'm proud to say that 2022 was again quite a successful year for EVS. Our PlayForward strategy  as defined at the end of 2019  is starting to deliver the expected growth momentum. In 2022  we had a second record year in a row  with strong growth in revenues  order intake  and team member size. We showed significant growth in North America  announced our largest contract ever in August with the ""Big Tech 22 contract"" worth over 50MioUSD  and successfully fought against inflation and component shortages throughout the year. We feel we are winning market share in our Live Audience Business and protecting our position in the Live Service Providers markets. We successfully supported many of our customers in delivering the live TV production of major sports events in Asia  the Middle East  and North America. The growth of our team is clearly unlocking our sustainable growth ambitions. Our strong employer branding has enabled us to successfully hire strong talent across the world. Our team member engagement survey shows again further improvements compared to the years before  resulting in our recent ""Top Employer"" certification. We are making good progress in our vision of developing a strong ecosystem relying on our VIA platform as we are successfully moving from product to solution sales. Our introduction of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in XtraMotion is a revolution in the industry and it represents a major differentiator. The Axon acquisition in May 2020 has translated into our Media Infrastructure revenue growth and positively contributes to our bottom line  demonstrating our capability to execute successfully large acquisitions. We have also launched our new ERP and upgraded our VIA Portal applications such as our customer ticketing system to support our long-term growth ambitions. In line with our commitments  we continued to deliver strong dividends for our shareholders. Our sustainability strategy has started to deliver strong results aligned with our customer's expectations  and resulting in good ESG ratings like the Ecovadis Silver medal. We completed our first carbon footprint analysis: this will be a critical management tool for taking the right sustainability decisions in the future. In conclusion  our PlayForward strategy  is clearly being appreciated by our customers and channel partners. This is helping us to get back into growth mode. While economic market conditions remain very challenging with high inflation  2 / 23 PRESS RELEASE component shortages and with the war in Ukraine  we feel that our customers increasingly appreciate the reliability  performance and innovative edge of our solutions and services. Our ambition for the next years is to continue to deliver growth on both our top and bottomline. We are convinced that by focusing on cost control we will be able to deliver upon this promise."" Commenting on the results and the outlook  Veerle De Wit  CFO  said: ""Our 2022 revenue results clearly demonstrate our ability to achieve organic growth. Even despite increased delivery terms  announced early 2022  and with a declining Big Event Rental revenue  we are able to realize a strong top line performance. All indicators lead us to conclude that this organic growth is here to stay: the revenue performance  together with the strong secured revenue position for 2023  are a solid basis to continue our growth path. Being a company in growth mode  means that the necessary resources need to be invested to support this growth: 2022 has been a year where we invested in additional resources  in new product developments  and in the back-bone of our operations. This backbone  a globally released new ERP system  has allowed us to optimize our processes and refine our cost control. As a result  the granularity of our reporting is improving  which has led to a decision to write off EUR 0 7 million of Bill of Material costs in 4Q22. Our operational expenses grew in a controlled way. Control over our spending patterns remains an attention point for 2023  especially in the current volatile market. Thanks to sound treasury management and tax benefits  we are able to generate a strong Net Profit worth EUR 31 3 million  driving a diluted Earnings Per Share of EUR 2 29. Our balance sheet also remains healthy with a very low debt level and a sound cash position. Our cash position is declining throughout 2022  as a consequence of high dividends paid  and as a consequence on increased Net Working Capital requirements. The impact on Net Working Capital is temporary: the implementation of the new ERP system has created a delay in invoicing in the fourth quarter - the quarter with the highest volume - resulting in a large volume of receivables not due at the end of 2022. This is a temporary effect  that will normalize early in 2023  as soon as the invoices become due. Based on the strong results for the year 2022  we are able to maintain our dividend policy defined earlier in 2022."" Market & customers The record high numbers in terms of revenues  order intake and order book translate the market traction that EVS is living. Our main growth drivers are North America and Media Infrastructure. The performance of our MediaInfra solution clearly demonstrates the power of our acquisition strategy. It is the fruit of our investment in Axon in 2020  and this acquisition demonstrates its return on investment 2 years later. The high order intake is also thanks to our biggest contract signed in the history of EVS: our Big Tech 2022. This contract proved an exceptional milestone in the history of EVS. This contract is a 10-year agreement that covers the delivery of EVS' live production  replay and highlight solutions LiveCeption®  combined with a long-term services level agreement. The contract provides our US based customer access to the latest technology innovations for the next 10 years  a full upgrade of its installed base  a predictable operational spend and an ease of operations. 2022 was a year with important Big Events  that EVS was able to support successfully. New solutions  like MediaHub and MediaInfra Strada  were introduced in our Big Event Rental business with success. Market conditions have been challenging throughout the year  with volatile interest rates  inflation and a continued erratic components market. This volatile market has urged EVS to implement a systemic price increase policy. Twice a year the sales prices are evaluated based on the underlying cost for components and inflation of labour cost. EVS has introduced 2 price increases in 2022: a first one in February 2022  and a second one in September 2022. The price increase policy aims to guarantee the overall profitability of the solutions of EVS. The erratic components market also forced EVS to extend its delivery periods early 2022 and to change the supply chain approach. However  as most components suffer longer lead-times  EVS has pro-actively invested in inventory to ensure these delivery terms are met. 3 / 23 PRESS RELEASE EVS has received many awards in 2022  and this for different business dimensions. Ranging from technology awards (Neuron Protect Best of Show Award at the NAB Show)  to Wallonia International Business Awards  to IABM Environmental Sustainability award  to Top Employer Certification 2023. Three years after the PLAYForward strategic exercise that has moved the focus from products to solutions  we can confidently say that this solution driven approach is highly appreciated by our customers and contributes to the differentiation reflected in the order book. Technologies During 2022  new generation of AI products did surface on the market. EVS continues to invest in the development of specific machine learning algorithms for broadcast specific components and also integrates in parallel existing AI technologies or libraries inside the solution portfolio or the workflows deployed for our customers. EVS also further developed and evangelized this year the concept of ""Balanced computing"" as the best distribution of the computing workload between on-prem  datacenter and public cloud based on the economic benefits and the technical constraints for a specific workflow. This concept has been well received by the market where some players start to discover the limitations in terms of feature and the significant impact on Total Cost of Ownership for the production of premium events. EVS also currently invests in the development of important solution components that will be later embraced in the different solutions. Thanks to the capability to track the benefits brought by these components in the future  these developments are activated. These developments will contribute to the future sustainable growth of EVS. Corporate topics 2022 marks the moment where the Axon acquisition really starts to pay off for EVS. The initial assumptions made in terms of greographical expansion of the market are becoming a reality. Also the developments made to ensure end-to- end integration with EVS products demonstrate the complementarity of this company within the EVS portfolio. It comforts us in our Acquisition strategy and our ability to integrate companies. One of the axes of the PLAYforward strategy is improving our internal way of working. As a company we want to ensure that we have efficient processes in place that promote end-to-end collabration across all our departments. Having an efficient operational back-bone is important in that context. In October 2022  EVS launched a new global ERP system to ensure optimimal functioning of our company. The launch was a success and did not cause any major business interruption: shipping  production and support were active as of day 1. We now have a solid base to continously optimize our processes and ensure an optimal team member and customer experience. Speaking about improved processes  2022 is also the year where we first implemented a systemic listprice adjustment. The market conditions require a clear methodology to offset the impact of rising component prices and increasing inflation over labour costs. EVS now evaluates the need for price adjustments twice a year to protect the margin generation of the company. 2022 is also the year where we continue to expand our sustainability efforts in terms of ESG. After a first hollistic report published in 2021  we continue to structure our efforts in terms of sustainability. Our current ESG strategy and reporting has already received postive feedback from the market: we received a silver medal from Ecovadis  obtained encouriging score from other rating companies and recently obtained the certification of Top Employer for 2023. By the end of 2022  we also realized our first EVS Carbon Footprint analysis: it provides us not only insight on our direct and indirect CO2 emissions  but most importantly  helps us to define our roadmap to reduce our carbon footprint in the future. EVS also reinvented the way it collaborates with its channel partners. A structured channel partner program has been developed  focused on sustainable relationships with partners more than on opportunistic market responses  starting to develop certification paths and clear objectives. This program allows EVS to reach a broader set of clients and even penetrate new markets. Being a company in growth mode  EVS further invested in additional team members. Additional resources were primarily allocated to support and operations roles  as to fuel our future growth  and some research and development resources  4 / 23 PRESS RELEASE as to staff some important developments ensuring future growth. Thanks to a strong employer branding  EVS was able to attract this high number of talents in a relatively short time frame. Also to support our future growth ambition  EVS further strengthened its leadership team  early 2022. A new CTO  Alex Redfern  was welcomed and Xavier Orri was named EVP of Projects & Operations. Revenue in 2H22 and FY22 In 2H22  EVS revenue reached EUR 80 5 million: an increase of EUR 4 7 million or 6 2% compared to 2H21  despite a drop of EUR 4 2 million on Big Event Rentals. At constant currency  revenue decreased by 1.6% YoY. Revenue - EUR millions 2H22 2H21 2H22/2H21 Total reported 80 5 75 8 6 0% Total at constant currency 74 7 75 8 -1.6% Total at constant currency and excluding big event rentals 70 5 66 8 5.6% For the full year 2022  EVS revenue reached EUR 148 2 million: an increase of EUR 10 6 million or 7 7% compared to 2021  despite a drop of EUR 3 7 million on Big Event Rentals and despite an increased delivery term announced early 2022. This performance demonstrates the organic growth realized in 2022. At constant currency  revenue increased by 3 5% YoY. Revenue - EUR millions FY22 FY21 FY22/FY21 Total reported 148 158 137 578 7 7% Total at constant currency 142 382 137 578 3.5% Total at constant currency and excluding big event rentals 132 532 124 044 6.8% Currency fluctuations primarily impact EVS revenues by the EUR/USD conversion  which can have a significant impact on our results even if EUR/USD fluctuations also impact the cost of our US operations and partially our cost of goods sold. In the second half of the year  (excl. Big Event Rentals) LSP represented 40% (31% in 2H21) of the revenue  LAB 55% (57% in 2H21). Geographically  revenues (excl. Big Event Rentals) are distributed in 2H22 as follows: Europe  Middle East and Africa (EMEA): EUR 39 1 million (EUR 31 7 million in 2H21)EUR 39 1 million (EUR 31 7 million in 2H21) Americas (NALA): EUR 25 9 million (EUR 21 7 million in 2H21)EUR 25 9 million (EUR 21 7 million in 2H21) Asia & Pacific (APAC): EUR 11 3 million (EUR 13 4 million in 2H21)  impacted by the slowdown in the region following COVID implications (primarily in China). The order intake for APAC in 2H22 do recomfort us that this trend can be reversed. Overall 2022 results Consolidated gross margin was at 66 7% for FY22  compared to 69 6% in FY21 (-2 9 Pts) explained by different drivers: Important investments in the operations & support department to ensure we continue to deliver quality support all over the world  in line with our growth patterns (representing -1 4 Pts)-1 4 Pts) Impact of the change in solution mix is representing -1.1 Pts following the relative weight of Media Infrastructure in the overall portfolio. 5 / 23 This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer EVS Broadcast Equipment SA published this content on 17 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 16 February 2023 19:18:08 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about EVS BROADCAST EQUIPMENT SA 12:31a Evs reports 2022 results GL 12:30a EVS Broadcast Equipment SA Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31.. CI 02/16 Evs Broadcast Equipment : The press release PU 02/02 Evs Full Year 2022 Results to be Announced on Friday 17 February 2023 GL 02/02 Evs Full Year 2022 Results to be Announced on Friday 17 February 2023 AQ 02/02 Evs Broadcast Equipment : The conference call details PU 2022 LucidLink and EVS Partner to Cloud Enable Live Sports  Entertainment  and Breaking News.. CI 2022 Evs Broadcast Equipment : launches IPD-VIA Create web-based editing application PU 2022 Evs Broadcast Equipment : ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE trusts EVS for live production  replays .. PU 2022 EVS BROADCAST EQUIPMENT SA : Ex-dividend day for interim divi.. FA",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.23,0.13,True,English,"['EVS Broadcast Equipment', 'press release', '2H21 Variance FY22 FY21 Variance Revenue', 'Big Event Rental (BER) activity', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.', 'recent ""Top Employer"" certification', 'Live Service Providers markets', 'Big Event Rental revenue', 'team member engagement survey', 'strong financial income performance', 'strong net profit result', 'Live Audience Business', 'live TV production', 'Big Tech 2022 contract', 'Big Tech 22 contract', 'strong employer branding', 'multiple email addresses', 'capital expenditure envelope', 'Serge Van Herck', 'team member size', 'major sports events', 'historical revenue number', 'record-high order intake', 'important order intake', 'Healthy net profit', 'current market dynamics', 'Record order intake', 'total order book', 'PRESS RELEASE Publication', 'sustainable growth ambitions', 'order intake results', 'second record year', 'record revenue', 'Revenue performance', 'revenue guidance', 'revenue range', 'strong talent', 'strong ecosystem', 'topline performance', 'largest contract', 'strong growth', 'second half', 'team members', '23 PRESS RELEASE', '10,6 Gross profit', 'Operating profit', 'market opening', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'Liège', 'delivery terms', 'North America', 'MediaInfra solution', 'one-off benefit', 'same period', 'future periods', 'base dividend', 'Key figures', '3,0 Gross margin', 'Operating margin', 'PlayForward strategy', 'component shortages', 'Middle East', 'good progress', 'OPEX growth', 'organic growth', 'growth engine', 'profitable growth', 'growth momentum', 'significant growth', 'annual results', 'market expectations', 'market share', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'First name', '2H22 Highlights', 'CEO comments', 'last year', 'successful year', 'Group share', 'solid Earnings', '2022 results', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'February', 'information', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'fundamentals', 'consequence', 'taxes', 'Outlook', 'beginning', 'focus', 'increase', 'dividends', 'policy', 'Pts', 'EBIT', 'EPS', 'revenues', 'August', '50MioUSD', 'inflation', 'position', 'customers', 'Asia', 'world', 'improvements', 'years', 'vision', 'VIA']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18634,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/deezer-enters-long-term-partnership-with-sonos-to-power-content-for-sonos-radio-worldwide-301748658.html,Deezer enters long-term partnership with Sonos to power content for Sonos Radio worldwide,Deezer will deliver key services for the Sonos music experience while supporting continued innovation. PARIS  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Deezer (Paris Euronext: DEEZR) today announced a long-term partnership with Sonos to power the brand's streaming radio …,"Deezer will deliver key services for the Sonos music experience while supporting continued innovation.PARIS  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Deezer (Paris Euronext: DEEZR) today announced a long-term partnership with Sonos to power the brand's streaming radio service Sonos Radio and its subscription service Sonos Radio HD  delivering an expansive catalog of music that's curated for Sonos customers. The collaboration aligns with Deezer's strategy of focusing on partnership-led expansion to deliver growth opportunities in the US and other markets globally.Deezer enters long-term partnership with Sonos to power content for Sonos Radio worldwide""This is the start of a very exciting journey for Deezer and Sonos. Through this partnership Deezer can reach new listeners in major markets around the world  including the US."" said Jeronimo Folgueira  CEO  Deezer. ""Sonos has revolutionized the way we enjoy music and audio in our homes  with exceptional multi-room speakers  fantastic sound quality and thoughtfully curated Sonos Radio services. We can't wait to play a key role in expanding this great customer offering.""Beginning April 2023  Deezer will deliver key services for Sonos Radio and Sonos Radio HD  including a catalog of 90 million tracks  metadata  licensing  reporting & royalty management  business intelligence & data  as well as strategic collaboration for growth and monetization of the service. Deezer and Sonos will deliver services to 16 countries worldwide  including the US  Canada  the UK  France and Germany. In addition  Deezer will support ongoing innovation to develop and expand the Sonos music experience  exploring new ways to give listeners around the world an easy way to discover music and soundtrack their day.""Delivering a best in class branded content experience for our customers is an essential part of our long-term growth strategy and Deezer continues to be an excellent partner for supporting our ambitious goals to help the world listen better "" said Patrick Spence  CEO at Sonos. ""As a pioneer in music streaming  Deezer has a proven track record in developing and growing a music service globally and I look forward to working together to improve the overall listening experience for our customers.""With a highly competitive product  disruptive innovation and features  as well as undisputed editorial and music industry expertise  Deezer puts partnerships at the heart of its market expansion strategy  supporting more than 45 partners and 80 hardware integrations worldwide.Deezer has continuously collaborated with Sonos as a key innovation partner  launching an early HiFi offer and most recently providing seamless integration with Sonos Voice Control . The Deezer experience on Sonos includes an easy-to-use interface with unique Deezer features such as Flow  an AI based recommendation engine which lets the listener choose music based on moods.About DeezerDeezer is one of the largest independent music streaming platforms in the world  with more than 90 million tracks available in 180 countries  providing access to lossless HiFi audio  innovative recommendation technology and industry defining features. As the home of music  Deezer brings artists and fans together on a scalable and global platform  to unlock the full potential of music through technology. Founded in 2007 in Paris  Deezer is now a global company with a team of over 600 people based in France  Germany  UK  Brazil and the US  all brought together by their passion for music  technology and innovation. Deezer is listed on the Professional Segment of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DEEZR) (ISIN: FR001400AYG6) and is also part of the newly-created Euronext Tech Leaders segment  dedicated to European high-growth tech companies  and its associated index.For the latest news on Deezer go to https://www.deezer-blog.com/press/ .Follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn for the latest news.Photo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2004017/Deezer_Sonos_partnership.jpgLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1853552/Deezer_Logo.jpgSOURCE Deezer",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['long-term partnership', 'Sonos Radio', 'Deezer', 'content', 'largest independent music streaming platforms', 'European high-growth tech companies', 'class branded content experience', 'Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'overall listening experience', 'exceptional multi-room speakers', 'fantastic sound quality', 'great customer offering', 'proven track record', 'early HiFi offer', 'industry defining features', 'lossless HiFi audio', 'music industry expertise', 'streaming radio service', 'market expansion strategy', 'Sonos Voice Control', 'The Deezer experience', 'Sonos Radio HD', 'innovative recommendation technology', 'Sonos music experience', 'key innovation partner', 'long-term growth strategy', 'unique Deezer features', 'Sonos Radio services', 'Professional Segment', 'partnership-led expansion', 'excellent partner', 'recommendation engine', 'key services', 'key role', 'Paris Euronext', 'Euronext Paris', 'continued innovation', 'long-term partnership', 'subscription service', 'growth opportunities', 'other markets', 'exciting journey', 'major markets', 'Jeronimo Folgueira', '90 million tracks', 'royalty management', 'business intelligence', 'ongoing innovation', 'new ways', 'ambitious goals', 'Patrick Spence', 'competitive product', 'disruptive innovation', 'undisputed editorial', '80 hardware integrations', 'seamless integration', 'global platform', 'full potential', 'global company', 'associated index', 'latest news', 'music service', 'expansive catalog', 'new listeners', 'strategic collaboration', 'easy way', 'essential part', 'SOURCE Deezer', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'DEEZR', 'customers', 'start', 'world', 'CEO', 'homes', 'April', 'metadata', 'licensing', 'reporting', 'monetization', '16 countries', 'Canada', 'UK', 'France', 'Germany', 'addition', 'day', 'pioneer', 'partnerships', 'heart', '45 partners', 'interface', 'Flow', 'AI', 'moods', '180 countries', 'access', 'artists', 'fans', 'scalable', 'team', '600 people', 'Brazil', 'passion', 'Ticker', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Photo', 'Deezer_Sonos_partnership', 'Logo']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,prnewswire.co.uk
18635,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DIGITAL360-S-P-A-35787125/news/DIGITAL360-integration-financial-calendar-year-2023-43009600/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,DIGITAL360: integration financial calendar year 2023,(marketscreener.com)    Press release   DIGITAL360: INTEGRATION FINANCIAL CALENDAR YEAR 2023   MILAN  14 February 2023 - Digital360 S.p.A. Società Benefit Company   an Innovative SME listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  announces that with ref…,"MILAN  14 February 2023 - Digital360 S.p.A. Società Benefit Company (""Digital360"" or the ""Company"")  an Innovative SME listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  announces that with reference to the financial calendar communicated to the market on 23 January last  the same must be considered integrated  for the month of February  as follows:Event to present to investors  shareholders and analysts the results achieved as at 31 December 2022BoD - Approval of the Draft Financial Statements as at 31 December 2022 and the Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 December 20225 May 2023 Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting - Second call Approval of Financial Statements to 31 December 2022 25 September 2023 BoD - Approval of the Consolidated Half-Year Financial Report as at 30 June 202327 September to 7 October Event to present to investors  shareholders and analysts the results achieved2023 as at 30 June 2023Any changes will be promptly disclosed to the market.***This press release is available on the Company's website at www.digital360.it.***DIGITAL360DIGITAL360  a companỳ Benefit listed on the Euronext Growth Milan Market of the Italian Stock Exchange  has the objective of accompanying companies and public administrations in understanding and implementing digital transformation and favouring their encounter with the best technology suppliers. DIGITAL360 pursues this objective through two business units: one  called ""Demand Generation"" supports technology companies (vendors  software houses  system integrators  start-ups  etc.) iǹ communication activities  storytelling  event management  and generation of business opportunities̀; the other  called ""Advisory & Coaching"" is aimed at all companies and public administrations wishing to undertake any digital transformation path. NetworkDIGITAL360  transversal to both Business Units  is the largest network of online publications dedicated to all topics of Digital Innovation. DIGITAL360 integrates a multidisciplinary and multicultural mix of professionalism̀ and skills thanks to analysts  journalists  consultants and experts in the digital world  united by a great passion and mission: digital innovation as an engine for the growth and modernisation of our country. For further information: www.digital360.it",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['integration financial calendar year', 'DIGITAL360', 'Digital360 S.p.A. Società Benefit Company', 'Consolidated Half-Year Financial Report', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'best technology suppliers', 'Draft Financial Statements', 'two business units', 'digital transformation path', ""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'financial calendar', 'business opportunities', 'Digital Innovation', 'digital world', 'Innovative SME', 'Second call', 'press release', 'public administrations', 'software houses', 'system integrators', 'communication activities', 'largest network', 'online publications', 'multicultural mix', 'great passion', 'technology companies', '7 October Event', 'event management', '14 February', 'reference', '23 January', 'month', 'investors', 'analysts', 'results', '31 December', 'BoD', 'Approval', '5 May', '25 September', '30 June', '27 September', 'changes', 'website', 'objective', 'encounter', 'vendors', 'start-ups', 'storytelling', 'generation', 'NetworkDIGITAL360', 'topics', 'multidisciplinary', 'professionalism̀', 'skills', 'journalists', 'consultants', 'experts', 'mission', 'engine', 'modernisation', 'country', 'information']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18636,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/state-set-for-windfall-as-malin-proposes-major-capital-distribution-42344971.html,State set for windfall as Malin proposes major capital distribution,State-backed life sciences investment firm Malin is proposing to return up to €140m to shareholders in its biggest capital distribution since listing on the Irish Stock Exchange in 2015.,The State is set for another cash windfall from its investment in life sciences investment firm Malin after the company proposed to return up to €140m to shareholders via a tender offer.The company announced on Thursday that it would buy back shares for €9.30 per share  subject to shareholder approval at an extraordinary general meeting on March 10  in its biggest capital distribution since listing on the Irish Stock Exchange in 2015.The Irish Strategic Investment Fund (ISIF)  which holds an 11.32pc stake in Malin  will receive €15.85m if it takes up its full allotment in the transaction  although shareholders are not required to tender any of their shares.The stock rose 3.74pc on the day  making it the top performer on Euronext Dublin.The tender offer represents a premium of 24.7pc to Malin’s share price and offers investors a long-awaited payoff on a stock that has languished below the company’s intrinsic value for years.It is the second such buyback in less than two years after a similar €80m deal announced in November 2021.The capital return is being largely funded out of the proceeds from Malin’s December divestment of its 7pc stake in Immunocore  a biotech company that listed on the Nasdaq in February 2021.The liquidation of that position after a 90pc gain raised €145m  while the company also had inflows of €21m in 2022 from investee companies Kymab and Viamet.Malin will be left with €33m in cash if the full offer is taken up  which the board said is sufficient to exploit future investment opportunities.The March buyback would bring the total capital return to Malin shareholders to €235m  including on-market buybacks of €15m. Malin’s market capitalisation is €255m.The confirmation of another major payout this year makes good on a promise Malin CEO Darragh Lyons made to investors in December 2020 to monetise its holdings and distribute “significant cash” to investors.ISIF  the State’s sovereign wealth fund  is the fourth-largest investor in Malin after investing in the company’s €330m initial public offering (IPO) in 2015. It has collected approximately €12m out of Malin’s earlier capital distributions.The company put the intrinsic value of the business at €317.3m in its annual results. Mr Lyons said Malin had realised €325m in proceeds from its investments.“The focus of our business strategy over the past few years has been to protect and enhance the value of our positions in our investee companies while these businesses worked towards reaching important business milestones ” he said. “The achievement of these milestones by our investee companies has catalysed value realisation opportunities for Malin.”Malin’s updated intrinsic value of €10.07 per share was 35pc higher than its closing price on Wednesday. That value is split roughly evenly between cash and investments  including an €85m stake in Poseida and a €50m holding in Viamet.Davy calculated that the tender offer would increase the intrinsic value per share by 6pc  by reducing the share count by more than nominal asset value.,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.68,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['major capital distribution', 'State', 'windfall', 'Malin', 'The Irish Strategic Investment Fund', '€330m initial public offering', 'life sciences investment firm', 'Malin CEO Darragh Lyons', 'sovereign wealth fund', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'similar €80m deal', 'biggest capital distribution', 'future investment opportunities', 'earlier capital distributions', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'total capital return', 'nominal asset value', 'The March buyback', 'important business milestones', 'Mr Lyons', 'The State', 'realisation opportunities', 'tender offer', 'shareholder approval', '11.32pc stake', 'full allotment', 'top performer', 'Euronext Dublin', '7pc stake', '90pc gain', 'investee companies', 'full offer', 'market buybacks', 'market capitalisation', 'major payout', 'largest investor', 'annual results', 'business strategy', 'closing price', '€85m stake', '€50m holding', 'intrinsic value', 'cash windfall', 'December divestment', 'significant cash', 'share price', 'share count', 'two years', 'biotech company', 'Malin shareholders', 'Thursday', 'shares', 'listing', 'ISIF', 'transaction', 'premium', 'investors', 'payoff', 'less', 'November', 'proceeds', 'Immunocore', 'Nasdaq', 'February', 'liquidation', 'position', 'inflows', 'Kymab', 'Viamet', 'board', 'confirmation', 'promise', 'holdings', 'fourth', 'IPO', 'investments', 'focus', 'past', 'businesses', 'achievement', 'Wednesday', 'Poseida', 'Davy', '6pc']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,independent.ie
18637,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/BenevolentAI-Notice-of-Preliminary-Results-43000985/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,BenevolentAI: Notice of Preliminary Results,(marketscreener.com) BenevolentAI   a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery company  will announce its preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2022 on Thursday  16 March 2023.Management will host an in-person briefing for analysts at…,BenevolentAI (“BenevolentAI” or the “Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery company  will announce its preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2022 on Thursday  16 March 2023.Management will host an in-person briefing for analysts at 09:30 GMT on the day of the results at the offices of FTI Consulting (200 Aldersgate  Aldersgate Street  London EC1A 4HD). The event will also be accessible via webcast and a recording of the presentation will be made available on the Company’s website shortly afterwards.To register your interest in attending either in person or virtually  please contact FTI Consulting at BenevolentAI@fticonsulting.com or +44 (0) 20 3727 1000.About BenevolentAIBenevolentAI (AMS: BAI) is a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery and development company listed on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange. Through the combined capabilities of this AI platform  its scientific expertise  and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to deliver novel drug candidates with a higher probability of clinical success than those developed using traditional methods. The Benevolent Platform™ powers the Company’s in-house drug pipeline and supports successful collaborations with AstraZeneca  as well as leading research and charitable institutions.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230215005920/en/,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Preliminary Results', 'BenevolentAI', 'Notice', 'leading, clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery company', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'novel drug candidates', 'house drug pipeline', 'View source version', 'The Benevolent Platform™', 'leading research', 'AI platform', 'development company', 'FTI Consulting', 'London EC1A', 'combined capabilities', 'scientific expertise', 'wet-lab facilities', 'higher probability', 'clinical success', 'traditional methods', 'successful collaborations', 'charitable institutions', 'preliminary results', 'person briefing', 'Aldersgate Street', '200 Aldersgate', 'BenevolentAI', 'BAI', 'year', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Management', 'analysts', '09:30 GMT', 'offices', 'event', 'webcast', 'recording', 'presentation', 'website', 'interest', 'AstraZeneca', 'businesswire']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18638,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENVIPCO-HOLDING-N-V-46512764/news/Envipco-N-Fourth-Quarter-2022-Results-Release-and-Earnings-Call-43008058/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Envipco N : Fourth Quarter 2022 Results Release and Earnings Call,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   Envipco Fourth Quarter 2022 Results Release and Earnings Call   Amersfoort  The Netherlands -    Envipco Holding N.V. will release its Q4 2022 results on Thursday February 23  at 7:00 CET.   At 13:00 CET th…,Press ReleaseEnvipco Fourth Quarter 2022 Results Release and Earnings CallAmersfoort  The Netherlands - (February 16  2023)Envipco Holding N.V. will release its Q4 2022 results on Thursday February 23  at 7:00 CET.At 13:00 CET the same day  company management will present the results and is pleased to invite investors  analysts  and other stakeholders to a virtual presentation supported by Carnegie Investment Bank.The 2022 Q4 results will be presented by CEO Simon Bolton  President/COO Robert Lincoln and CFO Derk Visser.Please contact hanna.haug@carnegie.noby February 21 for registration. Dial in details will be distributed in the morning of February 23 using the Microsoft Teams platform.The presentation will be held in English.For further information please contact:Derk Visser  Group CFO +31 33 2851773 derkv@envipco.comAbout Envipco Holding N.V.Envipco Holding N.V. (Envipco)  www.envipco.com  is a Netherlands-based holding company listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Oslo Growth (Symbols: ENVI/ENVIP). Envipco  with operations in several countries around the globe  is a recognized leader in the development and operation of reverse vending machines (RVMs)  automated technological systems for the recovery of used beverage containers. Known for its innovative technology and market leadership  Envipco holds several intellectual property rights for RVM systems  including but not limited to beverage refund deposit markings  material type identification  compaction  and accounting.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2022 Results Release', 'Envipco N', 'Earnings Call', 'Envipco Fourth Quarter 2022 Results Release', 'several intellectual property rights', 'beverage refund deposit markings', 'Envipco Holding N.V.', 'Netherlands-based holding company', 'CEO Simon Bolton', 'President/COO Robert Lincoln', 'Microsoft Teams platform', 'reverse vending machines', 'material type identification', 'Euronext Oslo Growth', 'Carnegie Investment Bank', 'CFO Derk Visser', 'Press Release', 'several countries', 'beverage containers', 'Q4 2022 results', 'company management', '2022 Q4 results', 'Group CFO', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Earnings Call', 'The Netherlands', 'same day', 'other stakeholders', 'technological systems', 'innovative technology', 'market leadership', 'RVM systems', 'virtual presentation', 'Thursday February', 'Amersfoort', '7:00 CET', 'investors', 'analysts', 'hanna', 'haug', 'registration', 'Dial', 'details', 'morning', 'English', 'information', 'Symbols', 'operations', 'globe', 'development', 'RVMs', 'recovery', 'compaction', 'accounting', '13:00']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18639,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-N-Change-of-CSD-43011066/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,FL Entertainment N : Change of CSD,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   Paris - February 16  2023   Change of Central Securities Depository to Euroclear France   FL Entertainment announces that it has changed the Central Securities Depository for its ordinary shares and public war…,"Press ReleaseParis - February 16  2023Change of Central Securities Depository to Euroclear FranceFL Entertainment announces that it has changed the Central Securities Depository (CSD) for its ordinary shares (NL0015000X07) and public warrants (NL0015000H56) (together the ""Transferred Securities"") from Euroclear Netherland to Euroclear France  effective today.As a result of this change  all Transferred Securities previously held in the Euroclear Netherland system have been transferred to the book-entry securities settlement system operated by Euroclear France. The transfer and change of CSD does not impact the Transferred Securities' respective ISIN codes  nor their holdings  the rights attached to them or their listing on Euronext Amsterdam.AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen - Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 - c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world's largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.AS",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment N', 'Change', 'CSD', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'book-entry securities settlement system', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'Central Securities Depository', 'Euroclear Netherland system', 'respective ISIN codes', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Transferred Securities', 'Euroclear France', 'Press Release', 'ordinary shares', 'public warrants', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'FY 2022 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'FLE NA', 'FLE.AS', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'February', 'Change', 'CSD', 'holdings', 'rights', 'listing', 'Agenda', '16 March', 'Phone', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18640,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ESG-CORE-INVESTMENTS-B-V-118850323/news/ESG-Core-Investments-B-in-liquidation-in-liquidatie-announces-voting-results-of-the-AGM-43007399/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,ESG Core Investments B : in liquidation (in liquidatie) announces voting results of the AGM,(marketscreener.com)  ESG Core Investments B.V. in liquidation announces voting results of the AGM Amsterdam - 16 February 2023 13:45 CET   Today  ESG Core Investments B.V. in liquidation   a special purpose acquisition company listed on Euronext Amsterd…,"ESG Core Investments B.V. in liquidation (in liquidatie) announces voting results of the AGMAmsterdam - 16 February 2023 13:45 CETToday  ESG Core Investments B.V. in liquidation (in liquidatie) (the Company)  a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) listed on Euronext Amsterdam  announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held at the head office of the Company (Oldenzaalsestraat 500  7524 AE Enschede) on Thursday 16 February 2023 at 10:00 (CET) (the AGM). The shareholders adopted all proposed resolutions as tabled at today's AGM.As a result  the Company is dissolved (ontbonden)  and the Management Board members are charged with effecting the liquidation of the Company's affairs under the supervision of the Supervisory Board members. The final report (rekening en verantwoording) and the plan of distribution (plan van verdeling) will be deposited on 17 February 2023 with the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce and at the head office of the Company for inspection by anyone for a period of two months after such date. As announced on 4 January 2023  the amount per share that shareholders will receive as liquidation distributions is expected to be EUR 10.Further  the annual report and financial statements for the financial year 2022 were adopted  the remuneration report for the financial year 2022 was approved  the members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board were discharged from liability and Infestos Sustainability B.V. was appointed as custodian of the books and records of the Company.Info+31 (0)53 30 300 80info@esgcoreinvestments.comDisclaimerCapitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the prospectus published by the Company (as defined below) on 11 February 2021  which can be obtained from the Company's website at www.esgcoreinvestments.com/structure under the header ""Downloads"". This announcement (including the Annual Report) may include forward-looking statements  which are based on the Company's current expectations and projections about future events and speak only as of the date hereof. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not within or outside the control of the Company. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. The Company operates in a rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time  and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties  nor to assess the impact that these factors will have on the Company. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Further reference is made to the Company's annual report for the financial year 2022.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.27,0.63,True,English,"['ESG Core Investments B', 'voting results', 'liquidation', 'liquidatie', 'AGM', 'ESG Core Investments B.V.', 'Infestos Sustainability B.V.', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Management Board members', 'Supervisory Board members', 'annual report', 'voting results', 'head office', '7524 AE Enschede', 'final report', 'Trade Register', 'two months', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'remuneration report', 'Capitalized terms', 'respective meanings', 'forward-looking statements', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'changing environment', 'Further reference', 'other factors', 'Such factors', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'New risks', 'The Company', 'Thursday 16 February', 'liquidation distributions', 'future events', '17 February', '11 February', 'liquidatie', 'AGM', 'CET', 'SPAC', 'Shareholders', 'Oldenzaalsestraat', 'resolutions', 'today', 'affairs', 'supervision', 'plan', 'verdeling', 'Chamber', 'Commerce', 'inspection', 'period', 'date', '4 January', 'amount', 'liability', 'custodian', 'books', 'records', 'Info', 'Disclaimer', 'prospectus', 'website', 'header', 'Downloads', 'announcement', 'projections', 'nature', 'known', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'circumstances', 'control', 'performance', 'developments', 'time', 'impact', 'obligation', '10:00', '31', '53']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18641,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELENET-GROUP-HOLDING-NV-5991/news/Telenet-board-of-directors-proposes-a-1-0-per-share-gross-dividend-to-the-April-2023-Annual-Gener-43001136/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Telenet : board of directors proposes a 1.0 per share gross dividend to the April 2023 Annual General Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com)  Mechelen  February 16  2023 - Telenet Group Holding NV announces that its board of directors has decided to propose to the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting in April 2023 to approve the payment of a gross dividend of €1.0 per share .…,"Mechelen  February 16  2023 - Telenet Group Holding NV (""Telenet"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Brussels: TNET) announces that its board of directors has decided to propose to the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting in April 2023 to approve the payment of a gross dividend of €1.0 per share (€108.6 million in total[1]). The proposed dividend will be paid using existing cash and cash equivalents and is in line with the Company's reset dividend floor of €1.0 per share (gross) as further detailed below. If approved by shareholders  the dividend will be paid in early May.​",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"[""April 2023 Annual General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'gross dividend', 'Telenet', 'board', 'directors', 'Telenet Group Holding NV', ""Annual General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'reset dividend floor', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing cash', 'cash equivalents', 'early May', 'gross dividend', 'Mechelen', 'February', 'Company', 'TNET', 'board', 'directors', 'April', 'payment', 'total', 'line']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18642,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AEDIFICA-SA-35328/news/Aedifica-NV-SA-2022-annual-results-43001305/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Aedifica NV/SA: 2022 annual results,(marketscreener.com) Please find below a press release from Aedifica   regarding its 2022 annual results. Robust operational performance driving strong results EPRA Earnings amounted to €181.4 million   or €4.76/shareRental income increased to €273.1 million …,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding its 2022 annual results.Robust operational performance driving strong resultsEPRA Earnings amounted to €181.4 million (+20% compared to 31 Dec. 2021)  or €4.76/shareRental income increased to €273.1 million (+18% compared to 31 Dec. 2021)4.2% increase in rental income on a like-for-like basis* over the yearWeighted average unexpired lease term of 19 years and occupancy rate of 100%Real estate portfolio* of €5.7 billion as at 31 December 2022Increase of approx. €807 million compared to 31 December 2021 (+16%)622 healthcare sites for more than 47 100 end users across 8 countriesInvestment programme of €671 million in pre-let development projects and acquisitions in progress  of which €489 million remains to be invested. In 2022  40 projects from the programme were completed for a total investment budget of approx. €295 millionSolid balance sheet and strong liquidity43.6% debt-to-assets ratio as of 31 December 2022Strengthening equity: nearly €310 million raised on capital markets through a capital increase via an accelerated private placement (€254 million) and two contributions in kind€667 million of headroom on committed credit lines to finance CAPEX and liquidity needsBBB investment-grade credit rating with a stable outlook reaffirmed by S&POutlookProposed dividend of €3.70/share (gross) is confirmed (distribution in May 2023)EPRA Earnings* for 2023 are estimated at €200 million  or €5.03/shareDividend of €3.80/share (gross) proposed for the 2023 financial yearAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['Aedifica NV/SA', '2022 annual results', 'public regulated real estate company', 'average unexpired lease term', 'BBB investment-grade credit rating', 'Real estate portfolio', 'committed credit lines', 'Robust operational performance', 'Solid balance sheet', 'total investment budget', 'S&P Outlook', '2023 financial year Attachments', 'stable outlook', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '2022 annual results', 'strong results', 'EPRA Earnings', 'Rental income', 'occupancy rate', '622 healthcare sites', '47,100 end users', 'Investment programme', 'strong liquidity', 'assets ratio', 'Strengthening equity', 'capital markets', 'private placement', 'two contributions', 'liquidity needs', 'development projects', 'capital increase', '40 projects', '4.2% increase', 'Aedifica', '31 Dec.', 'basis', '19 years', '31 December', '8 countries', 'acquisitions', 'progress', '43.6% debt', 'kind', 'headroom', 'CAPEX', 'dividend', 'gross', 'distribution', 'May']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18644,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gogl-fourth-quarter-2022-results-070000253.html,GOGL – Fourth Quarter 2022 Results,Golden Ocean Group Limited (NASDAQ/OSE: GOGL) (the “Company” or “Golden Ocean”)  the world's largest listed owner of large size dry bulk vessels  today...,"Golden Ocean Group LimitedGolden Ocean Group Limited (NASDAQ/OSE: GOGL) (the “Company” or “Golden Ocean”)  the world's largest listed owner of large size dry bulk vessels  today announced its unaudited results for the three and twelve months period ended December 31  2022.HighlightsNet income of $68.2 million and earnings per share of $0.34 for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared with net income of $104.6 million and earnings per share of $0.52 for the third quarter of 2022Adjusted EBITDA of $112.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2022  compared with $118.2 million for the third quarter of 2022Reported TCE rates for Capesize and Panamax/Ultramax vessels of $21 399 per day and $18 992 per day  respectively  in the fourth quarter of 2022. Reported TCE rate for the total fleet of $20 421 per dayEntered into agreements to acquire six modern Newcastlemax vessels for a total consideration of $291 million from an unrelated third party. The vessels will be chartered back to the seller for a period of 36 months at an average net TCE rate of $21 000 per dayEntered into a $250 million facility refinancing 20 Capesize and Panamax vessels at highly attractive termsCompleted the sale of the 2008 and 2009 built Panamax vessels Golden Ice and Golden Strength  at attractive pricesEntered into agreements to purchase three scrubbers to be installed on certain Capesize vessels due for drydock in 2023Acquired an aggregate of 462 085 shares in open market transactions under the share buy-back programEstimated TCE rates  inclusive of charter coverage  calculated on a load-to-discharge basis are approximately: $13 150 per day for 63% of Capesize available days and $14 900 per day for 73% of Panamax available days for the first quarter of 2023. $21 100 per day for 19% of Capesize available days and $17 900 per day for 14% of Panamax available days for the second quarter of 2023.Announced a cash dividend of $0.20 per share for the fourth quarter of 2022  payable on or about March 9  2023 to shareholders of record on February 28  2023. Shareholders holding the Company’s shares through Euronext VPS may receive this cash dividend later  on or about March 13  2023Ulrik Andersen  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“On a challenging macroeconomic backdrop  Golden Ocean delivered another strong result in the fourth quarter of 2022. The result was driven by the superior efficiency of Golden Ocean's modern fleet  as well as our active chartering strategy. We continue our fleet renewal strategy of selling older inefficient tonnage and recycling the cash proceeds into modern tonnage. Since our third quarter release  we sold two older Panamax vessels and acquired six modern Newcastlemax vessels. It means that since 2021  we have divested 11 vessels and acquired or contracted 34 vessels.Combined with a continuous focus on improving our daily cash break-even levels  we have delivered on our commitment to return value to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Looking ahead  we continue to have a positive view on dry bulk fundamentals given the expected boost in demand from China’s discontinuation of the zero covid policy combined with highly favorable supply-side dynamics.”The Board of DirectorsGolden Ocean Group LimitedHamilton  BermudaFebruary 16  2023Questions should be directed to:Ulrik Andersen: Chief Executive Officer  Golden Ocean Management AS+47 22 01 73 40Peder Simonsen: Chief Financial Officer  Golden Ocean Management AS+47 22 01 73 40The full report is available in the link below.Forward Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this earnings report may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  or the PSLRA  provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts.The Company is taking advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the PSLRA and is including this cautionary statement in connection therewith. This document and any other written or oral statements made by the Company or on its behalf may include forward-looking statements  which reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance. This earnings report includes assumptions  expectations  projections  intentions and beliefs about future events. These statements are intended as ""forward-looking statements."" The Company cautions that assumptions  expectations  projections  intentions and beliefs about future events may and often do vary from actual results and the differences can be material. When used in this document  the words “believe ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “intend ” “plan ” “targets ” “projects ” “likely ” “will ” “would ” “could” and similar expressions or phrases may identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this report are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in the Company's records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company's control  the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections. As a result  you are cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements.In addition to these important factors and matters discussed elsewhere herein  important factors that  in the Company’s view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements  include among other things: the Company’s future operating or financial results; the Company’s continued borrowing availability under its debt agreements and compliance with the covenants contained therein; the Company’s ability to procure or have access to financing  the Company’s liquidity and the adequacy of cash flows for the Company’s operations; the Company’s ability to successfully employ its existing and newbuilding dry bulk vessels and replace its operating leases on favorable terms  or at all; changes in the Company’s operating expenses and voyage costs  including bunker prices  fuel prices (including increases costs for low sulfur fuel)  dry docking  crewing and insurance costs; the Company’s ability to fund future capital expenditures and investments in the construction  acquisition and refurbishment of the Company’s vessels (including the amount and nature thereof and the timing of completion thereof  the delivery and commencement of operations dates  expected downtime and lost revenue); planned  pending or recent acquisitions  business strategy and expected capital spending or operating expenses  including drydocking  surveys  upgrades and insurance costs; risks associated with vessel construction; the Company’s expectations regarding the availability of vessel acquisitions and its ability to complete acquisition transactions planned; vessel breakdowns and instances of off-hire; potential differences in interest by or among certain members of the Company’s board of directors  or the Board  executive officers  senior management and shareholders; potential liability from pending or future litigation; potential exposure or loss from investment in derivative instruments; general dry bulk shipping market trends  including fluctuations in charter hire rates and vessel values; changes in supply and demand in the dry bulk shipping industry  including the market for the Company’s vessels and the number of newbuildings under construction; the strength of world economies; stability of Europe and the Euro; central bank policies intended to combat overall inflation and the rising interest rates and foreign exchange rates; changes in seaborne and other transportation; changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities; general domestic and international political conditions; potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents  climate-related (acute and chronic)  damage to storage or receiving facilities  political instability  terrorist attacks  piracy or international hostilities  including the ongoing aggression between Russia and Ukraine; the length and severity of epidemics and pandemics  including COVID-19 and its impact on the demand for seaborne transportation in the dry bulk sector; the impact of increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors  lenders  charterers and other market participants with respect to our Environmental  Social and Governance practices; new environmental regulations and restrictions  whether at a global level stipulated by the International Maritime Organization  and/or regional/national imposed by regional authorities such as the European Union or individual countries; and other important factors described from time to time in the reports filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Company's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021.The Company cautions readers of this report not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of their dates. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation  the Company undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of the Company’s future performance  and actual results and future developments may vary materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.75,0.09,0.16,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2022 Results', 'GOGL', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'large size dry bulk vessels', 'Golden Ocean Group Limited Hamilton', 'daily cash break-even levels', 'Golden Ocean Management AS', 'six modern Newcastlemax vessels', 'average net TCE rate', 'two older Panamax vessels', 'dry bulk fundamentals', 'largest listed owner', 'open market transactions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'challenging macroeconomic backdrop', 'active chartering strategy', 'older inefficient tonnage', 'zero covid policy', 'favorable supply-side dynamics', 'safe harbor protections', 'safe harbor provisions', 'unrelated third party', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'fleet renewal strategy', 'share buy-back program', 'third quarter release', 'twelve months period', 'Capesize available days', 'modern tonnage', 'modern fleet', 'Golden Ice', 'Golden Strength', 'The Board', 'Net income', 'Panamax/Ultramax vessels', 'Capesize vessels', 'TCE rates', 'cash dividend', 'cash proceeds', 'total fleet', 'fourth quarter', 'first quarter', 'second quarter', 'unaudited results', 'total consideration', '$250 million facility', 'attractive terms', 'attractive prices', 'charter coverage', 'discharge basis', 'Euronext VPS', 'Ulrik Andersen', 'superior efficiency', 'continuous focus', 'positive view', 'Peder Simonsen', 'full report', 'prospective information', 'future events', 'historical facts', 'cautionary statement', 'other written', 'current views', 'financial performance', 'actual results', 'similar expressions', 'looking stat', 'The Company', 'other statements', 'oral statements', 'share repurchases', 'three scrubbers', 'strong result', 'earnings report', 'underlying assumptions', '11 vessels', '34 vessels', '36 months', '20 Capesize', 'NASDAQ/OSE', 'GOGL', 'world', 'Highlights', 'EBITDA', 'agreements', 'seller', 'sale', 'drydock', 'aggregate', '462,085 shares', 'March', 'shareholders', 'record', 'February', 'commitment', 'value', 'dividends', 'boost', 'demand', 'China', 'discontinuation', 'Directors', 'Bermuda', 'Questions', 'link', 'Matters', 'forward', 'PSLRA', 'order', 'companies', 'business', 'plans', 'objectives', 'goals', 'strategies', 'advantage', 'connection', 'document', 'behalf', 'respect', 'expectations', 'projections', 'intentions', 'beliefs', 'differences', 'words', 'targets', 'projects', 'phrases']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18645,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-9-ndash-February-15-2023-43002591/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023,(marketscreener.com) Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023 February 16  2023 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 133 605 of…,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 9 – February 15  2023February 16  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 133 605 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 9  2023  up to and including February 15  2023  for €13.6 million and at an average share price of €101.63.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 2  2022  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2023  up to and including February 20  2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 911 105 91.0 99.83For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'November', 'January', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18646,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DOLFINES-41402/news/Dolfines-DOLFINES-signs-a-LOI-43009913/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Dolfines :  DOLFINES signs a LOI,(marketscreener.com)  Montigny Le Bretonneux  February 16  2023 DOLFINES signs a Letter Of Intent for the acquisitionof an international expert company in the EHS marketThe Board of Directors of DOLFINES  meeting on February 15  2023  validated the sign…,"Montigny Le Bretonneux  February 16  2023DOLFINES signs a Letter Of Intent (LOI) for the acquisitionof an international expert company in the EHS market(Environment  Health and Safety)The Board of Directors of DOLFINES  meeting on February 15  2023  validated the signing of a LOI and entry into exclusivity period whose purpose is to acquire 100% of the capital and voting rights of an international expertise company on the EHS (Environment  Health and Safety) market.The acquisition of this company would give DOLFINES privileged access to a market in high demand for industrial safety  impact studies and CSR consulting. It would significantly strengthen its presence in its current development areas  particularly in the renewable energy sector.The company's turnover amounted to €2.75 million for the 2022 financial year  up 17% compared to 2021  with an EBITDA/Revenue margin of 9.2% and a positive net cash position at 31 December 2022.The financing of this operation will be covered by the ongoing financing with Negma  which could consider taking a minority stake in DOLFINES  thus confirming its project to support the company's industrial development over time.The completion of the acquisition will be subject to the outcome of an acquisition audit  which is expected to be completed no later than March 3  2023.About Dolfines: www.dolfines.comFounded in 2000  DOLFINES is an independent specialist in engineering and services in the renewable and conventional energy industry. Faced with the challenges of decarbonizing the energy sector and capitalizing on its strong expertise  DOLFINES wants to play a key role in this energy transition by designing and providing innovative services and solutions for the exploitation of renewable energy sources onshore and offshore  above and below sea level. Respecting the highest standards of quality and safety  DOLFINES is labelled an innovative company certified ISO 9001 for its technical assistance  auditing  inspection and engineering activities.Euronext Growth TMDOLFINES is listed on Euronext GrowthTM - Code ISIN : FR0014004QZ9 – Mnémo : ALDOL DOLFINES is éligible to PEA-PMEContacts :DOLFINES : Delphine Bardelet Guejo  CFO - delphine.bardelet@dolfines.comCOMALTO : Jean-François Carminati  Shareholders Relations – + 33 (0) 6 63 87 57 60 - jfcarminati@comalto.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mJpuk5yZlZjGnZ9tl5ZmbmJjmG5kxpLHlmnGk2mZY5uXb21jlm2WaJ2WZnBpm2do- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢ÂÂ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78622-dolfines_pr_loi.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Dolfines', 'LOI', 'positive net cash position', 'Montigny Le Bretonneux', 'Jean-François Carminati', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'conventional energy industry', 'current development areas', 'Euronext Growth TM', 'renewable energy sources', 'international expert company', 'renewable energy sector', 'international expertise company', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Delphine Bardelet Guejo', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'energy transition', 'industrial development', 'strong expertise', 'Euronext GrowthTM', 'exclusivity period', 'voting rights', 'privileged access', 'high demand', 'impact studies', 'CSR consulting', '2022 financial year', 'EBITDA/Revenue margin', 'minority stake', 'independent specialist', 'sea level', 'highest standards', 'technical assistance', 'Mnémo', 'Shareholders Relations', 'key role', 'innovative company', 'industrial safety', 'ongoing financing', 'innovative services', 'engineering activities', 'Regulated information', 'acquisition audit', 'EHS market', 'Safety) market', 'ALDOL DOLFINES', 'February', 'Letter', 'Intent', 'LOI', 'Environment', 'Health', 'Board', 'Directors', 'signing', 'entry', 'purpose', 'capital', 'presence', 'turnover', '31 December', 'operation', 'Negma', 'project', 'time', 'completion', 'outcome', 'March', 'challenges', 'solutions', 'quality', 'ISO', 'auditing', 'inspection', 'Code', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'Contacts', 'CFO', 'COMALTO', 'jfcarminati', 'publication', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'salesÃ', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '9.']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18647,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-MONICA-DE-VIRGILIIS-WILL-NOT-SEEK-SECOND-TERM-AS-SUPERVISORY-BOARD-MEMBER-AFTER-CURRENT-TERM-43001308/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,ASM MONICA DE VIRGILIIS WILL NOT SEEK SECOND TERM AS SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER AFTER CURRENT TERM,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CET  ASM International N.V. today announced that Supervisory Board member Ms Monica de Virgiliis has decided not to seek a second term as Supervisory Board member and that she will step …,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 16  2022  7:30 a.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that Supervisory Board member Ms Monica de Virgiliis has decided not to seek a second term as Supervisory Board member and that she will step down after her current term which will expire in May 2024.Pauline van der Meer Mohr  the Chair of the Supervisory Board  mentioned: “The accumulation of Monica’s current and future commitments have prompted this decision  which we understand and respect. The timing she chose is related to those commitments and allows the Board ample time to find a successor. I am very pleased that she is fully committed to fulfill her current term until next year May and that she will continue to make contributions to the company.”About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM’s website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.66,0.29,mixed,0.34,0.16,0.49,True,English,"['ASM MONICA DE', 'SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBER', 'SECOND TERM', 'VIRGILIIS', 'Pauline van der Meer Mohr', 'Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Ms Monica de Virgiliis', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'next year May', 'Supervisory Board member', 'market acceptance', 'second term', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'current term', 'The Netherlands', 'future commitments', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'media contact', 'The Company', 'Almere', 'February', '7:30 a', 'CET', 'Chair', 'decision', 'timing', 'time', 'successor', 'contributions', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'financing', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'Investor', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18648,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2610101/0/en/EDF-Information-regarding-the-voting-rights-and-shares-Article-L-233-8-II-of-the-French-Commercial-Code-and-223-16-of-the-General-Regulations-of-the-AMF.html,EDF: Information regarding the voting rights and shares (Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “AMF”),16 February 2023  Information regarding the voting rights and shares  (Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Code   and 223-16 of the General......,English French16 February 2023Information regarding the voting rights and shares(Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “AMF”)Listing location: NYSE Euronext-ParisCompartiment: Eurolist AISIN code: FR 0010242511Date Total number of shares Total number of voting rights 13 February 20233 887 718 679Number of theoretical voting rights:6 521 393 081 Number of exercisable voting rights:6 520 504 570*Number of exercisable voting rights = Number of theoretical voting rights (or total number of voting rights calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached) – number of shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['French Commercial Code', 'voting rights', 'General Regulations', 'EDF', 'Information', 'shares', 'Article', 'AMF', 'NYSE Euronext-Paris Compartiment', 'French Commercial Code', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'English French', 'ISIN code', 'General Regulations', 'Listing location', 'Eurolist A', 'Total number', 'February', 'Information', 'shares', 'Article', 'AMF', 'Date', 'basis', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18649,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CGG-4653/news/CGG-Announces-its-Q4-Financial-Results-on-Thursday-March-2nd-2023-after-Markets-Close-43001297/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,CGG Announces its Q4 Financial Results on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after Markets Close,(marketscreener.com) PARIS  France – February 16th  2023 Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference call CGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial results and host a question & answer session on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after the close of …,PARIS  France – February 16th  2023Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference callCGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial results and host a question & answer session on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after the close of the markets.The press release and the presentation will be made available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET)An English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET)Participants should register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Q4 Financial Results', 'CGG', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Markets', 'An English language analysts conference call', 'Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'answer session', 'press release', 'same day', 'live webcast', 'audio format', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'data science', 'Christophe Barnini', 'France', 'February', 'CGG', 'question', 'Thursday', 'March', 'close', 'markets', 'presentation', 'website', 'CET', 'Participants', 'number', 'code', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'Company', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '6.30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18650,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REXEL-47601/news/BOARD-NOMINATIONS-TO-BE-PROPOSED-TO-THE-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-43001103/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,BOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING,(marketscreener.com) BOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING At its meeting of February 15  2023  the Board of Directors of Rexel unanimously decided  on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee  to propose to the next Shareholders…,"BOARD NOMINATIONS TO BE PROPOSED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGAt its meeting of February 15  2023  the Board of Directors of Rexel unanimously decided  on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee  to propose to the next Shareholders' Meeting of April 20  2023  the renewal of Ian Meakins' term of office as Director and to appoint Marie-Christine Lombard and Steven Borges as new independent members of the Board of Directors for a term of four years. Marie-Christine Lombard would succeed Elen Phillips  whose term of office will expire at the next Shareholders’ Meeting.Ian Meakins  Chairman of Rexel's Board of Directors  said: ""I deeply thank Elen for her contribution to the Board during all these years and for the richness of the interactions and exchanges we had. As part of the succession plan for Directors  the Board of Directors had identified additional needs in terms of expertise to adapt to the evolution of the Group and its market. Steven Borges  in addition to his knowledge of the U.S. market  will bring to the Board his knowledge of all industrial sectors at a time when issues such as industrial automation and investments related to sustainable development are at the heart of Rexel's business in the industrial sector. Marie-Christine Lombard is a recognized executive with an impressive track record of success at the head of Geodis. In addition to her management experience  she will bring to Rexel's Board her in-depth knowledge of transport  logistics and service issues  which  in conjunction with digital  are central to Rexel's value proposition.""Biographies:Marie-Christine Lombard has been Chairwoman of the Management Board of Geodis since 2012  a global leader in transport and logistics. She is also a member of the Executive Committee of the SNCF group. Previously  she held several management positions at TNT Express before becoming its Chief Executive Officer. She started her career in the banking sector where she held various positions at the Chemical Bank in New York and at Paribas in Paris where her last role was Vice President in the M&A department of the commercial banking group. She is a Director and the Chairwoman of the Compensation Committee of Vinci. She is a graduate of ESSEC and the Harvard University Executive Program.Steven Borges currently serves as EVP and CEO of the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment of Jabil Inc. (NYSE: JBL)  a global manufacturing services company. He joined Jabil in 1993 and has held positions of increasing responsibility in business development  manufacturing operations and supply chain management over the course of his 30-year career. Prior to his current role  he served as EVP and CEO of Jabil’s Regulated Industries segment with additional responsibility for additive manufacturing. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of Johns Hopkins All Children’s Hospital. He is a graduate of Fitchburg State University.ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 900 branches in 21 countries  with more than 26 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €18.7 billion in 2022.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSEBrunswick : Thomas KAMM +33 1 53 96 83 92 tkamm@brunswickgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['BOARD NOMINATIONS', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'THE', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe', 'S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook', '® Global ESG Environmental Leaders', 'Harvard University Executive Program', 'global manufacturing services company', 'Diversified Manufacturing Services segment', 'Regulated Industries segment', 'Fitchburg State University', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'U.S. market', 'impressive track record', 'multichannel professional distribution', 'three main markets', 'new independent members', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'M&A department', 'supply chain management', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'following SRI indices', ""next Shareholders' Meeting"", 'next Shareholders’ Meeting', 'commercial banking group', 'several management positions', ""Ian Meakins' term"", 'global leader', 'manufacturing operations', 'additive manufacturing', 'following indices', 'CAC Next', 'Executive Committee', 'banking sector', 'New York', 'compartment A', 'management experience', 'energy management', 'increasing responsibility', 'additional responsibility', 'Nomination Committee', 'Marie-Christine Lombard', 'Steven Borges', 'succession plan', 'additional needs', 'sustainable development', 'value proposition', 'SNCF group', 'TNT Express', 'various positions', 'Chemical Bank', 'last role', 'Vice President', 'Compensation Committee', 'current role', 'Johns Hopkins', 'worldwide expert', 'energy world', 'scalable range', 'Eurolist market', 'Euronext Paris', 'ticker RXL', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'CAC AllTrade', 'CAC AllShares', 'FTSE EuroMid', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'Thomas KAMM', 'industrial sectors', 'industrial automation', 'industrial customers', 'The Group', 'Management Board', 'four years', 'Elen Phillips', 'service issues', 'business development', '30-year career', 'Ludovic DEBAILLEUX', 'depth knowledge', 'Jabil Inc.', 'BOARD NOMINATIONS', 'REXEL GROUP', 'February', 'Directors', 'recommendation', 'April', 'renewal', 'Chairman', 'contribution', 'richness', 'interactions', 'exchanges', 'terms', 'expertise', 'evolution', 'time', 'investments', 'heart', 'head', 'Geodis', 'transport', 'logistics', 'conjunction', 'digital', 'Biographies', 'Chairwoman', 'Paribas', 'Vinci', 'graduate', 'ESSEC', 'EVP', 'CEO', 'NYSE', 'JBL', 'course', 'Trustees', 'Children', 'Hospital', 'products', 'residential', 'tailored', 'construction', 'renovation', 'production', 'maintenance', 'network', '1,900 branches', '21 countries', '26,000 employees', 'sales', 'SBF', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'recognition', 'performance', 'CSR', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'PRESSE', 'Brunswick', 'Attachment', '120', '53']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18651,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609340/0/en/CGG-Announces-its-Q4-Financial-Results-on-Thursday-March-2nd-2023-after-Markets-Close.html,CGG Announces its Q4 Financial Results on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after Markets Close,PARIS  France – February 16th  2023    Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference call    CGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial......,English FrenchPARIS  France – February 16th  2023Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results and conference callCGG will announce its fourth quarter 2022 financial results and host a question & answer session on Thursday March 2nd  2023 after the close of the markets.The press release and the presentation will be made available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET)An English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET)Participants should register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Q4 Financial Results', 'CGG', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Markets', 'An English language analysts conference call', 'Fourth Quarter 2022 financial results', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'English French', 'answer session', 'press release', 'same day', 'live webcast', 'audio format', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'data science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'Christophe Barnini', 'France', 'February', 'CGG', 'question', 'Thursday', 'March', 'close', 'markets', 'presentation', 'website', 'CET', 'Participants', 'number', 'code', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'Company', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '6.30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18652,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DUCK-CREEK-TECHNOLOGIES-110869005/news/Duck-Creek-to-sponsor-Quadient-Inspire-Days-in-Orlando-FL-from-February-22-24-2023-43007899/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Duck Creek to sponsor Quadient Inspire Days in Orlando  FL from February 22-24  2023,(marketscreener.com) Boston  Feb. 16  2023 -- Duck Creek Technologies   the intelligent solutions provider defining the future of property and casualty insurance  is pleased to be a sponsor of Quadient’s annual user conference  Inspire Days  in Orlando Florid…,Boston  Feb. 16  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Duck Creek Technologies (NASDAQ: DCT)  the intelligent solutions provider defining the future of property and casualty (P&C) insurance  is pleased to be a sponsor of Quadient’s annual user conference  Inspire Days  in Orlando Florida from February 22-24  2023. Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) is a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a strategic partner to Duck Creek.The event will bring together a community of customers and partners focused on strengthening relationships and discussing business strategy and thought leadership. Quadient has developed strong integrations with Duck Creek Claims and Duck Creek Policy which enables carriers to experience more interactive and streamlined communications that help them more quickly capture market opportunities. The personalized communication solution improves the overall customer experience by offering insights to better navigate the insurance industry through preferred channels and helps improve the overall customer experience.“We are looking forward to discussing the benefits of our strong alliance with carriers during Quadient’s upcoming Inspire Days event ” said Peter Herz  Partner Manager  Duck Creek Technologies. “Our partnership with Quadient extends Duck Creek’s value proposition in providing innovative SaaS-based solutions for global insurance companies and ensures our common customers are ready for communications impacting customer experience.”“We are excited and honored for Duck Creek Technologies to be a premium sponsor of our upcoming Inspire Days 2023 event ” said Chris Hartigan  Chief Solution Officer  Intelligent Communication Automation  Quadient. “Our strategic partnership with Duck Creek is making it possible for insurance carriers to accelerate their digital transformation initiatives and offer customer experience excellence throughout the customer journey.”About QuadientQuadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About Duck Creek TechnologiesDuck Creek Technologies (NASDAQ: DCT) is the intelligent solutions provider defining the future of the property and casualty (P&C) and general insurance industry. We are the platform upon which modern insurance systems are built  enabling the industry to capitalize on the power of the cloud to run agile  intelligent  and evergreen operations. Authenticity  purpose  and transparency are core to Duck Creek  and we believe insurance should be there for individuals and businesses when  where  and how they need it most. Our market-leading solutions are available on a standalone basis or as a full suite  and all are available via Duck Creek OnDemand. Visit www.duckcreek.com to learn more. Follow Duck Creek on our social channels for the latest information – LinkedIn and Twitter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Quadient Inspire Days', 'Duck Creek', 'Orlando', 'FL', 'February', 'three key solution areas', 'upcoming Inspire Days event', 'upcoming Inspire Days 2023 event', 'personalized communication solution', 'Chief Solution Officer', 'annual user conference', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'intelligent solutions provider', 'innovative SaaS-based solutions', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'meaningful customer connections', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'global insurance companies', 'modern insurance systems', 'overall customer experience', 'Duck Creek Technologies', 'Duck Creek Claims', 'Duck Creek Policy', 'digital transformation initiatives', 'P&C) insurance', 'general insurance industry', 'customer experience excellence', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'market-leading solutions', 'customer journey', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Orlando Florida', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'strategic partner', 'business strategy', 'thought leadership', 'strong integrations', 'market opportunities', 'preferred channels', 'strong alliance', 'Peter Herz', 'Partner Manager', 'value proposition', 'Chris Hartigan', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'evergreen operations', 'standalone basis', 'full suite', 'social channels', 'insurance carriers', 'streamlined communications', 'premium sponsor', 'latest information', 'common customers', 'partnership', 'Boston', 'Feb.', 'NASDAQ', 'DCT', 'future', 'property', 'casualty', 'Quadient', 'February', 'QDT', 'businesses', 'community', 'relationships', 'interactive', 'insights', 'benefits', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'platform', 'power', 'cloud', 'Authenticity', 'purpose', 'transparency', 'individuals', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18653,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609370/0/en/Virtualware-to-be-Listed-on-the-Paris-Stock-Exchange.html,Virtualware to be Listed on the Paris Stock Exchange,BILBAO  Spain  Feb. 16  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish technology company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the virtual reality industry  will be listed on the Paris Stock Exchange in the coming weeks.,"BILBAO  Spain  Feb. 16  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish technology company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the virtual reality industry  will be listed on the Paris Stock Exchange in the coming weeks.To this end  it has already filed the corresponding application with Euronext  the pan-European stock exchange that groups together the stock exchanges of Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Oslo  Milan  and Dublin.Virtualware  founded in 2004  is one of the pioneering companies in the field of Virtual Reality  where its team of more than 50 people has already developed more than 500 projects in more than 33 countries. It is headquartered in Bilbao  Spain  and has a North American office in Hamilton (Canada).For the last decade and a half  it has been developing immersive solutions oriented to the industrial world and counts among its client base multinationals and institutions such as GE Hitachi  Ontario Power Generation  Petronas  Iberdrola  Alstom  Guardian Glass  Gestamp  Danone  Johnson & Johnson  Biogen  Bayer  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  El Retoño Technical University or EAN University  to name a few.Following approval by Euronext  the IPO will take place in the Access segment and follows a year and a half of preparation.Virtualware's CEO  Unai Extremo  explained that ""this is an important step in our path towards the growth and global expansion of our company  especially in the US and European markets. The IPO will strengthen our global position  increase our visibility and add a wider community of stakeholders to our mission.""At the end of 2021  the company  whose majority partners are its CEO Unai Extremo and Sergio Barrera  its CTO or chief technology officer  was recognized as the world's most innovative company at the VR Awards 14 months ago.Its product VIROO  the world's pioneering VR as a Service (VRaaS) platform  makes Virtual Reality accessible to companies of all sizes and sectors. It is an all-in-one digital solution that enables the development and deployment of multi-user Virtual Reality applications remotely.VIROO has received a patent in the United States and was named the best enterprise Virtual Reality solution at the VR Awards in 2019. The platform is already used by companies worldwide and has been used to develop strategic projects for defense ministries or critical infrastructure training projects. VIROO aims to become the standard for developing industrial Virtual Reality applications worldwide.Virtualware also participates in Evolv  a medical and digital health device manufacturer specializing in developing rehabilitation solutions based on immersive technologies.According to the annual report published by the company at the end of 2022  the company received ISO 27001 certification in recent months  signed contracts with leading international organizations  such as Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  Janssen  Invest WindsorEssex and the University of El Salvador  and began participating in events jointly with Microsoft in the United States.The company will announce the exact listing date and valuation in the coming weeks.Images:Photo of Unai Extremo  CEOhttps://www.virtualwareco.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/DSC0703.jpgPhoto of the VIROO room in operation:https://www.virtualwareco.com/viroo/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator_For_Medical_Training_VIROO_1024-1.jpg",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Paris Stock Exchange', 'Virtualware', 'El Retoño Technical University', 'best enterprise Virtual Reality solution', 'digital health device manufacturer', 'multi-user Virtual Reality applications', 'critical infrastructure training projects', 'industrial Virtual Reality applications', 'Spanish technology company Virtualware', 'virtual reality industry', 'chief technology officer', 'North American office', 'client base multinationals', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'leading international organizations', 'exact listing date', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'digital solution', 'CEO Unai Extremo', 'El Salvador', 'Spanish Ministry', 'stock exchanges', 'EAN University', 'strategic projects', 'industrial world', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'European leaders', 'coming weeks', 'corresponding application', 'last decade', 'immersive solutions', 'GE Hitachi', 'Guardian Glass', 'Access segment', 'important step', 'global expansion', 'European markets', 'global position', 'wider community', 'majority partners', 'Sergio Barrera', 'VR Awards', 'pioneering VR', 'United States', 'rehabilitation solutions', 'immersive technologies', 'annual report', 'ISO 27001 certification', 'recent months', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'innovative company', 'a half', 'The IPO', 'VRaaS) platform', 'defense ministries', 'product VIROO', 'VIROO room', 'pioneering companies', '500 projects', 'BILBAO', 'Spain', 'Feb.', 'end', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Oslo', 'Milan', 'Dublin', 'field', 'team', '50 people', '33 countries', 'Hamilton', 'Canada', 'institutions', 'Petronas', 'Iberdrola', 'Alstom', 'Gestamp', 'Danone', 'Johnson', 'Biogen', 'Bayer', 'ADIF', 'approval', 'place', 'year', 'preparation', 'path', 'growth', 'visibility', 'stakeholders', 'mission', 'CTO', 'Service', 'sizes', 'development', 'deployment', 'patent', 'standard', 'Evolv', 'medical', 'contracts', 'Janssen', 'events', 'Microsoft', 'Images', 'Photo', 'virtualwareco', 'uploads', 'DSC0703', 'operation', 'Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18654,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-lead-future-orange-063000971.html,Press release: Lead the future: Orange presents its new strategic plan,Press releaseParis  16 February 2023 Lead the future: Orange presents its new strategic plan which aims to generate value from the recognized excellence of...,"OrangePress releaseParis  16 February 2023Lead the future: Orange presents its new strategic plan which aims to generate value from the recognized excellence of its core business and to grow sustainably in Europe  Africa and the Middle East. Orange also confirms the repositioning of its Enterprise activities in next generation connectivity solutions and the acceleration in cybersecurity.Accompanying the plan is an ambitious new company model placing at its heart social and environmental responsibility and operational excellence.Orange  a major digital player in Europe  Africa  and the Middle East  today presents its strategic plan Lead the future.This plan was designed to project Orange into the future and capitalize on its unique strengths in the telecoms sector. The quality of its core assets combined with a solid financial position allow it to address the many structural and economic challenges facing the industry. The explosion of digital uses is accompanied by ever-increasing customer demands  notably in terms of resilience  making the telecoms sector essential for years to come.Lead the future aims to respond to these challenges and focus Orange on its core business. This ambitious and pragmatic plan will build on the Group’s strengths to create value. Orange  a pioneer in fiber  will continue to deploy  innovate and invest in the best technologies to respond to its customers’ needs for reliability  security and resilience. In addition  Orange will consolidate its strong position in cybersecurity and undertake a complete re-positioning of its B2B activities to better meet the expectations of its customers. Finally  this plan strengthens the position of the Group in Africa and the Middle East  a region of high growth.At the launch of the Lead the future plan  Christel Heydemann  Orange’s CEO  said: “The quality of our infrastructure  where we are a pioneer in fiber  our customers’ satisfaction (NPS) and the expertise of our teams as well as our solid finances give us an unrivalled competitive advantage. In addition  thanks to our mastery of connectivity  security and resilience  Orange is uniquely placed in the sector. This plan aims to enhance and develop these strengths to position Orange as the group that builds the future of telecoms and digital solutions. Our aim is to achieve sustainable growth  particularly in cybersecurity  in Africa and in the Middle East. We have already taken the first steps with the sale of OCS  the consolidation projects in Spain and Belgium and targeted acquisitions in cybersecurity. To succeed  three principles will guide the company over the coming years: performance  excellence and trust.Story continuesI know I can count on the commitment of Orange employees for the success and flawless execution of this plan. By releasing our energies  “Lead the future” will facilitate the shaping of the future of telecoms as more efficient  more sustainable  more inclusive.”Lead the future is built on four pillars:1 - Capitalizing on our core business  to reinforce our excellence and service qualityAs the leader in fiber deployment in Europe with 46 million FTTH connections deployed by the Group at the end of 2022  representing almost a third of connections on the continent  Orange now has considerable technology assets. The excellence of the network  following significant investments  will enable the Group to strengthen its leadership in terms of customer experience.To achieve this  Orange will develop its use of Data and Artificial Intelligence to offer customers a personalized and seamless experience across its digital and physical channels.In addition to fiber  5G and “4G Home” which are already widely available  Orange will enhance its satellite offer in 2023 with a next generation commercial offer under its own brand in mainland France. The partnership with Eutelsat will enable the most isolated individuals and businesses to benefit from an improved Very High-Speed broadband experience for the price of fiber thanks to the new Konnect VHTS satellite.In Spain  the combination with MásMóvil will endow the future entity with the financial capacity and scale necessary to continue to invest and contribute to the development of competition through infrastructure  for the benefit of consumers and businesses.Through this leadership in networks  customer satisfaction and enriched offers  Orange intends to improve average revenue per offer (ARPO) despite difficult macro-economic conditions and intense competition.Finally  with its sights firmly set on the usages of tomorrow  Lead the future will capitalize on the expertise of researchers and colleagues dedicated to innovation to build new services and applications such as on-demand enterprise networks or the Wi-Fi of the future for the home.2 - Capitalizing on infrastructure in all the countries where the Group is activeThe Group will continue to invest in the development of fixed and mobile networks within a responsible financial framework. To do so  Orange will continue to engage in strategic partnerships (RAN Sharing and joint entities) to share financial costs and secure investments.Across the fixed line network  Orange will continue to deploy  operate  and market fiber connections with the deployment of 5 million additional fiber connections in Europe  where peak investment has already been reached  and 2 million connections in the MEA region by 2025.Across the mobile network  Orange will increase the value generated from its passive infrastructure by raising the third-party operator hosting rate from 1.37 in 2022 to 1.5 by 2026 for pylons owned by TOTEM  the Group’s European TowerCo. TOTEM  an Orange subsidiary  has all the strengths needed to be a key player in European consolidation.The Group will continue to modernize its fixed and mobile networks moving to very high-speed broadband with the decommissioning of the copper network in France and 2G and 3G networks in all its European countries by 2030. In Africa  Orange will continue to deploy fixed and mobile networks (4G and 5G)  to enable solid growth in its results and to support the continent’s economic and social development.Finally  Orange aims to better capitalize on its infrastructure through technology. The Group will achieve this through the enhanced use of data and AI to put in place a new industrial model for management of its networks: more effective  more resilient  and higher performing. “Network Integration Factories” will also accelerate the automation and virtualization of network management  as well as the provision of new services.3 - Transforming Orange Business Services to accelerate growth in the Enterprise segment and strengthen Orange’s position in cybersecurityThe internet  the cloud and collaborative software have all revolutionized companies’ digital usage  for example through the shift away from fixed line telephony and private networks. These developments call into question the traditional B2B Telco operator model. With Lead the future  Orange is profoundly transforming its model to adapt to the new realities of a market where the boundaries between networks and digital services are disappearing. Orange will therefore capitalize on its unique mastery of connectivity  security and resilience challenges.In this context  Orange Business Services is evolving to become Orange Business. This new name embodies the simplification that characterizes its entire transformation plan and underpins its purpose to forge the closest possible relationship with its customers. Orange Business will position itself as the leader for next generation connectivity solutions. This ambition is rooted in its globally recognized expertise in secure and trusted connectivity solutions which provide the foundation for companies’ digital transformation. It will also rest on a re-focusing of the range of services it offers  the evolution of its business model and a far-reaching program of cost optimization.This ambitious and demanding transformation plan will enable Orange Business to return to growth in profitability (EBITDAaL) by 2025 at the latest.In the cybersecurity sector  where the market is growing strongly  Orange has set itself the objective of becoming a European leader and is targeting revenues of 1.3 billion euros by 2025. To achieve this  Orange Cyberdefense will continue with its organic growth and a strategy of targeted acquisitions accelerating its push into the professional/SME segment and its entry into new markets such as B2C.4 - Continuing to grow in Africa and the Middle EastThe Africa and Middle East region has been a growth driver for the Group for many years and will remain at the heart of its strategy. As the telecoms operator serving one in ten Africans  Orange continues to invest in the deployment of its networks to further strengthen its position as a digital partner of reference in Africa and the Middle East. The Group has set the ambition of achieving average annual revenue growth of 7% between 2022 and 2025 as well as a significant increase in profitability over the same period.Orange will accelerate the transformation of Orange Money to pivot towards a digital platform model that will offer other services in addition to transfers and payments. This will be offered to all consumers  whether or not they are Orange customers  across all the countries in which the Group is present. At the end of 2022  Orange Money’s revenues had returned to growth  driven by the increase in its customer base to more than 29 million active users and over 100 billion euros worth of transactions during the year.A local partner in Africa and the Middle East through a dedicated subsidiary  Orange will continue to invest in infrastructure and work to promote digital inclusion across the African continent. The Group will build on its strong local relationships and its position as a multi-service operator  pursuing the deployment of its “Orange Digital Centers”.A new company model guided by responsibility and efficiencyLead the future will put in place a new company model guided by an ambitious policy of social and environmental responsibility. With global warming representing a major concern for us all  the Group is pushing ahead with its program to cut its CO 2 emissions  targeting a reduction of over 30% in scopes 1 and 2 in 2025 (from a 2015 base) and is making the additional commitment to reduce by 45% its emissions across scopes 1  2 and 3 by 2030 (from a 2020 base).Orange will also accelerate the deployment of its recycling program for mobile devices in Europe  moving from 23.1% today to over 30% by 2025. The long-term objective of reaching Net Zero Carbon by 2040 remains unchanged.The success of Lead the future will also be linked to the development of the Group’s business model: simpler  faster  more efficient. People  organizational agility and the simplification of processes will be at the heart of this transformation. The objective is to improve operational efficiency at Group level and accentuate its industrial approach geared towards excellence.In a world of disruptive technologies  the Group will invest in training and have proactive skills management based on anticipating needs. The Group will facilitate employee development towards new roles in data  cloud computing  cybersecurity and AI.Finally  the Group will continue to closely manage its costs. With the “Scale Up” efficiency plan  the company has already saved over 700 million euros between 2019 and 2022. Orange has set a target to save an additional 600 million euros by 2025  on a cost base of 11.8 billion euros.The Group’s investments peaked in 2022 and will fall from 18% of revenues to around 15% from 2023 and for the duration of the plan. This reduction is particularly centered on France and Europe  where most of the investments in fiber have already been made. All the same  Orange will continue to invest to further strengthen its network leadership.Within the framework of Lead the future  the Group has set its financial ambitions for 2025. These ambitions are based on clear objectives for return on investment and long-term value creation  with a view to ROCE growth of 100 to 150 basis points by 2025. The Group will manage rigorously its asset portfolio and pursue its carefully considered strategy in respect of acquisitions and partnerships. Orange will also maintain its discipline in relation to managing its debt and its balance sheet.2025 ObjectivesExcluding ongoing or future acquisitions  the Group’s 2025 objectives include:Low single digit growth in EBITDAaL (CAGR 2022-2025)Increased discipline in CapexContinued growth of organic cash flow from telecoms activities to reach 4 billion euros in 2025.A ratio of net debt to EBITDAaL unchanged at 2x in the medium termAn increase in the ROCE in 2025 versus 2022In line with the solid growth in its organic cash flow  the Group expects to increase its dividend floor to 72 cents in respect of the 2023 financial year (payable in 2024)  and to reach a new floor of 75 cents in respect of the 2024 financial year (payable in 2025). This remains subject to the approval of the Shareholder Meeting.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Orange’s financial situation  results of operations and strategy. Although we believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to us or not currently considered material by us  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect our financial results is included in the Universal Registration Document filed on 31 March 2022 with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) and in the annual report (Form 20-F) filed on 1st April 2022 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Other than as required by law  Orange does not undertake any obligation to update them in light of new information or future developments.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications carriers with sales of €42 billion in 2019 and 143 000 employees as at September 30  2020  including 83 000 in France. The Group has a total customer base of 257 million customers worldwide at Wednesday  September 30  2020  including 212 million mobile customers and 21 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies  under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019  the Group presented its new ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan  which  guided by social and environmental accountability  aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model  the Group aims to be an attractive and responsible employer  adapted to emerging professions.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information (online and on your mobile): www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts:Sylvain Bruno; sylvain.bruno@orange.com ; +33 6 86 17 88 89Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.25,0.11,True,English,"['new strategic plan', 'Press release', 'future', 'Orange', 'Very High-Speed broadband experience', 'next generation commercial offer', 'new Konnect VHTS satellite', 'next generation connectivity solutions', 'strong position in cybersecurity', 'ambitious new company model', 'unrivalled competitive advantage', 'MásMóvil', 'difficult macro-economic conditions', 'responsible financial framework', 'considerable technology assets', 'major digital player', '46 million FTTH connections', 'solid financial position', 'demand enterprise networks', 'new strategic plan', 'satellite offer', 'new services', 'digital solutions', 'customer experience', 'seamless experience', 'financial capacity', 'Enterprise activities', 'core assets', 'solid finances', 'strategic partnerships', 'Press release', 'core business', 'Middle East', 'environmental responsibility', 'many structural', 'digital uses', 'customer demands', 'best technologies', 'complete re-positioning', 'B2B activities', 'high growth', 'Christel Heydemann', 'sustainable growth', 'first steps', 'consolidation projects', 'three principles', 'flawless execution', 'four pillars', 'a third', 'significant investments', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'physical channels', 'mainland France', 'isolated individuals', 'customer satisfaction', 'average revenue', 'mobile networks', 'RAN Shar', 'pragmatic plan', 'economic challenges', 'customers’ needs', 'customers’ satisfaction', 'coming years', '4G Home', 'intense competition', 'unique strengths', 'service quality', 'operational excellence', 'fiber deployment', 'telecoms sector', 'future entity', 'The Group', 'Orange employees', 'future plan', 'Paris', '16 February', 'value', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'repositioning', 'acceleration', 'heart', 'social', 'industry', 'explosion', 'increasing', 'terms', 'resilience', 'pioneer', 'reliability', 'addition', 'expectations', 'region', 'launch', 'Lead', 'CEO', 'infrastructure', 'NPS', 'expertise', 'teams', 'mastery', 'aim', 'sale', 'OCS', 'Spain', 'Belgium', 'acquisitions', 'performance', 'trust', 'Story', 'commitment', 'success', 'energies', 'shaping', 'end', 'continent', 'Data', 'personalized', '5G', 'brand', 'Eutelsat', 'businesses', 'price', 'combination', 'scale', 'development', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'offers', 'ARPO', 'sights', 'usages', 'tomorrow', 'researchers', 'colleagues', 'innovation', 'applications', 'Wi-Fi', 'countries', 'fixed']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18655,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Orange-CEO-Interview-FY-2022-results-and-Capital-Markets-Day-2023-video-43003879/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Orange CEO Interview - FY 2022 results and Capital Markets Day 2023 (video),(marketscreener.com) Orange  one of the world's leading telecommunications operators  just published its 2022 annual results and hosted its Capital Markets Day 2023. Christel Heydemann  CEO of the Orange group  comments on the Group’s results and new strateg…,"Orange  one of the world's leading telecommunications operators  just published its 2022 annual results and hosted its Capital Markets Day 2023. Christel Heydemann  CEO of the Orange group  comments on the Group’s results and new strategic plan.Watch video interview and read transcript:https://www.eurobusinessmedia.com/video/full-year-2022-results-and-capital-markets-day-2023/Topics covered in the interview include:Highlights of Q4 2022Revenue trendEBITDAaLCommercial performanceCAPEXOutlook 2023 and conclusion""LEAD THE FUTURE"" Strategic Plan""LEAD THE FUTURE"" Deep DiveValue CreationGuidance 2023-2025ConclusionAbout OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.5 billion euros in 2021 and 136 500 employees worldwide at 30 September 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 286 million customers worldwide at 30 September 2022  including 240 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019  the Group presented its ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan  which  guided by social and environmental accountability  aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model  the Group will be an attractive and responsible employer  adapted to emerging professions.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230216005473/en/",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Orange CEO Interview', 'Capital Markets Day', 'FY 2022 results', 'video', 'New York Stock Exchange', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'new strategic plan', 'Capital Markets Day', 'Revenue trend EBITDAaL', 'Value Creation Guidance', 'total customer base', 'Engage 2025"" strategic plan', 'View source version', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'FUTURE"" Strategic Plan', '240 million mobile customers', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', 'Orange Business Services', '286 million customers', 'telecommunication services', 'leading provider', 'Christel Heydemann', 'Commercial performance', 'Deep Dive', '42.5 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'environmental accountability', 'operator model', 'growth areas', 'innovation model', 'responsible employer', 'emerging professions', 'Euronext Paris', 'symbol ORA', 'service names', '2022 annual results', 'video interview', 'The Group', 'Orange group', 'world', 'CEO', 'transcript', 'eurobusinessmedia', 'full-year-2022-results', 'capital-markets', 'Topics', 'Highlights', 'Q4', 'CAPEX', 'Outlook', 'conclusion', 'sales', '136,500 employees', '30 September', '75,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'December', 'social', 'data', 'AI', 'heart', 'attractive', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'businesswire', '2021']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18656,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FINECOBANK-S-P-A-16738485/news/Fineco-concludes-EUR300-million-fixed-rate-bond-issue-43009629/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Fineco concludes EUR300 million fixed-rate bond issue,(marketscreener.com) FinecoBank Spa announced Thursday that it has completed the placement of its second market issuance of senior preferred bond instruments aimed at qualified investors  for a total amount of EUR300 million and a coupon for the first 5 years…,"(Alliance News) - FinecoBank Spa announced Thursday that it has completed the placement of its second market issuance of senior preferred bond instruments aimed at qualified investors  for a total amount of EUR300 million and a coupon for the first 5 years of 4.625 percent compared to an initial guidance of 5-year Mid swap rate + 175 basis points.The transaction's final spread is the lowest for this type of instrument in 2023 in the Italian landscape  thanks to an overall demand of 4 times supply and credit quality.The issue registered an order volume of EUR1.2 billion  ""confirming the appreciation shown towards FinecoBank by the market also in the fixed-income segment. The placement allows the bank to have an additional buffer against the fully loaded MREL LRE requirement "" the company explained in a note.Only institutional investors  mainly asset managers and banks/private banks  participated in the placement.The issue was placed mainly to institutional investors in Italy  the United Kingdom  France  Germany and Austria.In detail  the issue has the following features: maturity 6 years with call option for the issuer on the fifth year  public placement  intended for trading on the regulated market managed by Euronext Dublin  rating of BBB by S&P Global  annual fixed-rate coupon for the first 5 years  floating-rate between the fifth and sixth years.Fineco trades in the green by 2.5 percent at EUR16.90 per share.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.0,0.93,0.07,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['EUR300 million fixed-rate bond issue', 'Fineco', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'senior preferred bond instruments', '5-year Mid swap rate', 'Alliance News reporter', 'MREL LRE requirement', 'S&P Global', 'second market issuance', 'annual fixed-rate coupon', 'Italian landscape', 'qualified investors', 'total amount', 'initial guidance', '175 basis points', 'final spread', 'overall demand', '4 times supply', 'credit quality', 'order volume', 'fixed-income segment', 'additional buffer', 'institutional investors', 'asset managers', 'banks/private banks', 'United Kingdom', 'following features', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Claudia Cavaliere', 'first 5 years', 'sixth years', 'FinecoBank Spa', 'fifth year', 'public placement', '4.625 percent', 'transaction', 'type', 'issue', 'appreciation', 'company', 'note', 'Italy', 'France', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'detail', 'maturity', 'call', 'option', 'rating', 'BBB', 'green', '2.5 percent', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18657,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609343/0/en/Heineken-Holding-N-V-notes-FEMSA-s-intention-to-divest-its-shareholding-in-Heineken-Holding-N-V-and-Heineken-N-V.html,Heineken Holding N.V. notes FEMSA’s intention to divest its shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V.,Amsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has decided to focus solely on retail  Coca-Cola FEMSA and digital going forward. FEMSA intends to divest its f…,"Amsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has decided to focus solely on retail  Coca-Cola FEMSA and digital going forward. FEMSA intends to divest its full shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. and FEMSA’s representatives will resign from Heineken Holding N.V.’s Board of Directors and Heineken N.V.’s Supervisory Board with immediate effect.Heineken Holding N.V. respects FEMSA's decision to refocus its strategic priorities and would like to thank FEMSA for its contribution and support in growing the business over the past thirteen years.Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken and Michel de Carvalho  Executive Directors of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V.  commented: “We are grateful for the commitment and support of José Antonio Fernández Carbajal on the Board of Directors over the last thirteen years. We will miss him for his valuable contributions  guidance and collaboration.-END-Press enquiries Heineken Holding N.V.Kees JongsmaE-mail: cjongsma@spj.nlTel: +31-6-5479-8253Press enquiriesSarah Backhouse / Michael FuchsE-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-355Investor and analyst enquiriesFederico Castillo Martinez / Mark Matthews / Chris SteynE-mail: investors@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-590About HEINEKENHeineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company. HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN employs over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIO NA and HEIA NA and on Reuters under HEIO.AS and HEIN.AS. HEINEKEN has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY) and Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY). Most recent information is available on Heineken Holding N.V.’s website or Heineken N.V.'s website and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.37,0.11,0.52,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'FEMSA', 'intention', 'shareholding', 'José Antonio Fernández Carbajal', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'past thirteen years', 'Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken', 'Michel de Carvalho', 'last thirteen years', 'Federico Castillo Martinez', 'other production facilities', 'long-term brand investment', 'Most recent information', 'Heineken® brand', 'price-sensitive information', 'strategic review', 'full shareholding', 'immediate effect', 'strategic priorities', 'valuable contributions', 'Press enquiries', 'Kees Jongsma', 'Sarah Backhouse', 'Michael Fuchs', 'analyst enquiries', 'Mark Matthews', 'Chris Steyn', 'participating interest', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'ordinary shares', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO.AS', 'HEIN.AS.', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'press release', 'cost management', 'Better World', 'Supervisory Board', 'Executive Directors', 'Coca-Cola FEMSA', 'Amsterdam', 'announcement', 'outcome', 'retail', 'representatives', 'decision', 'support', 'business', 'commitment', 'guidance', 'collaboration', 'mail', 'nl', 'pressoffice', 'Investor', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'focused', 'sustainability', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'HKHHY', 'HEINY', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18658,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOCARTIS-GROUP-NV-22033639/news/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Biocartis-Announces-2022-Full-Year-Results-on-23-February-2023-43001068/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Announces 2022 Full Year Results on 23 February 2023,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION 16 February 2023  07:00 CET BIOCARTIS ANNOUNCES 2022 FULL YEAR RESULTS ON 23 FEBRUARY 2023 Mechelen  Belgium  16 February 2023 – Biocartis Group NV   an innovative molecular diagnostics company   anno…,"PRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION1 6 February 202 3   07:00 CETBIOCARTIS ANNOUNCES 2022 FULL YEAR RESULTS ON 23 FEBRUARY 2023Mechelen  Belgium  16 February 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  announces that it will report its 2022 full year results on 23 February 2023 at 07:00 CET.That day  the Biocartis management team will also host a conference call with live webcast presentation at 14:30 CET / 13:30h GMT (UK) / 08:30 EST (US).The live webcast presentation will be available through this link on the day of the event.on the day of the event. Only participants who want to ask a question and/or follow the event over the phone  are requested to register for the webcast presentation here. Upon registration  each participant will be provided with dial-in numbers and a unique personal PIN.While not required  it is recommended to join 5-10 minutes prior to the start of the call.Instructions are provided to ensure the necessary audio applications are downloaded and installed. Users can obtain these programs at no charge. The conference call and webcast will be conducted in English. A replay of the webcast will be available on the Biocartis investors’ website shortly after.--- END ---More information:e-mail: ir@biocartis.com@Biocartis_ www.linkedin.com/BiocartisAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.08,0.82,True,English,"['2022 Full Year Results', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', '23 February', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'unique personal PIN', 'necessary audio applications', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'FULL YEAR RESULTS', 'live webcast presentation', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Biocartis management team', 'Biocartis investors’ website', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'molecular testing', 'product labeling', 'The Biocartis', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'intended uses', 'Exchange Commission', 'current expectations', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'Forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'future periods', 'conference call', 'BIOCARTIS ANNOUNCES', 'Company directors', 'universal access', 'actual events', 'past trends', 'other factors', 'future events', 'future performance', 'February', '07:00 CET', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', '14:30 CET', '13:30h', 'UK', 'link', 'day', 'participants', 'question', 'phone', 'registration', 'dial', 'numbers', '5-10', 'start', 'Instructions', 'Users', 'programs', 'charge', 'English', 'replay', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', 'addition', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', '08:30']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18659,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEINEKEN-HOLDING-N-V-6407/news/Heineken-Holding-N-V-notes-FEMSA-s-intention-to-divest-its-shareholding-in-Heineken-Holding-N-V-an-43001362/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Heineken Holding N.V. notes FEMSA's intention to divest its shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V.,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has decided to focus solely on retail  Coca-Cola FEMSA and digital going forward. FEMSA in…,"Amsterdam  16 February 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. notes the announcement by FEMSA on the outcome of its strategic review. FEMSA announced that it has decided to focus solely on retail  Coca-Cola FEMSA and digital going forward. FEMSA intends to divest its full shareholding in Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. and FEMSA’s representatives will resign from Heineken Holding N.V.’s Board of Directors and Heineken N.V.’s Supervisory Board with immediate effect.Heineken Holding N.V. respects FEMSA's decision to refocus its strategic priorities and would like to thank FEMSA for its contribution and support in growing the business over the past thirteen years.Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken and Michel de Carvalho  Executive Directors of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V.  commented: “We are grateful for the commitment and support of José Antonio Fernández Carbajal on the Board of Directors over the last thirteen years. We will miss him for his valuable contributions  guidance and collaboration.-END-Press enquiries Heineken Holding N.V.Kees JongsmaE-mail: cjongsma@spj.nlTel: +31-6-5479-8253Press enquiriesSarah Backhouse / Michael FuchsE-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-355Investor and analyst enquiriesFederico Castillo Martinez / Mark Matthews / Chris SteynE-mail: investors@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-590About HEINEKENHeineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company. HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN employs over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIO NA and HEIA NA and on Reuters under HEIO.AS and HEIN.AS. HEINEKEN has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY) and Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY). Most recent information is available on Heineken Holding N.V.’s website or Heineken N.V.'s website and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.11,0.52,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'FEMSA', 'intention', 'shareholding', 'José Antonio Fernández Carbajal', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Heineken N.V.', 'past thirteen years', 'Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken', 'Michel de Carvalho', 'last thirteen years', 'Federico Castillo Martinez', 'other production facilities', 'long-term brand investment', 'Most recent information', 'Heineken® brand', 'price-sensitive information', 'strategic review', 'full shareholding', 'immediate effect', 'strategic priorities', 'valuable contributions', 'Press enquiries', 'Kees Jongsma', 'Sarah Backhouse', 'Michael Fuchs', 'analyst enquiries', 'Mark Matthews', 'Chris Steyn', 'participating interest', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'ordinary shares', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO.AS', 'HEIN.AS.', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'press release', 'cost management', 'Better World', 'Supervisory Board', 'Executive Directors', 'Coca-Cola FEMSA', 'Amsterdam', 'announcement', 'outcome', 'retail', 'representatives', 'decision', 'support', 'business', 'commitment', 'guidance', 'collaboration', 'mail', 'nl', 'pressoffice', 'Investor', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'focused', 'sustainability', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'HKHHY', 'HEINY', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18660,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fourth-quarter-sales-fy-2022-060000747.html,FOURTH QUARTER SALES & FY 2022 RESULTS,FOURTH QUARTER SALES & FY 2022 RESULTS: Record results in FY 2022 and lowest-ever indebtedness ratio Delivering on our Power Up 2025 strategic plan Entering ...,"REXELFOURTH QUARTER SALES & FY 2022 RESULTS: Record results in FY 2022 and lowest-ever indebtedness ratioDelivering on our Power Up 2025 strategic planEntering 2023 with positive momentum→ FY22: Record results - Delivering on our Power Up 2025 strategic journey→ FY 22 sales of €18 701.6m  up +14.1% on a same day basis  driven by both volume and prices. Sales growth boosted by accelerating electrification trends in Europe.Q4 22 sales of €4 802.3m  up +12.3% on a constant and same-day basis→ FY adj. EBITA of €1 368.5m  up +35.7% and adjusted EBITA margin at 7.3% (up +118 bps) from robust activity coupled with our more efficient organization. Adj. EBITA margin includes 66 bps of positive one-off effects from inventory price inflation on non-cable products  net of higher performance-linked bonuses→ Recurring net income up +58.6% in FY 2022 to €911.8m  reaching a new all-time high  leading to a record dividend of €1.20 per share.→ Record positive Free Cash Flow before interest and tax of €873.3m in FY 2022 (€680.6m in 2021). Lowest-ever full-year indebtedness ratio at 0.96x. Rating upgraded in 2022 by both S&P and Moody's.→ Active portfolio management with 5 acquisitions and 4 disposals  including the operations announced in January 2023  fully in line with our strategy. The combined net effect is positive on sales  profitability and ROCE→ 2023 outlook: Same-day sales growth of between 2% and 6%  adjusted EBITA margin between 6.3% and 6.7% and conversion of free cash flow before interest and tax above 60%→ Power up 2025 : Well on track to deliver our 2022-2025 ambitionsKey figures1 (€m) - Actual FY 2022 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 18 701.6 +27.3% On a constant and actual-day basis +13.8% On a constant and same-day basis +14.1% Gross margin2 3 4 892.2 +16.1% As a percentage of sales 26.2% 53 bps Adjusted EBITA2 1 368.5 +35.7% As a percentage of sales 7.3% 118 bps Reported EBITA 1 344.8 +39.5% Operating income 1 343.0 +47.3% Net income 922.3 +54.3% Recurring net income 911.8 +58.6% FCF before interest and tax 873.3 +28.3% Net debt at end of period 1 458.4 €93m decrease1 See definition in the Glossary section of this document 2 Change at comparable scope of consolidation 3 Adjusted for non-recurring copper effectStory continuesGuillaume TEXIER  Chief Executive Officer  said:“Rexel had another excellent year in 2022  performing above the upgraded guidance it provided in Q3 and confirming that Rexel can consistently deliver in terms of profitability  agility and resilience. The Group’s record results enable it to pay an all-time high dividend to shareholders. The indebtedness ratio  below 1 time for the first time ever  leaves ample room for value-creating acquisitions and further share buybacks. 2022 was also the year that saw a step change in electrification trends worldwide. We are entering 2023 with a solid platform to drive further growth  continuing to harness powerful and sustainable electrification trends  deploy our digitalization strategy and heighten our focus on ESG  as illustrated by our inclusion in the CAC 40 ESG Index. We are also unveiling today our purpose statement  which points to our key role in electrification and to our focus on sustainability. Building on Rexel’s achievements  as well as on its engaged and highly-performing teams  we are well on track to achieve our Power Up 2025 objectives presented last June.” FINANCIAL REVIEW FOR THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31  20222022 consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on February 15  2023. They have been audited by statutory auditors.The following terms: Reported EBITA  Adjusted EBITA  EBITDA  EBITDAaL  Recurring net income  Free Cash Flow and Net Debt are defined in the Glossary section of this document.Unless otherwise stated  all comments are on a constant and adjusted basis and  for sales  at same number of working days.SALESIn Q4  sales were up +17.8% year-on-year on a reported basis and up +12.3% on a constant and same-day basis.In the fourth-quarter  Rexel posted sales of €4 802.3 million  up +17.8% on a reported basis  including:A positive currency effect of €152.7 million (i.e. 3.7% of Q4 2021 sales)  mainly due to the appreciation of the US and Canadian dollars;A positive net scope effect of €164.9 million (i.e. 4.0% of Q4 2021 sales)  mainly resulting from the acquisitions of Mayer and Horizon Solutions in the US and Trilec in Belgium;A negative calendar effect of (3.0)%.Key figures (€m) Q4 2022 YoY change FY 2022 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 4 802.3 +17.8% 18 701.6 +27.3% On a constant and actual-day basis +9.3% +13.8% On a constant and same-day basis +12.3% +14.1%In Q4 2022  sales were up +12.3% on a constant and same-day basis (or +9.3% on a constant and actual-day basis)  with growth well balanced between volumes and selling price increases on non-cable products in all geographies.The same-day sales growth of +12.3% in the quarter resulted from a +6.0% rise in volumes  an increase of +7.2% in the selling price of non-cable products and a decrease of (0.8)% on copper-based cable prices.While volumes were robust in the quarter both in Europe  growing by +7.2%  and in North America up +6.4%  they were down (3.3)% in Asia-Pacific  notably due to New Zealand and the pandemic situation in China in December.Same-day sales growth benefited from the boost in electrification in four product categories (Solar  Electric Vehicle charging infrastructure  HVAC and Industrial Automation)  which grew by +30% in Q4 and represented 20% of sales at Group level. This is fully in line with the Power Up 2025 ambition to grow those businesses at twice the pace of the ED business.We posted further growth in digitalization in all three geographies  with digital sales now representing 26.7% of sales  up +308bps compared to Q4 2021. Trends were positive in Europe (37.2% of sales  an increase of +169 bps)  Asia-Pacific (up +16bps  to 5.5% of sales) and North America (17.4% of sales  an increase of +390 bps) with the strong progression in the US fueled by the company's transformation journey.In addition  we have also further implemented our digital strategy and more specifically:Accelerated the development of our User Interface  User experience and customer experience by improving content  visibility  navigation  page flow…;Scaled up AI solutions deployment to fuel growth and performance  extending Next Best Offer and the Pricing module  to two additional countries.In FY 2022  Rexel posted sales of €18 701.6 million  up +27.3% on a reported basis. On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +14.1%  including positive impacts from volume of +4.3%  non-cable copper prices of +8.6% and change in copper-based cable prices (+1.2% vs. a positive impact of +5.2% in 2021).The +27.3% increase in sales on a reported basis included:A positive currency effect of €668.8 million (i.e. +4.6% of FY 2021 sales)  mainly due to the appreciation of the US and Canadian dollars;A positive net scope effect of €1 081.1 million (i.e. +7.4% of FY 2021 sales)  mainly resulting from the acquisition of Mayer and Horizon Solutions in the US and Trilec in Belgium  offsetting the disposals of businesses including Rexel Spain and Portugal;A broadly neutral calendar effect of (0.3)%.Europe (51% of Group sales): +16.0% in Q4 and +13.9% in FY  on a constant and same-day basisIn the fourth-quarter   sales in Europe increased by +13.3% on a reported basis  including:A negative currency effect of (0.4)%  or €(8.7) million  mainly due to the depreciation of the Swedish Krona and the British pound against the euro;A negative scope effect of (0.8)%  or €(16.8) million  from the net effects between the acquisition of Trilec in Belgium and the disposals of Rexel Spain & Portugal;A negative calendar effect of (1.4)%.On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +16.0%  including a positive volume contribution +7.2% and a price effect of +8.9%.Key figures (€m) Q4 2022 YoY change FY 2022 YoY change Europe 2 460.6 +16.0% 9 408.1 +13.9% France 933.0 +15.1% 3 503.8 +10.8% Scandinavia 324.9 +13.5% 1 203.7 +13.9% Benelux 306.6 +23.8% 1 098.6 +20.9% Germany 253.0 +22.6% 979.6 +20.2% UK 195.7 +10.2% 809.6 +11.7% Switzerland 166.7 +6.9% 618.4 +5.6%In Europe  electrification trends continue to support our growth  with our three product families (solar  EV charging infrastructure and HVAC) growing by more than 60% (contributing for 810bps of same-day sales growth in Europe in Q4 22) and representing more than 18% of sales.Sales in France (38% of the region’s sales) posted solid +15.1% growth  outperforming the market in Q4 and FY. The quarter was driven by growth acceleration in all end-markets.Sales in Scandinavia (13% of the region’s sales) were up +13.5%  notably driven by industrial activity and strong demand in solar products.Benelux (12% of the region’s sales) was up +23.8%  with market outperformance in the Netherlands thanks to the very strong growth in Solar  EV and HVAC (36% of sales).Sales in Germany (10% of the region’s sales) were up +22.6%  with further market share gains. Demand is accelerating very strongly in solar (c. 60% of the country's growth) as a result of efforts to increase the country's energy independence.In the UK (8% of the region’s sales)  sales were up +10.2%  despite lower contribution (-330bps in Q4 22) from projects with the Department of Education (school air filtration and CO2 equipment).North America (42% of Group sales): +10.2% in Q4 and +16.3% in FY on a constant and same-day basisIn the fourth-quarter   sales in North America were up +27.7% on a reported basis  including:A positive currency effect of +10.1%  or €158.8 million  due to the appreciation of the US and Canadian dollars against the euro;A positive scope effect of +11.6%  or €181.7 million  from the acquisition of Mayer and Horizon Solutions in the US;A negative calendar effect of (5.3)%.On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +10.2%  including +6.4% from volume growth and +3.8% from price effect.Key figures (€m) Q4 2022 YoY change FY 2022 YoY change North America 2 000.5 +10.2% 7 893.5 +16.3% United States 1 637.3 +9.4% 6 425.4 +16.8% Mountain Plains +31.4% +34.5% Gulf Central +24.3% +33.8% California +23.1% +20.6% Midwest +20.0% +20.5% Florida +12.3% +18.9% Northeast +9.3% +7.3% Northwest +5.9% +16.2% Southeast (0.5) % +8.9% Canada 363.2 +14.0% 1 468.0 +14.2%In North America  the four product families contributing to electrification grew c. 11% and represented c. 18% of sales (including Industrial automation for 12.6% of sales and Solar for 4.1%).In the US (82% of the region’s sales)  sales were up +9.4% in Q4 22  driven by robust demand in the Commercial and Industrial end-markets  offsetting the declining trend in residential activity. The backlog remains very high  up +4% vs. Q3 2022 (or up c. 95% vs Q4 21)  representing c. three months of sales.In Canada (18% of the region’s sales)  sales grew by +14.0% on a same-day basis. The strong performance was notably supported by the Proximity end-market and Industrial activities (O&G and mining contributing for 240bps and 190bps respectively).Asia-Pacific (7% of Group sales): +0.7% in Q4 and +3.9% in FY on a constant and same-day basisIn the fourth-quarter   sales in Asia-Pacific were up +0.8% on a reported basis  including:A positive currency effect of +0.8%  or €2.6 million  due to the appreciation of the Australian dollar and  to a lesser extent  the Chinese renminbi;A negative calendar effect of (0.7)%.On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +0.7%  including (3.3)% volume growth and +4.0% price effect.Key figures (€m) Q4 2022 YoY change FY 2022 YoY change Asia-Pacific 341.2 +0.7% 1 400.1 +3.9% Australia 153.0 +6.0% 598.5 +7.0% China 135.8 (2.6)% 589.2 +0.7%In the Pacific (54% of the region’s sales)  sales were up +4.9% on a constant and same-day basis: In Australia (83% of Pacific’s sales)  sales were up +6.0%  thanks to the Industrial and Commercial end-markets. The performance was consistent with H1 22 growth after a very strong Q3 22 that benefited from a favorable comparable base (lockdown in Q3 21).In Asia (46% of the region’s sales)  sales were down (3.8)% on a constant and same-day basis: In China (87% of Asia’s sales)  sales were down (2.6)%  impacted by Covid in December.PROFITABILITYAdjusted EBITA margin at 7.3% in FY 2022  up 118 bps compared to FY 2021FY 2022 (€m) Europe North America Asia-Pacific Holding Group Sales & AD growth 9 408 13.6% 7 893 16.1% 1 400 3.4% 18 702 13.8% Constant & SD basis 13.9% 16.3% 3.9% 14.1% Gross margin 2 606 2 019 267 4 892 % of sales 27.7% 17 bps 25.6% 70 bps 19.1% 132 bps 26.2% 53 bps Adj. EBITA 725 649 26 -31 1 369 % of sales 7.7% 55 bps 8.2% 190 bps 1.9% -50 bps 7.3% 118 bps Group contribution 34 bps 81 bps -5bps 8 bps 118 bpsThe +13.8% actual sales growth in FY 22 translated into gross margin improvement of +53 bps year-on-year  at 26.2% of sales  and an adjusted EBITA margin of 7.3%. The graph below details the +118 bps improvement in Adjusted EBITA margin:For the graph  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release.The progression notably includes:A positive operating leverage impact of +156 bps  largely from our capacity to pass through price increases.A net positive non-recurring effect of circa +66bps as a result of: A positive one-off Gross Margin gain on non-cable inventory price inflation for +95bps A negative -29bps one-off effect from higher performance-linked bonuses  in a context of better-than-anticipated activity compared to our initial budgetAn opex inflation impact of -70 bps due to overall inflation of +4.1% including +3.7% in salary and +6.1% from other opex notably from increased Energy and fuel prices.Restated for non-recurring items in both 2021 and 2022  adjusted EBITA margin was up circa 91 bps  supported by robust activity coupled with our more efficient organization. Those tailwinds more than offset overall opex inflation.By geography:Europe: Gross margin was up + 17 bps vs. FY 2021 at 27.7% of sales. Adjusted EBITA margin was up +55 bps in 2022  at 7.7% of sales  benefiting from robust sales growth  offsetting investment in people  higher inflation in opex and negative country mix. The 7.7% adjusted Ebita margin 2022 includes c.75 bps of non-recurring impact from inventory price inflation on non-cable products  net of higher performance-linked bonuses.North America:Gross margin was up +70 bps vs. FY 2021 at 25.6% of sales. Adjusted EBITA margin was up +190 bps at 8.2% of sales  thanks to sales growth  pricing power and Mayer synergies. North America became the most profitable geography. The 8.2% adjusted Ebita margin 2022 includes c.60 bps of non-recurring impact from inventory price inflation on non-cable products  net of higher performance-linked bonuses.Asia-Pacific:Gross margin was up +132 bps year-on-year at 19.1% of sales. Adjusted EBITA margin was down -50 bps  at 1.9% of sales  due to lower activity and bad debt in China in a Covid context (-140bps impact on APAC's adjusted EBITA margin). The 1.9% adjusted Ebita margin 2022 includes c. 40 bps of non-recurring impact from inventory price inflation on non-cable products  net of higher performance-linked bonuses.At corporate level  adjusted EBITA amounted to €(31.5) million  in line with the normative level.As a result  adjusted EBITA stood at €1 368.5 million  up +35.7%  in FY 2022 and reported EBITA stood at €1 344.8 million (including a negative one-off copper effect of €(23.7) million)  up +39.5% year-on-year.Focusing on the bridge from EBITDA to Reported EBITA:EBITDA margin was up +38 bps at 9.0%Depreciation of Right of Use stands at €(220.5) million  up versus last year  notably explained by the active acquisitions strategyOther depreciation and Amortization stood at €(115.4) million  implying 0.6% of sales  slightly lower than the 0.7% in 2021.Key figures (€m) FY 2021 FY 2022 YoY change EBITDA 1 264.4 1 680.8 32.9 % % EBITDA margin 8.6 % 9.0 % Depreciation Right of Use (IFRS 16) (192.0) (220.5) Other depreciation and amortization (108.7) (115.4) Reported EBITA 963.7 1 344.8 39.5 %NET INCOMENet income of €922.3 million in 2022Recurring net income up +58.6% to €911.8 million in 2022Operating income in the full year stood at €1 343.0 million  up from €911.8 million in 2021.Amortization of intangible assets resulting from purchase price allocation amounted to €(13.9) million (vs. €(7.3) million in 2021)Other income and expenses amounted to a net positive income of €12.1 million (vs. a net charge of €(44.6) million in 2021) and included: €42.7 million net disposal gain related to sale of operations in Spain  Portugal and Russia€(10.9) million of acquisition and integration costs€(8.3) million related to abandonment of IT developments€(5.9) million of restructuring costs (vs €(5.6) million in 2021)Net financial expenses in the full year amounted to €(119.4) million (vs. €(133.1) million in 2021)  and can be broken down as follows:€(69.6) million in 2022 from financial cost before one-off expenses  change in fair value of derivatives and foreign exchange gains & losses compared to €(63.4) million in 2021. The increase is explained by higher average gross debt.€(46.5) million from interest on lease liabilities in 2022 vs €(40.4) million in 2021€(3.3) million in 2022 from others including one-offs  change in fair-value of derivatives  foreign exchange gains and losses  pensions vs €(29.3) million in 2021. The FY 2021 was affected by one-offs of €(22.6)m from the early repayment of the €500 million senior notes due in 2025 (coupon: 2.125%) completed at the end of May 2021 and the €600 million senior notes due in 2026 (coupon: 2.75%) completed in November 2021 refinanced by two Sustainability Linked bonds for €1bn maturing in 2028 at 2.125%.The effective interest rate decreased to 2.29% in 2022 compared to 2.42% in 2021  largely from the refinancing offsetting the rise in interest rates.Income tax in the full year represented a charge of €(301.2) million (vs. €(180.8) million in 2021) mainly reflecting the improvement of pre-tax income. In 2022  income tax expense benefited from the €12.8 million positive effect of the non-taxable gain on the disposal of Rexel Spain and Portugal while income tax expense in 2021 was impacted by a €26.5 million one-off gain related to the deferred tax asset recognition on tax losses carried forward  mainly in the UK and Germany.Effective tax rate stood at 24.6% in 2022 (25.7% excluding one-offs) compared to 23.2% in 2021 (26.6% excluding one-offs). The decrease in effective tax rate adjusted for one-offs mainly reflects the drop of the French tax rate.Net income in the full year was €922.3 million (vs. €597.6 million in 2021).Recurring net income amounted to €911.8 million in 2022  up +58.6% compared to 2021 (Appendix 3).FINANCIAL STRUCTUREFree cash-flow before interest and tax of €873.3 million in 2022Indebtedness ratio of 0.96x at December 31  2022In the full year  free cash flow before interest and tax was an inflow of €873.3 million (vs. an inflow of €680.6 million in 2021)  representing a free cash flow conversion rate (EBITDAaL into FCF before interest and taxes) of 61.4%  above guidance (> 60%).This net inflow included:EBITDAaL of €1 422.2 million (vs €1 035.2 million in 2021)  of which €(258.6) million of lease payments in 2022;An outflow of €(391.8) million from change in working capital (compared to an outflow of €(209.0) million in 2021)  consistent with the sales growth recorded in 2022. The change in trade working capital stood at €(346.6) million  combined with an outflow of (45.2) million from the change in non-trade working capital; As a percentage of sales over the last 12 months  on a constant basis  total working capital requirements amounted to 11.7% as of December 31  2022  compared to 11.1% in 2021  from an increase in non-trade working capital  while the trade WCR was stable at 14.0% of sales in 2022 (vs 13.9% in 2021).A cash outflow from restructuring (€(10.9) million in 2022 vs €(12.5) million in 2021);A higher level of net capital expenditure (€(125.4) million vs. €(103.2) million in 2021). Gross capex stood at €(148.4) million and represented 0.8% of sales vs 0.7% in 2021  mainly on higher investment in automatized supply chain solution  in line with the Power Up 2025 strategy.Below FCF before interest and tax  the cash flow statement took into account:€(59.9) million of net interest paid in 2022 (vs €(56.1) million paid in 2021);€(310.8) million of income tax paid in the full-year  compared to €(199.0) million paid in 2021  from higher performance;€(56.6) million of financial investment  corresponding to the net effect between cash-out for the two acquisitions and proceeds from the three disposals;€(230.1) million of dividends paid in 2022 based on 2021 earnings (€0.75 per share);€(66.3) million of share buybacks as part of the four-year ambition of €400m;€(51.5) million of negative currency effects during the full year (vs a negative €(36.9) million in 2021) due to the strong appreciation of the US Dollar.At December 31  2022:Net financial debt decreased by €(92.8) million year-on-year at €1 458.4 million (vs €1 551.2 million at December 31  2021).T h e indebtedness ratio (Net financial debt/EBITDAaL)   as calculated under the Senior Credit Agreement terms  reached its lowest level ever at 0.96x  significantly lower than the 1.37x at December 31  2021.INCREASED DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION WITH A PROPOSAL OF €1.20 PER SHARE  PAYABLE IN CASHRexel will propose to shareholders a record-high dividend of €1.20 per share  to be paid fully in cash. This represents a payout of 40% of the Group’s recurring net income  in line with Rexel’s policy of paying out at least 40% of recurring net income.This dividend  payable in cash on May 11  2023 (detachment date on May 9th)  will be subject to approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held in Paris on April 20  2023.ON TRACK TO ACHIEVE OUR POWER UP 2025 OBJECTIVESOur record 2022 results put us well on track to achieve the 2022-2025 four-year objectives presented at our Capital Markets Day in June. That includes our financial targets as well as our capital allocation and business ambitions.Power Up 2025 Year 1 achievements 4% to 7% organic growth over 4 years 14.1% same-day sales growth 6.5% to 7% adj. Ebita margin in 2025 7.3%1 adj. Ebita margin FCF conversion above 60% each year 61.4% FCF conversion Share buyback of €400m over 4 years €66m completed M&A contribution to sales up to €2bn in 4 years €500m of sales acquired Divestments of between €200m & €500m of sales €450m of sales disposed 40% of digital sales in 2025 +25% of digital revenues; i.e. 27% of Q4 2022 sales Becoming a leader in ESG Net Zero ambition validated by SBTiincluding 66bps of non-recurring itemsREXEL'S PURPOSEIn order to support our strategic roadmap  we announced today our purpose :""Electrifying solutions that make a sustainable future possible""Each of the words in our purpose statement resonates:“Electrifying” is a reference to electricity and electrification  but also to the passion of our teams.“Solutions” covers both products and services.“A sustainable future” notably refers to our ESG focus as well as new energies  innovation  digital advanced services are strong internal drivers.“Make possible” refers to our unique role in the value chain. We partner with suppliers and professionals to propose the best products and push new services to the market to help make the energy transition a reality.ACTIVE PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENTRexel recently announced three transactions to reinforce its portfolio and its local footprint in key regions. They include :Two acquisitions of quality businesses in North America : one in the US  with further market share gains and one in Canada  complementary to our existing footprint.The disposal of Rexel's activity in Norway.The combined operations will contribute positively to our sales  earnings and Return On Capital Employed in year 1.Acquisition of Buckles Smith Electric Company in the USOn January 5th  Rexel US signed and closed the acquisition of Buckles Smith Electric Company  a regional industrial automation distributor  the last independent player in the region. Based in Santa Clara  California  the company generated USD150m of sales in 2022  through 6 branches and 153 employees.Buckles Smith is a high-quality company with higher profitability than Rexel's North American average. This acquisition is highly synergistic with our other Rockwell specialized distribution territories as well as with our Californian operations. It strengthens our position in the region and allow us to gain further market share in California  the biggest addressable market in the US (c. 13% of the total US market).Acquisition of Lineman’s Testing Laboratories in CanadaOn January 17th  Rexel Canada signed and closed the acquisition of Lineman’s Testing Laboratories  a leading provider of high-voltage electrical services and products to the utility and industrial markets. The company was founded in Toronto in 1958  has 63 employees and generated c. 25m of sales in 2022.This acquisition will be a valuable complement to Rexel’s portfolio  notably for the utility market.Disposal of operations in NorwayRexel also announces the signing of the divestment of its operations in Norway to Kesko on January 27. Rexel’s activities in Norway  generating sales of approximately €250m in 2022  were less profitable than Group average and presented less strategic and value creation potential for the future. The completion of the transaction is subject to the approval of Norway’s competition authority.Since January 1  2021  through 10 transactions  Rexel has acquired c. €1.5bn of sales and it has carried out 6 divestments representing c. €0.5bn of sales  materially enhancing the Group’s growth and profitability profile and reinforcing its capabilities to address the challenges and opportunities of the energy transition and electrification trends.OUTLOOKLeveraging our transformation and enhanced efficiency  we target for 2023  at comparable scope of consolidation and exchange rates:Same-day sales growth of between 2% and 6%An adjusted EBITA 1 margin of between 6.3% and 6.7%Free cash flow conversion2 above 60%1 Excluding (i) amortization of PPA and (ii) the non-recurring effect related to changes in copper-based cable prices.2 FCF Before interest and tax/EBITDAaLNB: The estimated impacts per quarter of (i) calendar effects by geography  (ii) changes in the consolidation scope and (iii) currency fluctuations (based on assumptions of average rates over the rest of the year for the Group's main currencies) are detailed in appendix 6CALENDARApril 20  2023 First-quarter 2023 salesApril 20  2023 2023 Annual Shareholders' MeetingMay 9  2023 Detachment date of the dividendMay 11  2023 Dividend paymentJuly 28  2023 Second-quarter sales and H1 2023 resultsFINANCIAL INFORMATION2022 consolidated financial statements are available on the Group’s website (www.rexel.com).A slideshow of the fourth-quarter sales and full-year 2022 results publication is also available on the Group’s website.ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 900 branches in 21 countries  with more than 26 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €18.7 billion in 2022.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS / INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSBrunswick: Thomas KAMM +33 1 53 96 83 92 tkamm@brunswickgroup.comGLOSSARYREPORTED EBITA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes and Amortization) is defined as operating income before amortization of intangible assets recognized upon purchase price allocation and before other income and other expenses.ADJUSTED EBITA is defined as Reported EBITA excluding the estimated non-recurring net impact from changes in copper-based cable prices.EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization) is defined as operating income before depreciation and amortization and before other income and other expenses.EBITDAaL is defined as EBITDA after deduction of lease payment following the adoption of IFRS16.RECURRING NET INCOME is defined as net income restated for non-recurring copper effect  other expenses and income  non-recurring financial expenses  net of tax effect associated with the above items.FREE CASH FLOW is defined as cash from operating activities minus net capital expenditure.NET DEBT is defined as financial debt less cash and cash equivalents. Net debt includes debt hedge derivatives.APPENDIXFor appendix  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release.DISCLAIMERThe Group is exposed to fluctuations in copper prices in connection with its distribution of cable products. Cables accounted for approximately 19% of the Group's sales and copper accounts for approximately 60% of the composition of cables. This exposure is indirect since cable prices also reflect copper suppliers' commercial policies and the competitive environment in the Group's markets. Changes in copper prices have an estimated so-called ""recurring"" effect and an estimated so called ""non-recurring"" effect on the Group's performance assessed as part of the monthly internal reporting process of the Rexel Group: i) the recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the change in value of the copper part included in the sales price of cables from one period to another. This effect mainly relates to the Group’s sales; ii) the non-recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the effect of copper price variations on the sales price of cables between the time they are purchased and the time they are sold  until all such inventory has been sold (direct effect on gross profit). Practically  the non-recurring effect on gross profit is determined by comparing the historical purchase price for copper-based cable and the supplier price effective at the date of the sale of the cables by the Rexel Group. Additionally  the non-recurring effect on EBITA corresponds to the non-recurring effect on gross profit  which may be offset  when appropriate  by the non-recurring portion of changes in the distribution and administrative expenses.The impact of these two effects is assessed for as much of the Group’s total cable sales as possible  over each period. Group procedures require that entities that do not have the information systems capable of such exhaustive calculations to estimate these effects based on a sample representing at least 70% of the sales in the period. The results are then extrapolated to all cables sold during the period for that entity. Considering the sales covered. the Rexel Group considers such estimates of the impact of the two effects to be reasonable.This document may contain statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements. By their nature  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in the Universal Registration Document registered with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on March 10  2022 under number D.22-0083.These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of Rexel's future performance  Rexel's actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity as well as development of the industry in which Rexel operates may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this release. The forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this communication and Rexel does not undertake  unless required by law or regulation  to update any of the forward-looking statements after this date to conform such statements to actual results to reflect the occurrence of anticipated results or otherwise.The market and industry data and forecasts included in this document were obtained from internal surveys  estimates  experts and studies  where appropriate  as well as external market research  publicly available information and industry publications. Rexel  its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees have not independently verified the accuracy of any such market and industry data and forecasts and make no representations or warranties in relation thereto. Such data and forecasts are included herein for information purposes only.This document includes only summary information and must be read in conjunction with Rexel’s Universal Registration Document registered with the AMF on March 10  2022 under number D.22-0083  as well as the financial statements and consolidated result and activity report for the 2021 fiscal year which may be obtained from Rexel’s website (www.rexel.com).Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.17,0.15,True,English,"['FOURTH QUARTER SALES', 'FY 2022 RESULTS', 'Record positive Free Cash Flow', 'Power Up 2025 strategic plan', 'Power Up 2025 strategic journey', 'ever full-year indebtedness ratio', 'positive net scope effect', 'Actual FY 2022 YoY change', 'Power Up 2025 objectives', 'positive currency effect', 'positive one-off effects', 'recurring copper effect', 'negative calendar effect', 'lowest-ever indebtedness ratio', 'higher performance-linked bonuses', 'Active portfolio management', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'combined net effect', '2022 consolidated financial statements', 'Recurring net income', 'inventory price inflation', 'CAC 40 ESG Index', 'sustainable electrification trends', 'same day basis', 'YoY change Sales', 'FOURTH QUARTER SALES', 'Adj. EBITA margin', 'Same-day sales growth', 'positive momentum', 'comparable scope', 'Net debt', 'Record results', 'record dividend', 'Operating income', 'FINANCIAL REVIEW', 'same number', 'step change', 'price increases', 'selling price', 'FY adj.', 'same-day basis', 'robust activity', 'efficient organization', 'S&P', '2022-2025 ambitions', 'Key figures1', 'Glossary section', 'Guillaume TEXIER', 'high dividend', 'ample room', 'solid platform', 'purpose statement', 'key role', 'statutory auditors', 'working days', 'Canadian dollars', 'Horizon Solutions', 'actual-day basis', 'adjusted basis', 'FY 2022 RESULTS', 'cable products', 'The Group', 'share buybacks', 'digitalization strategy', 'PERIOD ENDED', 'following terms', 'FY 22 sales', 'Q4 22 sales', 'Q4 2021 sales', 'excellent year', 'first time', 'value-creating acquisitions', '5 acquisitions', '1 time', 'REXEL', 'FY22', 'volume', 'prices', 'Europe', 'constant', '66 bps', 'interest', 'tax', 'Moody', '4 disposals', 'operations', 'January', 'line', 'profitability', 'ROCE', '2023 outlook', 'conversion', 'track', 'percentage', 'EBITA2', 'FCF', 'definition', 'document', 'consolidation', 'Story', 'guidance', 'Q3', 'agility', 'resilience', 'shareholders', 'powerful', 'focus', 'inclusion', 'sustainability', 'achievements', 'engaged', 'issue', 'Board', 'Directors', 'February', 'EBITDA', 'comments', 'fourth-quarter', 'appreciation', 'Mayer', 'Trilec', 'Belgium', 'geographies', '+6.0% rise', '7.', '0.', '3.']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18661,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-provides-update-on-ema-regulatory-review-of-leniolisib-for-apds-in-europe-301748492.html,Pharming provides update on EMA regulatory review of leniolisib for APDS in Europe,"EMA Marketing Authorisation Application for leniolisib changed to standard review timetable LEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the Euro…","EMA Marketing Authorisation Application for leniolisib changed to standard review timetableLEIDEN  Netherlands  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Human Medicinal Products (CHMP) has decided to shift its assessment of the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib to a standard review timetable. Leniolisib is an oral selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor under regulatory review as a treatment for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS)  a rare primary immunodeficiency  in adolescents and adults 12 years of age and older.Pharming has received the list of questions from EMA which included a request to submit updated data from the ongoing long-term extension study collected after the interim analysis included in the original MAA. Based on the timetable for our responses  Pharming expects that CHMP will issue its opinion on the leniolisib MAA in 2H 2023.Sijmen de Vries  CEO of Pharming commented:""We are continuing to work with EMA through the MAA review process and remain dedicated to seeking regulatory approval of leniolisib within the European Economic Area. In the US  the FDA's priority review of the leniolisib NDA remains on track  with a PDUFA goal date of March 29  2023. We remain focused on achieving regulatory approvals and bringing leniolisib to patients living with APDS worldwide.""Following the grant of accelerated assessment in August 2022  EMA validated Pharming's MAA for leniolisib for scientific evaluation under an accelerated assessment by the CHMP in October 2022. The MAA is supported by positive data from a Phase II/III study of leniolisib  announced on February 2  2022  which met its co-primary endpoints of reduction in lymph node size and increase in percentage of naïve B cells in patients with APDS. Furthermore  safety data from the study showed that leniolisib was well tolerated by participants. Also submitted as part of the original MAA were data from a long-term  open-label extension clinical trial in patients with APDS treated with leniolisib.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million. APDS is caused by variants in either of two genes  PIK3CD or PIK3R1  that regulate maturation of white blood cells. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway.2 3 Balanced signaling in the PI3Kδ pathway is essential for physiological immune function. When this pathway is hyperactive  immune cells fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.2 4 APDS is characterized by severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.5 6 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.7 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.5-8 The only way to definitively diagnose this condition is through genetic testing.About leniolisibLeniolisib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA PI3K. PI3Kδ is expressed predominately in hematopoietic cells and is essential to normal immune system function through conversion of phosphatidylinositol-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP2) to phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Leniolisib inhibits the production of PIP3 and PIP3 serves as an important cellular messenger activating AKT (via PDK1) and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Unlike PI3Kα and PI3Kβ  which are ubiquitously expressed  PI3Kẟ and PI3Kγ are expressed primarily in cells of hematopoietic origin. The central role of PI3Kẟ in regulating numerous cellular functions of the adaptive immune system (B-cells and  to a lesser extent  T cells) as well as the innate immune system (neutrophils  mast cells  and macrophages) strongly indicates that PI3Kẟ is a valid and potentially effective therapeutic target for immune diseases such as APDS. To date  leniolisib has been well tolerated during both the Phase 1 first-in-human trial in healthy subjects and the Phase II/III registration-enabling study in patients with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.References1. Rao VK  et al. Blood. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1182/blood.2022018546.2. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15:88-97.3. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218.4. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687.5. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606.6. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543.7. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21.8. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy Byrne T: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon Melens T: +31 6 53 81 64 27 E: [email protected]US PREthan Metelenis E: [email protected] T: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRDan Caley E: [email protected] T: +44 (0) 787 546 8942Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.24,0.22,True,English,"['EMA regulatory review', 'Pharming', 'update', 'leniolisib', 'APDS', 'Europe', 'long-term, open-label extension clinical trial', 'oral selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'ongoing long-term extension study', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'naïve B cells', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Phase II/III registration-enabling study', 'normal immune system function', 'EMA Marketing Authorisation Application', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Phase II/III study', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'European Economic Area', 'lymph node size', '110 kDa catalytic subunit', 'important cellular messenger', 'adaptive immune system', 'innate immune system', 'effective therapeutic target', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Human Medicinal Products', 'numerous cellular functions', 'protein replacement therapies', 'white blood cells', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'PDUFA goal date', 'permanent lung damage', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'standard review timetable', 'MAA review process', 'class IA PI3K', 'human trial', 'immune function', 'delta isoform', 'immune cells', 'primary endpoints', 'immune diseases', 'regulatory review', 'priority review', 'cell functions', 'precision medicines', 'gene therapies', 'hematopoietic cells', 'T cells', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'interim analysis', 'regulatory approval', 'scientific evaluation', 'Balanced signaling', 'progressive disease', 'genetic testing', 'small-molecule inhibitor', 'cell survival', 'hematopoietic origin', 'central role', 'lesser extent', 'healthy subjects', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'original MAA', 'The MAA', 'updated data', 'positive data', 'safety data', 'accelerated assessment', '1 to 2 people', 'two genes', 'cytokine production', 'PI3Kδ) inhibitor', 'leniolisib NDA', 'leniolisib MAA', 'PI3Kδ pathway', 'Phase 1', 'PI3Kα', 'PI3Kβ', 'PI3Kγ', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'Nasdaq', 'CHMP', 'treatment', 'APDS', 'adolescents', 'adults', '12 years', 'list', 'questions', 'request', 'responses', 'opinion', '2H', 'CEO', 'FDA', 'track', 'March', 'patients', 'grant', 'August', 'October', 'February', 'reduction', 'percentage', 'participants', 'million', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'maturation', 'hyperactivity', 'dysregulation', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'symptoms', 'variety', 'conditions', 'lymphoma', 'conversion', 'PIP', 'AKT', 'PDK', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'B-cells', 'neutrophils', 'macrophages', 'valid', 'lives', 'biologics']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,prnewswire.com
18662,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DON-T-NOD-ENTERTAINMENT-43444427/news/Don-t-Nod-Entertainment-DON-T-NOD-launching-of-approximately-EUR-40-million-capital-increase-43010528/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Don't Nod Entertainment :  DON'T NOD  launching of approximately EUR 40 million capital increase to accelerate its long-term development in the action-RPG segment,(marketscreener.com)  Capital increase : a reserved offering through an accelerated book-building process and a public offering through the PrimaryBid platformIssue Price of new shares : €10 per shareSubscription commitment : a minimum of €35 million fro…,"Capital increase : a reserved offering through an accelerated book-building process and a public offering through the PrimaryBid platformIssue Price of new shares : €10 per shareSubscription commitment : a minimum of €35 million from TencentParis  February 16  2023 - DON'T NOD  an independent studio that creates  develops and publishes video games  today announces the launch of a capital increase for an approximate €40 million to accelerate its post-2025 development strategy.The fundraising consists of a capital increase with cancellation of the preferential subscription right to the benefit of a specified category of persons (the “Reserved Offering”)  as well as a capital increase by way of a public offering with cancellation of the preferential subscription right for individual investors via the PrimaryBid platform (the “PrimaryBid Offering”).After two years of investment  international deployment  and the implementation of its integrated developer-publisher model  DON'T NOD begins 2023 with 2 new video games slated for release this year – Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden  in partnership with Focus Entertainment and Harmony: The Fall of Reverie. At the same time  DON'T NOD is continuing to develop its 2023/25 pipeline with 4 additional original creations and 2 external co-productions (Studio Tolima and Tiny Bull Studios).The funds raised from this new offering will be used mainly to accelerate DON'T NOD's development strategy beyond 2025 and achieve its growth goals strengthening:its action-RPG department  to consolidate its presence in this very pomissing segment  for larger-scale games  richer in terms of game mechanics and allowing players to immerse themselves in even more-engaging stories. With already one successful intellectual property (Vampyr) and a new one to be released in 2023 (Banishers)  DON'T NOD is developing a new self-published game (Project 12) that will represent a step up in terms of production value;the marketing and publishing departments  with an acceleration of high-level talent recruitment to expand the company's internal expertise while pursuing distribution partnerships to secure revenues.In connection with the Reserved Offering  Tencent Holdings Limited (‘Tencent') – a shareholder in DON'T NOD for over 2 years – is confident in the Paris-based studio's future development and has committed to subscribing for a minimum of €35 million through its subsidiary  Proxima Beta Europe BV. Following the fundraising  the composition of DON'T NOD's board of directors will remain unchanged.“This year marks a major milestone for DON'T NOD with the first releases of our highly value-creating 2023/25 pipeline ” said Oskar Guilbert  Chairman and CEO of DON'T NOD. “This fundraising should allow us to finance our next growth cycle beyond 2025 in a segment with strong and proven business potential. Tencent's support  as an industry leader and key shareholder partner  confirms our strategic roadmap and provides the company with the stability essential for its long-term development. This strengthened partnership will enable us to take advantage of the various growth drivers in the video game industry.”TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF FUNDRAISINGIn accordance with the decisions of the Board of Directors held on February 10  2023 and of the Chairman of the Board (acting through a sub-delegation) as of today  the fundraising will be carried out through two distinct but concurrent offerings:an offering by way of issuance of new ordinary shares with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of a category of persons (in accordance with the 12 th resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting of June 7  2022)   this Reserved Offering being addressed only to the category of investors defined as follows: investment companies and investment funds under French or foreign law that invest or have invested over the past five (5) years in the video game or multimedia products sector; companies that are members of an industrial group governed by French or foreign law and whose business is (i) similar to that of the Company (video game design and development studio) or (ii) complementary to that of the Company in the fields of production  publishing and distribution  whether or not integrated  of video games or multimedia product.resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting of June 7  2022)   this Reserved Offering being addressed only to the category of investors defined as follows: an offering by way of issuance of new ordinary shares with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights through a public offering primarily intended for individual investors via the PrimaryBid platform (in accordance with the 10th resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting of June 7  2022).Allocation of new shares under the PrimaryBid Offering will be proportional to demand within the limit of the amount allocated to this PrimaryBid Offering ; allocations are subject to reduction should demand be in excess on the basis of Article L. 225-136 of the Commercial Code.The Reserved Offering will be completed via an accelerated book-building  at the end of which  the number of new shares to be issued will be determined. The final number of shares to be issued for the Reserved Offering and for the PrimaryBid Offering will exclusively depend on the orders received for each offer  without the possibility of reallocating this number from the PrimaryBid Offering to the Reserved Offering. It is specified that the PrimaryBid Offering is ancillary to the Reserved Offering and shall represent a maximum of 20% of the Fund Raising  within the limit of €8 million.The price per share of the Reserved Offering will be equal to €10  representing a discount of 5 2% compared to the closing price of the DON'T NOD share on February 16  2023 (i.e. €10.55).The subscription price of the new shares within the framework of the PrimaryBid Offering will be equal to the price of the new shares offered within the framework of the Reserved Offering.The number of ordinary shares issued  and the total amount of subscriptions will be decided by the Chairman of the Board of Directors  under the sub-delegation granted by the Company's Board of Directors on February 10  2023.The Reserved Offering is launched with immediate effect. The PrimaryBid Offering also commences immediately and will close today at 10 p.m.  subject to any early closing. The Reserved Offering is expected to close before the opening of the Euronext markets on February 17  2023 subject to early closing or extension. The Company will disclose the results of the Reserved Offering and the PrimaryBid Offering - notably the number of shares for issue - as promptly as possible upon completion of the book-building via a press release.The settlement-delivery of the new shares and their admission to trading on Paris' Euronext Growth® market are scheduled for February 21  2023. The new shares will be subject to all the statutory provisions and assimilated to the existing shares upon final completion of the capital increases. Such shares will bear current dividend rights  to be admitted for trading on Euronext Growth® Paris market on the same listing line as the Company's shares that are already listed under the same ISIN code – FR0013331212 - ALDNE.Pursuant to Article 1(4) of EU Regulation 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  the Reserved Offering and the PrimaryBid Offering will not require the publication of a prospectus subject to the approval of the French Financial Market Authority (the ‘AMF').FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES & ADVISORSTP ICAP Midcap acts as Lead Manager and Bookrunner for this Reserved Offering.Within the framework of the PrimaryBid Offering  investors may only subscribe via the PrimaryBid platform (https://primarybid.fr/) or through PrimaryBid partners listed on the PrimaryBid website.CBR & Associés (François Le Roquais) acts as legal counsel for this Reserved Offering. ACTUS finance & communication act as financial communication adviser.OFFERING GUARANTEENone of the Reserved Offering or the PrimaryBid Offering is subject to a guarantee. That being said  the Reserved Offering Placement is subject to the terms of a Placement Agreement between DON'T NOD and TP ICAP Midcap as Lead Manager and Bookrunner.RISK FACTORSAttention is drawn to the risk factors relating to the Company and its business  as set out in section 5 of the management report included in the 2021 annual financial report published on the Company's website on April 29  2022 and available free of charge from the Company website (www.dontnod-bourse.com). The occurence of all or some of these risks could have an adverse impact on the Company's business  financial position  earnings  growth and outlook. The risk factors set out in the said management report are identical to those applicable as of the date of this press release.Furthermore  investors are advised to consider the following risks related to the issue: (I) the market price of the Company's shares may fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the shares issued as part of the Offering  (ii) the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares may fluctuate significantly  (iii) disposals of the Company's shares on the market could have an adverse impact on the Company's share price  and (iv) the Company's shareholders may be exposed to substantial dilution resulting from any future capital increases required in connection with the Company's fundraising initiatives.DISCLAIMERThe Company specifies that  to its knowledge  no potential investor holds insider information.This press release may not be released  published or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Canada  Australia  Japan  South Africa or any other country in violation of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction.This press release is not constitute (and there will be no) an offer for sale or subscription  or an announcement of a forthcoming offer for sale or subscription  or a solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe  or an announcement of a forthcoming solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe for securities of the Company in  or to residents  inhabitants or citizens of the United States  Canada  Australia  Japan  South Africa or any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation without registration  exemption from registration or qualification is not permitted under the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction or does not satisfy the requirements of the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction.The Company's securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  or any other securities regulatory authority  state or jurisdiction of the United States. The Company's securities may not be directly or indirectly offered  sold  resold  transferred or delivered in the United States except pursuant to a valid exemption from the registration requirements imposed by the US Securities Act and in accordance with the applicable laws of any state or jurisdiction of the United States. In addition  there will be no public offering of securities in the United States.This press release may only be distributed (A) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S of the US Securities Act (i) to persons in the United Kingdom (a) with professional investment experience who fall within the definition of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"")  or (b) who are high net worth entities within the meaning of Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order  or (c) to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Company or any member of its group may lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated; (ii) persons in any other member state of the European Economic Area who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended); (iii) certain qualified and/or institutional investors in other selected jurisdictions  in accordance with applicable restrictions ; and to persons in the United States who are ""qualified institutional buyers"" as defined in and in reliance on Rule 114A of the US Securities Act or another exemption from registration or a transaction not subject to registration under the US Securities Act.The Company shall not be liable if any person should violate the foregoing restrictions.About DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth ParisDON'T NODOskar GuilbertChief Executive OfficerBenoît Gisbert-MoraChief Financial Officerinvest@dont-nod.com ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne PuissantAnalyst/Investor relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - dontnod@actus.frAnne-Catherine BonjourPress relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 - acbonjour@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xm9uZcZulZiUlZqelZ1ta5KWamlkyGmWbWSYmGOZa8nJbpppxmxnaJebZnBpm2hr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78635-cp_dne_lancement_suzie_vdef_uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.54,0.45,0.01,True,English,"['40 million capital increase', 'long-term development', 'action-RPG segment', 'Entertainment', 'DON', 'NOD', 'EUR', 'Proxima Beta Europe BV', 'one successful intellectual property', ""shareholders' preferential subscription rights"", 'integrated developer-publisher model', '4 additional original creations', 'Tiny Bull Studios', 'high-level talent recruitment', 'Combined General Meeting', 'next growth cycle', 'various growth drivers', ""DON'T NOD"", 'multimedia products sector', 'video game design', 'new self-published game', 'value-creating 2023/25 pipeline', 'proven business potential', 'key shareholder partner', 'past five (5) years', 'new ordinary shares', 'post-2025 development strategy', 'video game industry', 'Tencent Holdings Limited', '2 new video games', 'new one', 'Subscription commitment', 'new shares', 'growth goals', 'game mechanics', 'industry leader', 'New Eden', 'larger-scale games', 'new offering', 'future development', 'long-term development', 'development studio', 'Capital increase', 'book-building process', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'Issue Price', 'independent studio', 'two years', 'international deployment', 'Focus Entertainment', 'same time', '2 external co-productions', 'Studio Tolima', 'action-RPG department', 'engaging stories', 'internal expertise', 'Paris-based studio', 'major milestone', 'first releases', 'Oskar Guilbert', 'strategic roadmap', 'two distinct', 'concurrent offerings', 'foreign law', 'industrial group', 'Article L.', 'reserved offering', 'public offering', 'PrimaryBid Offering', '12 th resolution', '10th resolution', 'individual investors', 'pomissing segment', 'production value', 'publishing departments', 'distribution partnerships', 'investment companies', 'investment funds', '2 years', 'minimum', 'February', 'launch', 'fundraising', 'cancellation', 'benefit', 'specified', 'category', 'persons', 'way', 'implementation', 'Banishers', 'Ghosts', 'Harmony', 'The', 'Fall', 'Reverie', 'presence', 'terms', 'players', 'Vampyr', 'Project', 'step', 'marketing', 'acceleration', 'company', 'revenues', 'connection', 'subsidiary', 'composition', 'board', 'directors', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'strong', 'support', 'stability', 'advantage', 'CONDITIONS', 'accordance', 'decisions', 'sub-delegation', 'today', 'issuance', 'June', 'French', 'members', 'fields', 'Allocation', 'demand', 'amount', 'reduction', 'excess', 'basis', 'Commerci']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18663,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRAYONANO-AS-120976700/news/CrayoNano-Q4-2022-Financial-Results-43002261/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,CrayoNano : Q4 2022 Financial Results,(marketscreener.com)  Trondheim  Norway   CrayoNano AS is pleased to announce its Q4 2022 Financial Results and to provide an update on the private placing. During 2022  CrayoNano launched the CrayoLED™ H-Series   an ultraviolet-C light emitting diode sem…,"Trondheim  NorwayCrayoNano AS (NOTC:CNANO) is pleased to announce its Q4 2022 Financial Results and to provide an update on the private placing. During 2022  CrayoNano launched the CrayoLED™ H-Series (CLH-N3S)  an ultraviolet-C light emitting diode (UV-C LED) semiconductor packaged component and began building an order-book as key system integrator customers incorporate our UV-C LED into their product designs.Jo Uthus  CEO said:""We are exceptionally proud of everything we accomplished in 2022. In a challenging period for any business  we successfully launched our first in a series of disruptive UV-C LED and have in a short period of time built a strong sales funnel with significant customer interest and activity. We have engaged with over 100 potential customers  creating more than 140 sales leads  and have begun shipping samples for product trials and testing. The resulting demand and feedback we have received has been beyond our initial expectations  as we are now actively working with a larger number of customers to create manufacturing backlog.This year  we will complete our planned private placement  followed by a listing on the Euronext Growth market. This is the start of the next chapter of growth for CrayoNano and we are excited to bring our story to a wider audience of investors as part of the listing.""Product UpdateOn 6 October 2022  CrayoNano launched the CrayoLED™ H-Series (CLH-N3S)  an ultraviolet-C light emitting diode (UV-C LED) semiconductor packaged component. CrayoLED's quality-driven design meets the high standards for reliability and performance in the fast-growing disinfection and sanitization markets.The CrayoLED™ H-series is optimized for disinfection at a typical peak wavelength of 275 nm. Its small package footprint (3.5 mm x 3.5 mm) and high-power performance easily integrates into systems for residential  municipal  industrial and commercial segments  enabling system miniaturization and longer lasting solutions.Preliminary results of the CrayoLED™ CLH-N3S H-Series UV-C LED Room Temperature Operating Life (RTOL) test also conducted by an independent  accredited third-party testing and qualification expert company was released and made available to customers for reducing the customer design-in timeline and accelerating time to revenues.The lifetime tests aim to demonstrate the quality and reliability of the CrayoLED™ and generate data for our customers design-in support and facilitating a reduced design-in time.Market and CustomersIn the short period of time since product launch on October 6  CrayoNano has reached out to more than 100 customers for the CrayoLED H-series. We have registered over 140 new customer leads and have shipped product samples to 40 customers - working directly with a smaller number of customers for their design-in execution. This is in line with our controlled market entry plan - although exceeding internal expectations on the number of customer engagements for the initial phase.Our customers cover European  US  Canadian and some Southeast Asian markets  spanning a wide range of application areas - with the majority of the customer applications in the water disinfection market - both Point of Use and Point of Entry applications.CrayoNano is expecting the average design-in cycle of customers to be 6 to 12 months  depending on the start of production as well as their requirements for internal characterization and qualification.Operational UpdateAs part of our planned operational ramp-up  we have spent the latter half of 2022 testing the production yields to ensure our final production levels are of sufficient quality. This testing will continue through 2023  while we ship smaller unit orders to customers for testing  to ensure readiness for high volume manufacturing from 2024.The initial inventory of products in our Norway warehouse supports fulfillment of initial pilot customer orders as well as sampling products to customers in support of their design-in and qualification process.The CrayoNano Taiwan warehouse is expected to be operational in Q1-23  ready to fulfill the majority of volume for our global customer base.In the CrayoNano Taiwan branch 'CrayoNano Fab2' - the CrayoNano cleanroom was installed  tested  and commissioned during Q4-22. The build and commissioning of the cleanroom was on-budget  and the internal wafer manufacturing capacity will support the company's transition from a fab-less to a fab-lite model.Financial UpdateDuring the final quarter of 2022  we recorded NOK 0.4m of revenue in the quarter as we begin shipping test units to potential customers. These early shipments were recorded at a 22% gross margin  below our intended operating level on account of the low scale. Payroll and related costs were NOK 6.4m in Q4 (8.6m Q4'21)  whilst other operating costs increased to NOK 17.4m (3.2m Q4'21) on account of the increasing costs of preparing our operations for scale. For the period  net loss before tax was NOK 25.6m (11.5m Q4'21).As part of the planned ramp up  we continue to invest in building an inventory of finished goods and invest in our fabrication capabilities. During the period  NOK 5.5m (15.9m Q4'21) was invested in CAPEX  with the total cash use during the period totalling NOK 29.8m (15.6m Q4'21). At the end of the period  cash on hand totalled NOK 10.2m (100.1m Q4'21).Capital Raise UpdateAs announced on 13 January 2023  CrayoNano has signed a loan agreement with its three largest shareholders of total NOK 27.5 million. Provided that the private placement is successful  the full loan amount will be converted into equity at equal terms.The planned private placement will conclude soon  with a listing on the Euronext Growth market shortly thereafter. Prior to completion  we will share more information on the possibility to participate as a private shareholder.Conference Call DetailsCrayoNano's CEO  Jo Uthus  and CFO  Jens Kielland will host an analyst and investor video webcast today at 10:00 CET. The live video webcast will be accessible via the company's website here.A video replay service will also be made available after the webcast at the above web link.For more information  please contact:CEO Jo UthusMail: investor@crayonano.comPhone: +47 72 90 98 60About CrayoNanoCrayoNano develops and manufactures semiconductor components based on our expertise and technology in nanomaterials. Utilising our patented and proprietary technology  our first application targets the fast-growing disinfection market with high quality and performance driven UV-C LEDs.The company is headquartered in Trondheim  Norway  applying a fab-lite model with a global supply chain and worldwide footprint to provide our customers with innovative semiconductor devices. Our vision is to enable new applications and solutions in health & safety  water purification  life sciences  consumer and industrial goods  and automotive industries. CrayoNano is registered on OTC in Norway under the ticker: CNANO.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.24,0.23,True,English,"['Q4 2022 Financial Results', 'CrayoNano', 'CrayoLED™ CLH-N3S H-Series UV-C LED Room Temperature Operating Life', 'UV-C LED) semiconductor packaged component', 'ultraviolet-C light emitting diode', 'controlled market entry plan', 'independent, accredited third-party testing', 'internal wafer manufacturing capacity', 'initial pilot customer orders', 'disruptive UV-C LED', 'key system integrator customers', 'The CrayoNano Taiwan warehouse', 'intended operating level', 'other operating costs', 'The CrayoLED™ H-series', 'typical peak wavelength', 'small package footprint', 'longer lasting solutions', 'smaller unit orders', 'significant customer interest', 'global customer base', 'strong sales funnel', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CrayoNano Taiwan branch', '140 new customer leads', 'Euronext Growth market', 'water disinfection market', 'final production levels', 'high volume manufacturing', 'Q4 2022 Financial Results', 'qualification expert company', 'CrayoLED H-series', '140 sales leads', 'manufacturing backlog', 'system miniaturization', 'customer engagements', 'internal expectations', 'internal characterization', 'initial expectations', 'high standards', 'sanitization markets', 'Preliminary results', 'initial phase', 'Norway warehouse', 'related costs', 'increasing costs', 'Financial Update', 'customer design', 'customer applications', 'smaller number', 'private placing', 'product designs', 'Jo Uthus', 'product trials', 'resulting demand', 'private placement', 'next chapter', 'wider audience', 'growing disinfection', 'commercial segments', 'RTOL) test', 'lifetime tests', 'product launch', 'US, Canadian', 'wide range', 'application areas', '6 to 12 months', 'operational ramp-up', 'latter half', 'production yields', 'initial inventory', 'qualification process', 'fab-lite model', 'final quarter', 'test units', 'early shipments', '22% gross margin', 'net loss', 'ramp up', 'CrayoNano AS', 'CrayoNano Fab2', 'challenging period', 'short period', 'Product Update', 'Operational Update', 'larger number', 'quality-driven design', 'high-power performance', 'product samples', 'average design', 'sufficient quality', 'low scale', '100 potential customers', 'NOK 0.4m', 'CrayoNano cleanroom', '100 customers', '40 customers', 'Trondheim', 'NOTC', 'CNANO', 'order-book', 'CEO', 'everything', 'business', 'activity', 'shipping', 'feedback', 'listing', 'start', 'story', 'investors', '6 October', 'reliability', '275 nm', '3.5 mm', 'systems', 'industrial', 'timeline', 'revenues', 'data', 'support', 'reduced', 'execution', 'majority', 'Point', 'cycle', 'requirements', 'readiness', 'products', 'fulfillment', 'Q4-22', 'build', 'commissioning', 'budget', 'transition', 'account', 'Payroll', 'operations', 'tax', 'finis']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18666,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2610121/0/en/Second-convening-of-the-Extraordinary-Shareholder-Meeting-on-March-8-2023.html,Second convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023,Second convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023   Paris  France  February 16  2023 – 6.00 pm CET – Pixium Vision SA...,English FrenchSecond convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023Paris  France  February 16  2023 – 6.00 pm CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  informs its shareholders that its extraordinary shareholder meeting  convened a second call to vote on the same agenda as the extraordinary shareholder meeting of February 15  2023. The meeting will be held on Wednesday  March 8  2023 at 10:30 a.m. at the Company's registered office. The extraordinary shareholder meeting of the Company initially scheduled for February 15  2023 could not deliberate as it did not obtain the legally required quorum. The shareholders present  having given a proxy or having voted by mail  represented together 16 101 576 shares out of the 77 190 979 shares with voting rights (i.e. a quorum representing 20.86% of the share capital).The meeting notice announcing the second call will be published in the BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) on February 24  2023 and will contain the terms and conditions of participation and voting.In accordance with the provisions of Articles R. 225-77 and R. 225-79 of the French Commercial Code  the proxy or postal voting forms received by the Company for the initial extraordinary shareholder meeting that was scheduled on February 15  2023  will remain valid as long as the shares are still registered.The agenda and the text of the resolutions of the initial extraordinary shareholder meeting  that was scheduled on February 15  2023  in the notice that was published in the BALO n°12 of January 27  2023  remain unchanged.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The Company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 31Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'Second convening', 'March', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'initial extraordinary shareholder meeting', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'French Commercial Code', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'postal voting forms', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'English French', 'la Vision', 'University hospital', 'meeting notice', 'Second convening', 'independent lives', 'second call', 'registered office', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Media Relations', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Investor Relations', 'same agenda', 'BALO n°', 'Sophie Baumont', 'bioelectronics company', 'March', 'France', 'February', 'CET', 'patients', 'sight', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', '10:30 a', 'quorum', 'proxy', 'mail', '16,101,576 shares', '77,190,979 shares', 'terms', 'conditions', 'participation', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'text', 'resolutions', 'January', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'The', 'Entreprise', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'investors', 'lifesciadvisors', 'gvanrenterghem', 'Attachment', '6.00', '41']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18687,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-marimekko-corporation-annual-general-061500255.html,Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m. Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting The Annual General...,Marimekko CorporationMarimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  16 February 2023 at 8.15 a.m.Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation (the “AGM”) will be held on Thursday 13 April 2023 at 2.00 p.m. (EEST) at Little Finlandia  at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The registration of attendees and the distribution of voting slips will commence at the meeting venue at 1.00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. In addition  it is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. For further instructions  please refer to Section C “Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for 2022Review by the President and CEO.The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be made available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendOn 31 December 2022  the parent company’s distributable funds amounted to EUR 49 039 655.34 of which EUR 22 850 050.77 was profit for the financial year 2022. The Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that a dividend of EUR 0.34 per share be paid for the financial year 2022. The total amount of the proposed dividend is approximately EUR 13.8 million  and the remaining funds are to be retained in equity.Story continuesThe Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 17 April 2023 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors proposes 24 April 2023 as the dividend payout date. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year. The company’s liquidity is good and  in the view of the Board of Directors  the proposed dividend payout does not jeopardize the company’s solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 202210. Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for the year 2022  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 8 April 2020 by the company’s AGM  will be published by way of a stock exchange release and will be available on 23 March 2023 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM adopt the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM  on the basis of the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee consisting of members independent of the company and its significant shareholders  that the fees payable to the members and the Chair of the Board would remain unchanged from 2022 and be as follows: an annual remuneration of EUR 48 000 would be paid to the Chair  EUR 35 000 to the Vice Chair and EUR 26 000 to the other Board members. In addition  it is proposed that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees for committee work would remain unchanged from 2022.The above-mentioned shareholders have also proposed  based on the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares would be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2023 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration would be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the AGM  13 April 2023  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.If Mika Ihamuotila is elected a member and Chair of the Board of Directors as proposed in the section 13 of this notice  he will  in addition to the aforementioned annual remuneration  be paid a monthly fee of EUR 4 400 for half-time duty pursuant to a separate executive service agreement. The monthly fee would remain unchanged from 2022. The Audit and Remuneration Committee separately evaluates the terms of the service agreement.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the AGM that Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula be re-elected to the Board of Directors until the close of the next AGM.Carol Chen  Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula are independent of the company and its significant shareholders according to the evaluation of the above-mentioned shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.The proposed Board members have informed the company that  if they are elected  they intend to elect Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board as well as Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mikko-Heikki Inkeroinen and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee.All proposed persons have given their consent to the election. Biographical details of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/board-of-directors/.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the auditor’s remuneration be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected as the company’s auditor.16. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 9 of the Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile Helsinki. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“9 § The notice of the General Meeting shall be announced on the Company’s website not earlier than three (3) months and not later than three (3) weeks before the meeting  but in any case at least nine (9) days prior to the General Meeting’s record date. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice of the General Meeting in one or more newspapers.In addition  the Board of Directors may also resolve on organizing a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.The proposal is based on the changes to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative changes are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their full shareholder rights  including the right to present questions and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organise remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  due to for example pandemics. It is important for the Company to have means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to a general meeting under any circumstances.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 200 000 of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid for eighteen (18) months from the decision of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the AGM to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 250 000 (new or the company’s own) shares  which represents approximately 0.6 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is proposed to remain in force for a period of eighteen (18) months from the resolution of the AGM and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2022 AGM.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available on Marimekko Corporation’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report  the remuneration report as well as the remuneration policy adopted by the AGM in 2020 will be available on the company’s website on 23 March 2023 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the AGM can be viewed on the company’s website as of 27 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the AGM. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder who is registered in the company's Shareholder Register and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is requested to register for the meeting no later than 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received.Notice of participation can be given starting from Wednesday 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET):a) by filling in the registration form on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.For natural persons  the electronic registration form requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. No strong electronic authentication is required of shareholders that are legal persons. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder can submit the registration form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  personal/business ID  email address  telephone number as well as the name and personal ID of a possible proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data given by shareholders to Marimekko Corporation or Euroclear Finland Oy is used only in connection with the AGM and the processing of the necessary related registrations. For further information on how Marimekko processes personal data  please review Marimekko Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the AGM  which is available at the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or contact the company by email at yk@marimekko.com. Please note that personal information provided in connection with registration by email is possibly sent through an unsecure connection on the shareholder’s own responsibility.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative should  when necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the AGM by virtue of those shares based on which the holder on the record date for the AGM  30 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the AGM requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 6 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the AGM.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to well in advance request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration for the AGM from their custodian bank as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the AGM to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company by the time stated above and shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Shareholders proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the AGM. Should a shareholder participate in the AGM by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ on 8 March 2023 at the latest. Any proxy documents  including the advance voting form  should be sent by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative should register for the AGM in the manner described above.Instead of traditional proxy document  shareholders that are legal persons can use electronic authorization services of Suomi.fi. In that case the legal person authorizes a named authorised person through Suomi.fi’s services at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  Euroclear Finland Oy’s General Meeting Services require strong electronic authentication after which the electronic authorization is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication requires Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  please see Suomi.fi’s e-authorization pages at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ as well as the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the AGM from 8 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) until 4 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST) by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/For natural persons  the electronic advance voting requires secured strong authentication; shareholders can register and vote by logging in with their Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Of shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must in that case provide their book-entry account number and other required information. If shareholders that are legal persons use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through mail or emailShareholders can also submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/ or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Marimekko Oyj  PL 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website on 8 March 2023 at the latest.In addition to voting in advance  the shareholder must register for the AGM prior to the end of the registration period.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting or change the given votes if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regards to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. The terms and other instructions concerning the electronic voting are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/.5. Other instructions and informationIt is possible to follow the AGM online via webcast. Instructions on following the webcast are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/en/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023/. Following the AGM via webcast is not considered participating in the AGM or exercising shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the AGM has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the AGM.Changes in shareholding after the record date for the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the number of votes held by the shareholder.On the date of this notice  15 February 2023  the total number of shares and votes in Marimekko Corporation is 40 649 170. On the date of this notice  the company holds 77 790 of its own shares  which do not entitle to voting at the AGM.Helsinki  15 February 2023MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Anna TuominenTel. +358 40 584 6944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2022  the company's net sales were EUR 167 million and brand sales of the products worldwide amounted to EUR 382 million. Globally  there are roughly 150 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 35 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 460 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.13,0.22,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'payout record date', 'dividend payout date', 'other Board members', 'annual remuneration', 'The Board', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting slips', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'remaining funds', 'shareholder register', 'substantial changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'first time', 'applicable legislation', 'remuneration policy', 'separate remuneration', 'financial year', 'committee work', 'meeting venue', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'A. Matters', 'total amount', 'interim report', 'remuneration report', 'advisory resolution', 'Vice Chair', 'Thursday 13 April', 'significant shareholders', 'parent company', '8.15 a', '17 April', '24 April', '8 April', 'February', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'EEST', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'registration', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'investors', 'annual-general-meeting', 'instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', '23 March', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'equity', 'Story', 'behalf', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'accordance', 'way', '27 percent', 'shares', 'basis', 'proposal', 'fees', '40 percent', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', '1 January', '31 March', '2.00', '1.00']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18688,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-vaisala-corporation-annual-general-073000809.html,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (EET) Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting Notice is given to ...,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 16  2023  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EEST)Shareholders can follow the meeting via live webcast at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm. Shareholders following the webcast are not deemed to attend the Annual General Meeting so they cannot ask questions or vote online during the webcast.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEOReview by the Auditor7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.72 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2022 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 30  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 12  2023. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.Story continues9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report will be published as a stock exchange release at the latest on March 3  2023  is available on the company’s website at vaisala.com/agm.Ville Voipio  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 will remain as they are as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 55 000 and each Board member EUR 40 000 per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation’s series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees will remain as are  and for the Chair of the Audit Committee they would be EUR 1 500 per attended meeting and EUR 1 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Chair and each member of the People and Sustainability Committee  Nomination Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be eight (8). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe term of office of Board members Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio will end at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Antti Jääskeläinen  Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company’s website vaisala.com/investors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.15. Election of AuditorVaisala would have an obligation to organize an audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) concerning the audit for the financial year 2024. The Audit Committee has prepared and organized a statutory audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the Audit Regulation during the fall 2022 one year early.The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Audit Firm  be elected as the company’s auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Niina Vilske  APA  as the auditor with principal authority.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes the articles of association to be amended so that the § 6 of Articles of Association would stipulate that the term of Board members would from now on terminate on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting instead of third Annual General Meeting (or shorter if so decided by General Meeting)  and the number of board members would be 6–9  and § 13 of Articles of Association would stipulate that a general meeting can be organized without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the § 6 and § 13 in the articles of association is attached as Annex 1 to this notice.In other respects  it is proposed that the articles of association remain unchanged.17. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). The shares shall be repurchased and paid according to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive programs  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022.18. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own shares as follows:The authorization concerns only treasury series A shares. The authorization is limited to a maximum of 935 976 shares  which represents approximately 2.69% of series A shares in the company and approximately 2.20% of all shares in the company. The issuance of own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorization entitles the issuance of treasury series A shares as a directed issue without payment as part of the company's share-based incentive plans. The Board of Directors can also use this authorization to grant special rights entitling subscription of the company's own shares that are held by the company. The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other conditions of the issuance of own shares.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 28  2024. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 28  2027. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 29  2022.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report as well as the Remuneration Report will be available on the above-mentioned website by March 3  2023  at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above are also on view at the General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 16  2023  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on March 23  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving prior notice of participation.Such notice can be given:a) On company’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting February 16  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET)Registering requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons  and business ID and the shareholder’s book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate.b) By e-mail to agm@vaisala.comIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the information requested such as their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name of any assistant or proxy representative  as well as the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala Oyj will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  to the extent necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 16  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 23  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructionsregarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxydocuments and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.In case shareholder wishes to use proxy representative  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Vaisala Oyj  AGM  Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland or by email to agm@vaisala.com before the end of the registration time March 23  2023. In addition to providing the proxy documents  shareholders or the proxy representatives of the shareholders are also required to register to the General Meeting in the manner instructed in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland’s general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”. The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked.All the attendees are cordially invited to coffee and cake after the General Meeting.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 15  2023  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares comprised of 6 731 092 series K shares and 29 705 636 series A shares. Vaisala has 208 487 series A shares in treasury. Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 164 118 989 of which series K shares represent 134 621 840 votes and series A shares represent 29 497 149 votes.The Annual General Meeting will be available as webcast on March 28  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) onwards. The link to the live stream can be found at vaisala.com/agm.Vantaa  February 15  2023Vaisala CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.comVaisala is a global leader in weather  environmental and industrial measurement. Building on over 85 years of experience  Vaisala provides observations for a better world. We are a reliable partner for customers around the world  offering a comprehensive range of innovative observation and measurement products and services. Headquartered in Finland  Vaisala employs over 2 000 professionals worldwide and is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange. vaisala.com twitter.com/VaisalaGroup linkedin.com/VaisalaNOTICE TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  ANNEX 1Amendment of Articles of Association:Vaisala Annual General Meeting on March 28  2023  item 16The Board of Directors proposes that Articles 6 and 13 of the Articles of Association be amended to read as follows.Current ArticleProposal by the Board of DirectorsArticle 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of four to eight (4-8) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the third Annual General Meeting unless the General Meeting specifically decides on a shorter term when electing the Board Member. One third  or a number closest to one third  of the Board Members shall resign each year. Should the entire Board be elected at the same time  the number referred to above shall resign during the first two years selected by lot.Article 6. The management of the company and the organization of its operations in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Board  which consists of six to nine (6-9) members. The term of a Board Member terminates on the closing of the first Annual General Meeting. Article 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area.The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditorArticle 13. The regular General Meeting must be held at the latest in June on a date determined by the Board at a venue determined by the Board in Helsinki or Vantaa metropolitan area. The Board of Directors may resolve on organizing a general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).The meeting must:present1. The financial statements 2. the auditor’s report;decide on3. the confirmation of the profit and loss account  the consolidated income statement  and the consolidated balance sheet4. the measures that the profit or loss under the consolidated balance sheet give rise to 5. the discharge of the Board members and the CEO from liability 6. the number of Board members  and7. the remuneration of the Board members;select8. the Board members and9. the auditors and the deputy auditor,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.47,0.37,0.16,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'Jukka Rinnevaara ja Raimo Voipio', 'Antti Jääskeläinen', 'audit firm selection procedure', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Possible travel expenses', 'EU Audit Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'series A shares', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'The Audit Committee', 'Ville Voipio', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'treasury shares', 'travel policy', 'same meeting', 'A. MATTERS', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'Nomination Committee', 'other committee', 'personal information', 'fiscal year', 'attendance fees', 'financial year', 'Tuesday March', 'Sustainability Committee', 'live webcast', 'The Board', 'same shareholders', 'Board members', '9:30 a', 'February', 'Notice', 'address', '01670 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'website', 'questions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'distribution', 'April', 'Dividend', 'Story', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'company', 'agm', 'Chair', 'People', 'term', 'close', 'annum', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', 'number', 'intention', 'proposal', 'section', 'office', 'candidates', 'consent', 'investors', 'invoice', 'obligation', 'accordance', '2:00', '1:00', '10.']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18689,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-convening-annual-general-meeting-151900392.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ),"Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29...","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm (registration from 2 p.m.)The shareholders also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by voting in advance (so-called postal voting) ahead of the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may thereby choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting 2023 by attending in person  through a proxy or by advance voting as instructed below.A. Right to participate at the MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  21 March 2023; andgive notice of its intention to participate in the Meeting in accordance with the instructions set out in section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy""no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  or by submitting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under section ""C. Advance voting"" no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.For shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  21 March 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  will be considered in the presentation of the share register.Story continuesB. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxyA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice to the company as instructed below:by telephone +46 8 402 90 80  weekdays between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. on the company website www.essity.com by mail to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  orby email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.comName  personal identity number/corporate registration number  address and telephone number  and number of accompanying persons (no more than two)  if any  should be stated when notification is given. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate and other authorization document should be sent to the company at the address stated above well in advance of the Meeting and no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.C. Advance votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must however give notice in accordance with the instructions under section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation only through advance voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue.A special form must be used for the advance vote. The form is available on Essity's website  www.essity.com. Submission of the form in accordance with the instructions set out below is considered as notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  23 March 2023. The completed form may be sent to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically. Electronic submission can be made either through verification with BankID in accordance with instructions at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by sending the completed form by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Electronic submission must be made no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the advance vote. If so  the entire advance vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the advance voting form.Shareholders submitting their advance vote by proxy must issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder  which must be enclosed with the advance voting form. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories shall be appended to the advance voting form.Proposed agenda1. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Election of two persons to check the minutes.4. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened.5. Approval of the agenda.6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration for the senior management have been complied with.7. Resolutions ona. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriations of the company's earnings under the adopted balance sheet and record date for dividend; andc. discharge from personal liability of the Board of Directors and the President for 2022.8. Resolution on the number of directors and deputy directors.9. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors.10. Resolution on remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditor.11. Election of directors and deputy directors.Re-election ofa. Ewa Björlingb. Pär Bomanc. Annemarie Gardshold. Magnus Grothe. Torbjörn Lööff. Bert Nordbergg. Barbara Milian ThoralfssonNew election ofh. Maria Carelli. Jan Gurander12. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of auditors and deputy auditors.14. Resolution on approval of the Board's report on remuneration for the senior management.15. Resolution on cash-based incentive program.16. Resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve ona. acquisition of own shares; andb. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions.Proposal for resolution under Item 1The Nomination Committee proposes attorney-at-law Carl Svernlöv as Chairman of the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Essity  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue and received advance votes.Proposal for resolution under Item 7.bThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the financial year 2022 of SEK 7.25 per share. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Friday  31 March 2023. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  5 April 2023.Proposal for resolution under Item 8–13The Nomination Committee proposes the following:The number of directors shall be nine with no deputy director.The number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditor.The remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting and who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 875 000 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 625 000. Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 130 000  while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 155 000. Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.Re-election of the directors Ewa Björling  Pär Boman  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth  Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg and Barbara Milian Thoralfsson and new election of Maria Carell and Jan Gurander. Bjørn Gulden  Louise Svanberg and Lars Rebien Sørensen have declined re-election.Maria Carell  born 1973  has since 2017 been the President and CEO of RG  an esthetics and skincare specialized company based in Dallas  USA. She is a Swedish citizen and has lived in the USA since 2012. Maria Carell has a solid pharmaceutical and med-tech background including previous leading positions in i.a. Exeltis  Meda  Q-MED  Actavis  Novartis and Jensen-Cilag. She has served as a board member in several companies during the last 20 years but today only has a board assignment in RG Holdco. Maria Carell has a M.Sc. in Business Administration and Economics with focus on international business.Jan Gurander  born 1961  was during 2016-2022 deputy CEO in the Volvo Group and was also CFO for the Volvo Group during 2014-2018. He is a Swedish citizen. Jan Gurander has experience from leading positions in listed large international industrial companies and from the financial sector  such as MAN  Volvo Cars  Swedbank Robur  Scania and Investor. Today he has a board assignment in one listed company (Skanska)  where he is also serving as a member in all of the board committees. Jan Gurander has a M.Sc. in Business and Economics from Stockholm School of Economics.Re-election of Pär Boman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. If elected  Ernst & Young AB has announced its appointment of Erik Sandström as auditor in charge.Proposal for resolution under Item 15The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves to approve a cash-based incentive program which is directed to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in Essity (the ""Program"") as follows. In order to encourage a common interest for the participants and the shareholders of long-term good return and the company's ability to recruit and retain key employees  the Board of Directors considers that the company shall have cash-based incentive programs. Such programs should be approved annually and have performance conditions related to (i) the relative value development of Essity's class B share  and (ii) reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The Board of Directors also considers that there should be a requirement for the participants' own investment in Essity shares and that such shares should be held for a period of at least three years. It is noted that the Program is exclusively cash-based and does not result in any dilution or other impact on the rights of the shares.Essity has for a number of years resolved on similar cash-based programs  which are described in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report and in the remuneration report approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022. The Board of Directors' assessment is that these programs have worked very well.Against this background  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves on a cash-based incentive program  as further described below.Principal terms and conditions of the ProgramThe proposed Program for 2023–2025 shall be based on the following principal terms and conditions.a. The Program is proposed to be open to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in the Essity group  a total of approximately 380 persons (the ""Participants"").b. The Participants shall have the opportunity  depending on satisfaction of certain performance conditions in accordance with paragraph (c) below  to obtain a cash remuneration (the ""Cash Remuneration"") after the end of a measurement period which covers the years 2023–2025 (the ""Measurement Period""). The Cash Remuneration for each Participant may not exceed a certain percentage of the Participant's fixed annual salary (gross) for 2025  as follows: (i) for the President  a maximum of 50 per cent  (ii) for other members of the senior management  a maximum of 80 per cent and (iii) for other Participants  a maximum of 50 per cent. The maximum variable remuneration level shall be determined per individual  taking into account the total remuneration in relation to the specific role  the local market  the terms of employment or the individual performance.c. Payment of the Cash Remuneration shall depend on the degree on satisfaction of the following performance conditions for the Program under the Measurement Period:i. A financial target consisting of the total shareholder return (""TSR"") on the company's class B share under the Measurement Period in relation to a benchmark group of other companies (the ""TSR Condition"").[1] The benchmark group shall to 60 per cent consist of companies which are comparable with the operations in the company's business area Consumer Goods and to 20 per cent each consist of companies that are comparable with the operations in the business area Health & Medical and Professional Hygiene  respectively.[2]A condition for payment is that the TSR of Essity's class B share is not lower than the weighted TSR outcome for the benchmark group under the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Minimum Level""). If the TSR Minimum Level is not reached  no payment of Cash Remuneration related to the TSR Condition will be made. For maximum payment (100 per cent)  it is required that the TSR of Essity's class B share exceeds the weighted TSR outcome for the Benchmark Group with at least 5 percentage points during the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Maximum Level""). Should the TSR of Essity's class B share be between the TSR Minimum Level and the TSR Maximum Level during the Measurement Period  a linear payment will be made.ii. A sustainability target related to the company's reduction of greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period (the ""Sustainability Condition"").[3]A condition for payment of Cash Remuneration related to Sustainability Condition is that the company reduces greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period by at least 7.5 per cent compared to the base year 2016 (the ""Sustainability Target""). If the Sustainability Target is reached  full payment of Cash Remuneration relating to the Sustainability Condition will be made. If the Sustainability Target is not reached  no payment relating to this target will be made.iii. The TSR Condition will be weighted 80 per cent and the Sustainability Condition 20 per cent  when payment of the Cash Remuneration is decided.d. Cash Remuneration will normally be paid only after the expiration of the Measurement Period and shall in general not qualify for the basis for pension computation.e. Participants shall normally be invited to the Program during the first year of the Program. A prerequisite for a Participant to be able to receive full Cash Remuneration  is that the Participant has been permanently employed withing the Essity group throughout the Measurement Period. If a Participant has commenced its employment within the Essity group during the Measurement Period  the payment of Cash Remuneration shall be made pro rata.f. Each Participant shall undertake  for as long as the Participant is employed within the Essity group  to acquire Essity shares for (i) the total paid net amount of the Cash Remuneration regarding senior management  and (ii) at least half the total paid net amount regarding other Participants  no later than 30 June 2026 (or as soon as possible thereafter if the Participant has been prevented from acquiring Essity shares at such time due to applicable insider rules)  and to retain such shares for a period of at least three years after the acquisition  with certain exemptions approved by the Board of Directors. If a Participant does not acquire or retain Essity shares in accordance with the above  the Participant's right to payment under future incentive programs to which the Participant has been invited to participate  shall lapse.g. If extraordinary changes in the Essity group or in the market occur which  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  would result in a situation where the conditions for Cash Remuneration under the Program become unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Program  including  among other things  be entitled to resolve on a reduced right to Cash Remuneration  or that no Cash Remuneration shall be paid at all.h. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish the detailed terms and conditions for the Program. The Board of Directors may  in that regard  make necessary adjustments of these general terms and conditions due to changed circumstances or to satisfy certain regulations or market conditions outside Sweden.i. Participation in the Program presupposes that such participation is legally possible in the various jurisdictions concerned.Measurement Period and vesting periodThe Measurement Period for the performance conditions under the proposed Program will cover the financial years 2023–2025. The intention of the Board of Directors is that also future programs shall have a measurement period of three years. In order to receive full Cash Remuneration  employment within the Essity group throughout the vesting period is required. Further  the vesting period  which is three years  shall be combined with a requirement that the Participant must undertake to acquire and hold Essity shares for at least a three-year period after the acquisition  in accordance with above. Required long-term nature of the Program is achieved by the above stated requirements which totals six years.Costs for the Program  dilution  etc.The cost for the Program  including social security charges  including approximately 380 employees  amounts to a maximum of SEK 260 million assuming 100 per cent satisfaction of all of the performance conditions for all Participants in the Program. The cost of the Program amounts to a maximum of 1.7 per cent of Essity's total cost for salaries and remuneration  including social security charges.The Program is cash-based and does not entail any dilution for the company's shareholders. No hedging arrangements are intended to be made with regard to the Program's financial exposure.Preparations of the proposalThe proposed Program has been prepared by Essity's Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee has presented documentation to the Board of Directors  whereafter the Board of Directors has resolved that the Program shall be referred to the Annual General Meeting 2023 for approval.Majority requirementsThe Annual General Meeting's resolution on approval of the Program requires a simple majority of the votes cast.Previous incentive programs in EssityThe company's other incentive programs are described more in detail in Essity's report on remuneration for 2022  which is included in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report 2022 and available on the company's website  www.essity.com.Proposal for resolution under Item 16The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it would be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the capital structure and to be able to acquire own shares to be used as payment or financing on account of company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. Hence  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of own class B shares mainly as follows.a. Acquisition of own sharesAcquisition of class B shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the at each time prevailing price interval for the share on the marketplace  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. The authorisation may be utilised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. A maximum of so many class B shares may be acquired that Essity's holding at each time amount to a maximum of 10 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in Essity.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.b. Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsTransfer of class B shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  as well as outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind or set-off rights. The shares may be used as payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses or as to finance acquisition of companies or businesses. Transfer may be made of the maximum number of shares held by Essity at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution. The authorisation may be utilized on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. Transfer upon acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision of transfer. Transfers made on Nasdaq Stockholm to finance acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a price within the each time prevailing price interval of the share.The purpose of the authorisation to acquire shares in the company is to be able to adapt the company's capital structure and to be able to use repurchased shares in connection with the potential company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. The purpose of the authorisation to transfer own shares is to give the Board of Directors increased flexibility when financing company acquisitions. The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to create alternative forms of payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses.Majority requirementsThe Meeting's resolution under Item 16 requires that shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting approve the resolution.The Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 is composed of Helena Stjernholm  AB Industrivärden  the Chairman of the Nomination Committee  Anders Oscarsson  AMF and AMF Fonder  Ola Peter Krohn Gjessing  Norges Bank Investment Management  Marianne Nilsson  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Pär Boman  Chairman of the Board of Essity.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 702 342 489 shares  of which 61 158 914 are class A shares and 641 183 575 are class B shares  representing a total of 1 252 772 715 votes. The class A share carries ten votes  and the class B share carries one vote. No shares are held by Essity. The information pertains to the circumstances as per the time of issuing this notice.Additional informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report  the Board of Directors' complete proposals including the Board of Directors' statements pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the senior management  will be available at the company and on the company's website  www.essity.com  no later than Wednesday  8 March 2023. Information about the proposed board members and the proposed auditor  the Nomination Committee's statement  proxy forms  and forms for advance voting are available on the company's website  www.essity.com. The documents will be distributed free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address and will be available at the General Meeting.The Board of Directors and the president shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and regarding circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in February 2023Essity Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of Directors[1] The calculation of TSR is done as follows. The volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2022 is compared with the volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2025  including dividend and other return.[2] When implementing the Program  the benchmark group comprises of the following companies. For Consumer Goods: Procter & Gamble  Kimberly-Clark  Unicharm and Ontex. For Health & Medical: Smith & Nephew  Convatec and Hartman. For Professional Hygiene: Kimberly-Clark  Ecolab and Diversey. Each company has the same significance within the respective business area. The benchmark group can be adjusted according to the Board of Directors' decision if the Board of Directors deems it appropriate.[3] The calculation of greenhouse gas emissions shall be based on the target adopted by the company according to Science Based Targets (SBTi) in Scope 1 and 2. The assessment shall be made on the basis of the actual greenhouse gas emissions within the specified classes during the Measurement Period  taking into account acquisitions or divestments made. For more information about SBTi and the company's target  see Essity's Annual and Sustainability report 2022  and www.essity.com/sustainability/why-we-do-it/science-based-targets/.For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 733 13 30 55  per.lorentz@essity.comJohan Karlsson  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 705 11 15 81  johan.ir.karlsson@essity.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15798/3717980/1858340.pdf Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-of-essity-aktiebolag-publ-301749900.htmlSOURCE Essity",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.16,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'equivalent authorization document', 'other authorization document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'C. Advance voting', 'entire advance vote', 'voting rights registration', 'postal voting', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'record date', 'accompanying persons', 'issue date', 'longer period', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'one (1) year', 'authorized signatories', 'telephone number', 'other nominee', 'Electronic submission', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'special form', 'completed form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'written proxy', 'Proxy forms', 'B. Notice', 'company website', 'Feb.', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'opportunity', 'A.', 'presentation', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'section', 'participation', 'Thursday', 'accordance', 'shares', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'Such', 're-registration', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'Story', '8 a', 'mail', 'publ', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'address', 'notification', 'dated', 'representative', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'verification', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'conditions', '3', '2']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18690,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/board-directors-proposals-aktia-bank-061000006.html,Board of Directors' proposals to Aktia Bank Plc’s Annual General Meeting 2023,Aktia Bank Plc Stock Exchange Release 17 February 2023 at 8.10 a.m. Board of Directors' proposals to Aktia Bank Plc’s Annual General Meeting 2023 The Board...,"Aktia Bank PlcAktia Bank PlcStock Exchange Release17 February 2023 at 8.10 a.m.Board of Directors' proposals to Aktia Bank Plc’s Annual General Meeting 2023The Board of Directors of Aktia Bank Plc (hereinafter ""Aktia"" or ""company"") has decided that the Annual General Meeting will be held on 5 April 2023 at 4.00 pm at Stock Exchange Building  Fabianinkatu 14 in Helsinki.The company will publish the invitation to the Annual General Meeting separately later. The invitation will contain more detailed information on registration and attendance at the General Meeting.In addition to the proposals set forth by the Board of Directors below  the proposals of the Shareholders' Nomination Board for the Annual General Meeting 2023 concerning the number of members and election of the Board of Directors and the remuneration of the Board of Directors have been published in a separate Stock Exchange Release on 31 January 2023.Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting will decide on confirming the financial statements. The company’s auditor has recommended confirming the financial statements.Resolution on the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.43 per share shall be paid for the financial year 2022.Shareholders registered in the register of shareholders of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the dividend payment 11 April 2023 are entitled to the dividend. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid out on 18 April 2023 in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Finland Ltd.Aktia Bank Plc's Remuneration Report for 2022The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report for the company’s governing bodies be confirmed. The Remuneration Report is expected to be published on or about 15 March 2023.Story continuesResolution on the auditor's remunerationThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that remuneration shall be paid to the auditor against the auditor’s reasonable invoice.Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  shall be elected as auditor  with Marcus Tötterman  M.Sc. (Econ.)  APA  as auditor-in-charge for a term of office beginning when the Annual General Meeting 2023 is closed and continuing up until the Annual General Meeting 2024 has ended.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationDue to the amendments made to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting amends the company's Articles of Association to allow organising of a remote general meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a physical general meeting or a hybrid meeting. The purpose of the amendment is to facilitate the holding of a remote general meeting in unexpected or exceptional circumstances  however not limited to these situations. According to the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder must be able to exercise their rights fully at a remote general meeting in the same way as at a traditional general meeting held physically. The amendments do not prevent the holding of physical or hybrid meetings. The venues for physical general meetings will be defined in the same context.In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  Article 5 of the company's Articles of Association shall be amended as follows:""5 § Right to attend the General Meeting and the venue of the General MeetingTo participate in the General Meeting  a shareholder must notify the company of their attendance by the deadline specified in the invitation to the meeting. The deadline for registration may not be earlier than ten days before the General Meeting.The General Meeting can be held in Helsinki  Espoo  or Vantaa. The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting shall be held without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their right to decide during the meeting in full and in a timely manner by means of a telecommunication connection and a technical aid (remote meeting).""Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on issue of shares or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Companies Act in one or several tranchesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to issue shares  or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Companies Act  as follows:A maximum amount of 7 238 000 shares can be issued based on this authorisation  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all terms for issues of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation concerns the issuance of new shares. Issues of shares or of special rights entitling to shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right to the company’s shares (directed share issue).The Board of Directors has the right to use this authorisation  among other things  to strengthen the company's capital base  for the company's share-based incentive scheme  acquisitions and/or other corporate transactions.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to issue shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 6 April 2022.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of 500 000 shares at a maximum  corresponding to approximately 0.7% of the total number of shares in the company.The company's own shares may be acquired in one or several tranches using the unrestricted equity of the company.The company's own shares may be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition  or at a price otherwise prevailing on the market. The company's own shares may be acquired in a proportion other than that of the shares held by the shareholders (directed acquisition).The company's own shares may be acquired to be used in the company's share-based incentive schemes and/or for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for further transfer  retention  or cancellation.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the acquisition of the company's own shares.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to purchase the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 6 April 2022.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide to divest the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on divesting own shares held by the company  as follows.Based on the authorisation  a maximum of 500 000 shares may be divested.Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the divestment of the company's own shares. The divestment of the company's own shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights to shares in the company (directed share issue)  e.g. for implementing the company's incentive programs and for remuneration  including divesting the company's own shares to board members for payment of board remuneration.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to divest the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 6 April 2022.Aktia Bank PlcFurther information:Lotta Borgström  Director  Investor Relations and Communications  tel. +358 10 247 6838  lotta.borgstrom (at) aktia.fiDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMass mediawww.aktia.comAktia is a Finnish asset manager  bank and life insurer that has been creating wealth and wellbeing from one generation to the next for 200 years. We serve our customers in digital channels everywhere and face-to-face in our offices in Helsinki  Turku  Tampere  Vaasa and Oulu regions. Our award-winning asset management business sells investment funds internationally. We employ approximately 900 people around Finland. Aktia's assets under management (AuM) on 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 13.5 billion  and the balance sheet total was EUR 12.4 billion. Aktia's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (AKTIA). aktia.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Aktia Bank Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', ""Directors' proposals"", 'Board', 'Aktia Bank Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'separate Stock Exchange Release', 'Stock Exchange Building', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'authorised public accountants', 'Marcus Tötterman', 'Annual General Meeting', 'traditional general meeting', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'remote general meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'physical general meetings', 'consolidated financial statements', ""Directors' Audit Committee"", 'Directors’ Audit Committee', 'The Remuneration Report', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'remote meeting', 'hybrid meetings', 'financial year', 'meeting venue', 'detailed information', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'reasonable invoice', 'M.Sc.', 'exceptional circumstances', 'same way', 'same context', 'timely manner', 'telecommunication connection', 'technical aid', 'several tranches', 'maximum amount', 'The Board', 'special rights', 'dividend payment', ""Directors' proposals"", 'February', '8.10 a', 'company', '5 April', 'Fabianinkatu', 'Helsinki', 'invitation', 'registration', 'attendance', 'addition', 'number', 'members', 'election', '31 January', 'Adoption', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'register', '18 April', 'accordance', 'rules', '15 March', 'Story', 'recommendation', 'firm', 'Econ.', 'APA', 'charge', 'office', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Chapter', 'organising', 'alternative', 'purpose', 'holding', 'unexpected', 'situations', 'venues', '§ Right', 'deadline', 'Espoo', 'Vantaa', 'full', 'means', 'issue', 'shares', 'one', 'authorisation', 'terms', 'issuance', 'new', '4.00', '2022']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18691,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IANTE-INVESTMENTS-SOCIMI-107634495/news/Iante-Investments-SOCIMI-S-A-Certificate-of-the-Extraordinary-GSM-ndash-Capital-increase-and-oth-43020229/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,Iante Investments SOCIMI S A : Certificate of the Extraordinary GSM – Capital increase and other agreements 10.02.2023 17-02-2023,"(marketscreener.com)   CERTIFICATE OF THE MINUTES OF THE   EXTRAORDINARY AND UNIVERSAL GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF THE COMPANY   ""IANTE INVESTMENTS SOCIMI  S.A.""   Mr. Dámaso Riaño López  in his position as Secretary Non-Director of the Board …","""Article 5.- Capital.The share capital  which is totally subscribed and paid-up  is set at NINE MILLION EIGHT HUNDREDAND TWENTY-THREE THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED WITH SIXTY-THREE EUROS (EUR 9 823 363.00). Said capital is divided into NINE MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED AND TWENTY-THREE THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED WITH SIXTY-THREE (9 823 363.00) shares of ONE EURO (EUR 1.00) face value per share  represented via nominative shares  all of the same kind and series.Maintaining the book entries of the shares shall correspond to Euroclear France  S.A. (Euroclear) and its affiliated entities.""Second.- Recording of the ownership of the new shares recently issued.Similarly  by virtue of articles 314 of the Spanish Corporation Law and 198.4.1 of the Spanish Commercial Registry Regulation  the Universal General Shareholders' Meeting states for the record that in the Shares Registry Book of the Company  appears the ownership of the new 253 636 shares created as consequence of the previous agreement of capital increase.Third.- Granting of specific authorization to execute the preceding agreements.The Universal General Shareholders' Meeting unanimously agree to confer an express authorization as broad and wide as legally required  in favour of the management body as well as any attorney of the Company entitled to execute its corporate resolutions according to article 108(3) of the Spanish Companies' House Regulation; so that any of them  acting jointly and severally  may appear before a Notary Public of their choice and thus execute the preceding corporate resolutions; being them all furthermore entitled to enter into as many documents and perform as many actions as may be required when filing them  where applicable  with the relevant Companies' House; and to remedy any defects that may be rated by the Registrar  whether verbally or in writing  and that may be remedied  notwithstanding the possibility to partially record these resolutions  if any  all in accordance with the provisions of articles 62 and 63 of the Spanish Companies' House Regulation.And there being no other decisions to be recorded  these minutes are drawn up  which  once read  are approved unanimously and signed by the Secretary  with the approval of the Chairman  in the place and date of the header.For such purposes  this certificate is issued by the Secretary Non-Director  after approval by the Chairman of the Board of Directors  in Madrid on February 14th  2023.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.07,0.31,0.62,True,English,"['Iante Investments SOCIMI S A', 'Extraordinary GSM', 'Capital increase', 'other agreements', 'Certificate', ""The Universal General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'NINE MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED', 'Spanish Commercial Registry Regulation', ""Spanish Companies' House Regulation"", ""relevant Companies' House"", 'Spanish Corporation Law', 'TWENTY-THREE THOUSAND THREE', 'Shares Registry Book', 'preceding corporate resolutions', 'book entries', 'preceding agreements', 'ONE EURO', 'same kind', 'S.A.', 'affiliated entities', 'previous agreement', 'specific authorization', 'express authorization', 'management body', 'Notary Public', 'many documents', 'many actions', 'other decisions', 'nominative shares', 'new shares', 'new 253,636 shares', 'SIXTY-THREE EUROS', 'Euroclear France', 'capital increase', 'Secretary Non-Director', 'share capital', '3.00) shares', 'Article', 'value', 'series', 'Recording', 'ownership', 'virtue', 'Company', 'consequence', 'Granting', 'favour', 'attorney', 'choice', 'defects', 'Registrar', 'writing', 'possibility', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'minutes', 'approval', 'Chairman', 'place', 'date', 'header', 'purposes', 'certificate', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Madrid', 'February']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18692,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/17/2610347/0/en/Board-of-Directors-proposals-to-Aktia-Bank-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-2023.html,Board of Directors' proposals to Aktia Bank Plc’s Annual General Meeting 2023,Aktia Bank Plc                Stock Exchange Release         17 February 2023 at 8.10 a.m.    Board of Directors' proposals to Aktia Bank Plc’s Annual......,"English Finnish SwedishAktia Bank PlcStock Exchange Release17 February 2023 at 8.10 a.m.Board of Directors' proposals to Aktia Bank Plc’s Annual General Meeting 2023The Board of Directors of Aktia Bank Plc (hereinafter ""Aktia"" or ""company"") has decided that the Annual General Meeting will be held on 5 April 2023 at 4.00 pm at Stock Exchange Building  Fabianinkatu 14 in Helsinki.The company will publish the invitation to the Annual General Meeting separately later. The invitation will contain more detailed information on registration and attendance at the General Meeting.In addition to the proposals set forth by the Board of Directors below  the proposals of the Shareholders' Nomination Board for the Annual General Meeting 2023 concerning the number of members and election of the Board of Directors and the remuneration of the Board of Directors have been published in a separate Stock Exchange Release on 31 January 2023.Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting will decide on confirming the financial statements. The company’s auditor has recommended confirming the financial statements.Resolution on the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.43 per share shall be paid for the financial year 2022.Shareholders registered in the register of shareholders of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the dividend payment 11 April 2023 are entitled to the dividend. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid out on 18 April 2023 in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Finland Ltd.Aktia Bank Plc's Remuneration Report for 2022The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report for the company’s governing bodies be confirmed. The Remuneration Report is expected to be published on or about 15 March 2023.Resolution on the auditor's remunerationThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that remuneration shall be paid to the auditor against the auditor’s reasonable invoice.Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  shall be elected as auditor  with Marcus Tötterman  M.Sc. (Econ.)  APA  as auditor-in-charge for a term of office beginning when the Annual General Meeting 2023 is closed and continuing up until the Annual General Meeting 2024 has ended.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationDue to the amendments made to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting amends the company's Articles of Association to allow organising of a remote general meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a physical general meeting or a hybrid meeting. The purpose of the amendment is to facilitate the holding of a remote general meeting in unexpected or exceptional circumstances  however not limited to these situations. According to the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder must be able to exercise their rights fully at a remote general meeting in the same way as at a traditional general meeting held physically. The amendments do not prevent the holding of physical or hybrid meetings. The venues for physical general meetings will be defined in the same context.In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  Article 5 of the company's Articles of Association shall be amended as follows:""5 § Right to attend the General Meeting and the venue of the General MeetingTo participate in the General Meeting  a shareholder must notify the company of their attendance by the deadline specified in the invitation to the meeting. The deadline for registration may not be earlier than ten days before the General Meeting.The General Meeting can be held in Helsinki  Espoo  or Vantaa. The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting shall be held without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their right to decide during the meeting in full and in a timely manner by means of a telecommunication connection and a technical aid (remote meeting).""Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on issue of shares or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Companies Act in one or several tranchesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to issue shares  or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Companies Act  as follows:A maximum amount of 7 238 000 shares can be issued based on this authorisation  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all terms for issues of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation concerns the issuance of new shares. Issues of shares or of special rights entitling to shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right to the company’s shares (directed share issue).The Board of Directors has the right to use this authorisation  among other things  to strengthen the company's capital base  for the company's share-based incentive scheme  acquisitions and/or other corporate transactions.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to issue shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 6 April 2022.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of 500 000 shares at a maximum  corresponding to approximately 0.7% of the total number of shares in the company.The company's own shares may be acquired in one or several tranches using the unrestricted equity of the company.The company's own shares may be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition  or at a price otherwise prevailing on the market. The company's own shares may be acquired in a proportion other than that of the shares held by the shareholders (directed acquisition).The company's own shares may be acquired to be used in the company's share-based incentive schemes and/or for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for further transfer  retention  or cancellation.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the acquisition of the company's own shares.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to purchase the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 6 April 2022.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide to divest the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on divesting own shares held by the company  as follows.Based on the authorisation  a maximum of 500 000 shares may be divested.Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the divestment of the company's own shares. The divestment of the company's own shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights to shares in the company (directed share issue)  e.g. for implementing the company's incentive programs and for remuneration  including divesting the company's own shares to board members for payment of board remuneration.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to divest the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 6 April 2022.Aktia Bank PlcFurther information:Lotta Borgström  Director  Investor Relations and Communications  tel. +358 10 247 6838  lotta.borgstrom (at) aktia.fiDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMass mediawww.aktia.comAktia is a Finnish asset manager  bank and life insurer that has been creating wealth and wellbeing from one generation to the next for 200 years. We serve our customers in digital channels everywhere and face-to-face in our offices in Helsinki  Turku  Tampere  Vaasa and Oulu regions. Our award-winning asset management business sells investment funds internationally. We employ approximately 900 people around Finland. Aktia's assets under management (AuM) on 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 13.5 billion  and the balance sheet total was EUR 12.4 billion. Aktia's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (AKTIA). aktia.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Aktia Bank Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', ""Directors' proposals"", 'Board', 'Aktia Bank Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'separate Stock Exchange Release', 'Stock Exchange Building', 'English Finnish Swedish', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'authorised public accountants', 'Marcus Tötterman', 'Annual General Meeting', 'traditional general meeting', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'remote general meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'physical general meetings', 'consolidated financial statements', ""Directors' Audit Committee"", 'Directors’ Audit Committee', 'The Remuneration Report', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'remote meeting', 'hybrid meetings', 'financial year', 'meeting venue', 'detailed information', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'reasonable invoice', 'M.Sc.', 'exceptional circumstances', 'same way', 'same context', 'timely manner', 'telecommunication connection', 'technical aid', 'several tranches', 'maximum amount', 'The Board', 'special rights', 'dividend payment', 'new shares', ""Directors' proposals"", '7,238,000 shares', 'February', '8.10 a', 'company', '5 April', 'Fabianinkatu', 'Helsinki', 'invitation', 'registration', 'attendance', 'addition', 'number', 'members', 'election', '31 January', 'Adoption', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'register', '18 April', 'accordance', 'rules', '15 March', 'recommendation', 'firm', 'Econ.', 'APA', 'charge', 'office', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Chapter', 'organising', 'alternative', 'purpose', 'holding', 'unexpected', 'situations', 'venues', '§ Right', 'deadline', 'Espoo', 'Vantaa', 'means', 'issue', 'one', 'authorisation', 'terms', 'issuance', '4.00', '2022']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18693,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AKTIA-PANKKI-OYJ-42765428/news/Board-of-Directors-proposals-to-Aktia-Bank-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-2023-43013769/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,Board of Directors' proposals to Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General Meeting 2023,(marketscreener.com) Aktia Bank Plc                Stock Exchange Release         17 February 2023 at 8.10 a.m. Board of Directors' proposals to Aktia Bank Plc’s Annual General Meeting 2023 The Board of Directors of Aktia Bank Plc has decided that the Annual …,"Aktia Bank PlcStock Exchange Release17 February 2023 at 8.10 a.m.Board of Directors' proposals to Aktia Bank Plc’s Annual General Meeting 2023The Board of Directors of Aktia Bank Plc (hereinafter ""Aktia"" or ""company"") has decided that the Annual General Meeting will be held on 5 April 2023 at 4.00 pm at Stock Exchange Building  Fabianinkatu 14 in Helsinki.The company will publish the invitation to the Annual General Meeting separately later. The invitation will contain more detailed information on registration and attendance at the General Meeting.In addition to the proposals set forth by the Board of Directors below  the proposals of the Shareholders' Nomination Board for the Annual General Meeting 2023 concerning the number of members and election of the Board of Directors and the remuneration of the Board of Directors have been published in a separate Stock Exchange Release on 31 January 2023.Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting will decide on confirming the financial statements. The company’s auditor has recommended confirming the financial statements.Resolution on the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.43 per share shall be paid for the financial year 2022.Shareholders registered in the register of shareholders of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the dividend payment 11 April 2023 are entitled to the dividend. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid out on 18 April 2023 in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Finland Ltd.Aktia Bank Plc's Remuneration Report for 2022The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report for the company’s governing bodies be confirmed. The Remuneration Report is expected to be published on or about 15 March 2023.Resolution on the auditor's remunerationThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that remuneration shall be paid to the auditor against the auditor’s reasonable invoice.Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  shall be elected as auditor  with Marcus Tötterman  M.Sc. (Econ.)  APA  as auditor-in-charge for a term of office beginning when the Annual General Meeting 2023 is closed and continuing up until the Annual General Meeting 2024 has ended.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationDue to the amendments made to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting amends the company's Articles of Association to allow organising of a remote general meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a physical general meeting or a hybrid meeting. The purpose of the amendment is to facilitate the holding of a remote general meeting in unexpected or exceptional circumstances  however not limited to these situations. According to the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder must be able to exercise their rights fully at a remote general meeting in the same way as at a traditional general meeting held physically. The amendments do not prevent the holding of physical or hybrid meetings. The venues for physical general meetings will be defined in the same context.In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  Article 5 of the company's Articles of Association shall be amended as follows:""5 § Right to attend the General Meeting and the venue of the General MeetingTo participate in the General Meeting  a shareholder must notify the company of their attendance by the deadline specified in the invitation to the meeting. The deadline for registration may not be earlier than ten days before the General Meeting.The General Meeting can be held in Helsinki  Espoo  or Vantaa. The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting shall be held without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their right to decide during the meeting in full and in a timely manner by means of a telecommunication connection and a technical aid (remote meeting).""Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on issue of shares or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Companies Act in one or several tranchesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to issue shares  or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Companies Act  as follows:A maximum amount of 7 238 000 shares can be issued based on this authorisation  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all terms for issues of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation concerns the issuance of new shares. Issues of shares or of special rights entitling to shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right to the company’s shares (directed share issue).The Board of Directors has the right to use this authorisation  among other things  to strengthen the company's capital base  for the company's share-based incentive scheme  acquisitions and/or other corporate transactions.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to issue shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 6 April 2022.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of 500 000 shares at a maximum  corresponding to approximately 0.7% of the total number of shares in the company.The company's own shares may be acquired in one or several tranches using the unrestricted equity of the company.The company's own shares may be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition  or at a price otherwise prevailing on the market. The company's own shares may be acquired in a proportion other than that of the shares held by the shareholders (directed acquisition).The company's own shares may be acquired to be used in the company's share-based incentive schemes and/or for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for further transfer  retention  or cancellation.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the acquisition of the company's own shares.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to purchase the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 6 April 2022.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide to divest the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on divesting own shares held by the company  as follows.Based on the authorisation  a maximum of 500 000 shares may be divested.Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the divestment of the company's own shares. The divestment of the company's own shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights to shares in the company (directed share issue)  e.g. for implementing the company's incentive programs and for remuneration  including divesting the company's own shares to board members for payment of board remuneration.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to divest the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 6 April 2022.Aktia Bank PlcFurther information:Lotta Borgström  Director  Investor Relations and Communications  tel. +358 10 247 6838  lotta.borgstrom (at) aktia.fiDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMass mediawww.aktia.comAktia is a Finnish asset manager  bank and life insurer that has been creating wealth and wellbeing from one generation to the next for 200 years. We serve our customers in digital channels everywhere and face-to-face in our offices in Helsinki  Turku  Tampere  Vaasa and Oulu regions. Our award-winning asset management business sells investment funds internationally. We employ approximately 900 people around Finland. Aktia's assets under management (AuM) on 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 13.5 billion  and the balance sheet total was EUR 12.4 billion. Aktia's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (AKTIA). aktia.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Aktia Bank Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', ""Directors' proposals"", 'Board', 'Aktia Bank Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'separate Stock Exchange Release', 'Stock Exchange Building', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'authorised public accountants', 'Marcus Tötterman', 'Annual General Meeting', 'traditional general meeting', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'remote general meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'physical general meetings', 'consolidated financial statements', ""Directors' Audit Committee"", 'Directors’ Audit Committee', 'The Remuneration Report', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'remote meeting', 'hybrid meetings', 'financial year', 'meeting venue', 'detailed information', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'reasonable invoice', 'M.Sc.', 'exceptional circumstances', 'same way', 'same context', 'timely manner', 'telecommunication connection', 'technical aid', 'several tranches', 'maximum amount', 'The Board', 'special rights', 'dividend payment', 'new shares', ""Directors' proposals"", '7,238,000 shares', 'February', '8.10 a', 'company', '5 April', 'Fabianinkatu', 'Helsinki', 'invitation', 'registration', 'attendance', 'addition', 'number', 'members', 'election', '31 January', 'Adoption', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'register', '18 April', 'accordance', 'rules', '15 March', 'recommendation', 'firm', 'Econ.', 'APA', 'charge', 'office', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Chapter', 'organising', 'alternative', 'purpose', 'holding', 'unexpected', 'situations', 'venues', '§ Right', 'deadline', 'Espoo', 'Vantaa', 'means', 'issue', 'one', 'authorisation', 'terms', 'issuance', '4.00', '2022']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18694,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/METSO-OUTOTEC-OYJ-1412510/news/Metso-Outotec-Oyj-Proposals-by-the-Shareholders-Nomination-Board-and-the-Board-of-Directors-43014255/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,Metso Outotec Oyj : Proposals by the Shareholders' Nomination Board and the Board of Directors,(marketscreener.com)   Annual General Meeting 2023   DECISION PROPOSALS TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF METSO OUTOTEC CORPORATION TO BE HELD ON   MAY 3  2023   Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of divid…,"Annual General Meeting 2023 DECISION PROPOSALS TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (THE ""GENERAL MEETING"") OF METSO OUTOTEC CORPORATION (THE ""COMPANY"") TO BE HELD ON MAY 3  2023 Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend (agenda item 8) The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.30 per share (in the aggregate approximately EUR 248 million based on the total number of outstanding shares of the Company at the time of the proposal) be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year January 1 - December 31  2022  and that the remaining part of the profit for the financial year be retained and carried further in unrestricted equity. The dividend shall be paid in two instalments as follows: The first dividend instalment of EUR 0.15 per share shall be paid to the shareholders who are registered as shareholders in the Company's register of shareholders as maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  May 5  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the first dividend instalment be paid on May 12  2023.The second dividend instalment of EUR 0.15 per share shall be paid in November 2023 to the shareholders who are registered as shareholders in the Company's register of shareholders as maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date. The Board of Directors shall resolve on the dividend record date and the date of payment of the second dividend instalment in its meeting agreed to be held on October 26  2023. Based on the current rules of the Finnish book-entry system  the dividend record date would be October 30  2023  and the date of payment November 6  2023. All the shares in the Company are entitled to a dividend with the exception of own shares held by the Company on the relevant dividend record date. Adoption of the Company's remuneration report for governing bodies (agenda item 10) The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that it adopts  through an advisory resolution  the Company's remuneration report for governing bodies for the year 2022. The Company's remuneration report for governing bodies will be published by a stock exchange release and will also be made available on the Company's website at www.mogroup.com/agm no later than on March 24  2023. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors (agenda item 11) The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the General Meeting that the members of the Board of Directors and such Board members who will be elected to the committees of the Board be paid a fixed annual remuneration as follows: EUR 164 000 for the Chair of the Board of Directors (previously EUR 156 000)  EUR 85 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors (previously EUR 82 500) and EUR 69 000 for the other members of the Board of Directors each (previously EUR 67 000)  as well as an additional EUR 24 500 for the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee (previously EUR 23 800)  an additional EUR 10 500 for the other members of the Audit and Risk Committee each (previously EUR 10 300)  an additional EUR 12 650 for the Chair of the Remuneration and HR Committee (previously EUR 12 400)  and an additional EUR 5 250 for the other members of the Remuneration and HR Committee each (previously EUR 5 150). The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the General Meeting that  as a condition for the annual remuneration  the Board members be obliged  directly based on the General Meeting's decision  to use 20 or 40 percent of their fixed total annual remuneration for purchasing Metso Outotec shares from the market at a priceAnnual General Meeting 2023 formed in public trading  and that the purchase be carried out within two weeks from the publication of the interim report for January 1 - March 31  2023 on May 3  2023. The Shareholders' Nomination Board further proposes to the General Meeting that the members of the Board of Directors be paid the following meeting fees for attending the meetings of the Board and its committees: EUR 900 for meetings requiring travel within the Nordic countries  EUR 1 800 for meetings requiring travel within a continent  EUR 3 000 for meetings requiring intercontinental travel  and EUR 900 for meetings with remote attendance. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors (agenda item 12) The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be nine (9) (last year: nine (9)). Election of members and Chair as well as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors (agenda item 13) The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the General Meeting that the following current members of the Board of Directors be re-elected as Board members for the term ending at the closing of the Annual General Meeting 2024: Brian Beamish  Klaus Cawén  Terhi Koipijärvi  Ian W. Pearce  Emanuela Speranza  Kari Stadigh  and Arja Talma. Christer Gardell and Antti Mäkinen have informed the Shareholders' Nomination Board that they will not be available for re-election. The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that Niko Pakalén and Reima Rytsölä be elected as new Board members for the term ending at the closing of the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Shareholders' Nomination Board further proposes that the General Meeting resolves to re-elect Kari Stadigh as the Chair of the Board of Directors and Klaus Cawén as the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors for the term ending at the closing of the Annual General Meeting 2024. All the candidates have given their consent to be elected and have been assessed to be independent of the Company and its significant shareholders  except for Reima Rytsölä  who has been assessed to be independent of the Company but not independent of its significant shareholder. More information on the nominees is available on the Company's website at www.mogroup.com/agm. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor (agenda item 14) On the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Auditor's fees be paid according to the Auditor's reasonable invoice approved by the Company. Election of the auditor (agenda item 15) On the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that authorized public accountants Ernst & Young Oy be re-elected as the Company's Auditor for a term ending at the closing of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Ernst & Young Oy has announced that Mikko Järventausta  APA  would continue as the principally responsible auditor. Change of the Company's business name (agenda item 16) The Board of Directors proposes that Article 1 of the Articles of Association be amended to change the business name of the Company to ""Metso"". In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows: ""1 § Business name and domicileAnnual General Meeting 2023 The business name of the Company is Metso Oyj in Finnish and Metso Corporation in English. The domicile of the Company is Helsinki."" Amendment of Article 10 of the Articles of Association (agenda item 17) The Board of Directors proposes that Article 10 of the Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company's domicile (Helsinki)  Espoo or Vantaa. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows: ""10 § Time and place of the meeting and advance notice In order to attend the General Meeting a shareholder shall give an advance notice to the Company prior to the end of the advance notice period set out in the notice convening the meeting. The last day for advance notice may be assigned to be no earlier than ten days before the meeting and it may not be assigned to be on a Sunday  Saturday  Midsummer's Eve  Christmas Eve  New Year's Eve or any other public holiday. The General Meeting may be held in the domicile of the Company  Espoo or Vantaa. In addition  the Board of Directors may resolve on organizing the General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means."" The proposal regarding the meeting venue is based on the changes to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange general meetings remotely. The legislative changes are based on the premise that  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format  shareholders' rights must not be compromised and that all participating shareholders can exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time  including the right to present questions and vote. The possibility to organize general meetings remotely enables the Company to prepare for rapid changes in the Company's operating environment and society in general  which may be caused  for example  by pandemics. It is important that the Company has the necessary means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters that are presented in a general meeting under any circumstances. In addition  the possibility to organize a general meeting remotely would enable the use of a more sustainable meeting form with a smaller carbon footprint. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own shares (agenda item 18) The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 82 000 000 of the Company's own shares. The proposed amount of shares corresponds to approximately 9.9 percent of all the current shares of the Company. However  the Company together with its subsidiaries cannot at any moment own more than 10 percent of all the shares of the Company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of this authorization only by using unrestricted equity. Own shares can be repurchased at a price formed in trading on regulated market on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors is entitled to resolve how shares are repurchased. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization shall be in force until the closing of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares (agenda item 19) The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows: The number of shares to be issued on the basis of this",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Metso Outotec Oyj', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Proposals', 'Directors', 'relevant dividend record date', 'price Annual General Meeting', 'fixed total annual remuneration', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'stock exchange release', 'Klaus Cawén', 'Terhi Koipijärvi', 'Ian W. Pearce', 'Antti Mäkinen', 'fixed annual remuneration', 'following meeting fees', 'Metso Outotec shares', 'following current members', 'The Board', 'OUTOTEC CORPORATION', 'current rules', 'total number', 'The Company', 'balance sheet', 'remaining part', 'unrestricted equity', 'two instalments', 'remuneration report', 'governing bodies', 'Risk Committee', 'HR Committee', 'public trading', 'two weeks', 'interim report', 'Nordic countries', 'remote attendance', 'Brian Beamish', 'Emanuela Speranza', 'Kari Stadigh', 'Arja Talma', 'Christer Gardell', 'agenda item', 'outstanding shares', 'financial year', 'last year', 'other members', 'DECISION PROPOSALS', 'Board members', 'Vice Chair', 'intercontinental travel', 'advisory resolution', 'MAY', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Directors', 'aggregate', 'time', 'December', 'register', 'November', 'October', 'exception', 'Adoption', 'website', 'March', 'committees', 'Audit', 'condition', '40 percent', 'market', 'purchase', 'publication', 'January', 'meetings', 'Election', 'term', 'closing', '20']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18695,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-of-essity-aktiebolag-publ-301749900.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ),"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Ni…","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 3 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm (registration from 2 p.m.)The shareholders also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by voting in advance (so-called postal voting) ahead of the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may thereby choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting 2023 by attending in person  through a proxy or by advance voting as instructed below.A. Right to participate at the MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  21 March 2023 ; and; and give notice of its intention to participate in the Meeting in accordance with the instructions set out in section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy""no later than Thursday  23 March 2023   or by submitting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under section ""C. Advance voting"" no later than Thursday  23 March 2023 .For shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  21 March 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  will be considered in the presentation of the share register.B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxyA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice to the company as instructed below:by telephone +46 8 402 90 80  weekdays between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m.    on the company website www.essity.com by mail to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden   or  or by email to [email protected]Name  personal identity number/corporate registration number  address and telephone number  and number of accompanying persons (no more than two)  if any  should be stated when notification is given. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate and other authorization document should be sent to the company at the address stated above well in advance of the Meeting and no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.C. Advance votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must however give notice in accordance with the instructions under section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation only through advance voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue.A special form must be used for the advance vote. The form is available on Essity's website  www.essity.com. Submission of the form in accordance with the instructions set out below is considered as notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  23 March 2023. The completed form may be sent to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically. Electronic submission can be made either through verification with BankID in accordance with instructions at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by sending the completed form by email to [email protected]. Electronic submission must be made no later than Thursday  23 March 2023.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the advance vote. If so  the entire advance vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the advance voting form.Shareholders submitting their advance vote by proxy must issue a dated written proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder  which must be enclosed with the advance voting form. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories shall be appended to the advance voting form.Proposed agenda1. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Election of two persons to check the minutes.4. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened.5. Approval of the agenda.6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration for the senior management have been complied with.7. Resolutions ona. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriations of the company's earnings under the adopted balance sheet and record date for dividend; andc. discharge from personal liability of the Board of Directors and the President for 2022.8. Resolution on the number of directors and deputy directors.9. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors.10. Resolution on remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditor.11. Election of directors and deputy directors.Re-election ofa. Ewa Björlingb. Pär Bomanc. Annemarie Gardshold. Magnus Grothe. Torbjörn Lööff. Bert Nordbergg. Barbara Milian ThoralfssonNew election ofh. Maria Carelli. Jan Gurander12. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of auditors and deputy auditors.14. Resolution on approval of the Board's report on remuneration for the senior management.15. Resolution on cash-based incentive program.16. Resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve ona. acquisition of own shares; andb. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions.Proposal for resolution under Item 1The Nomination Committee proposes attorney-at-law Carl Svernlöv as Chairman of the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Essity  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue and received advance votes.Proposal for resolution under Item 7.bThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the financial year 2022 of SEK 7.25 per share. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Friday  31 March 2023. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  5 April 2023.Proposal for resolution under Item 8–13The Nomination Committee proposes the following:The number of directors shall be nine with no deputy director.The number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditor.The remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting and who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 875 000 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 625 000 . Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 130 000   while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 155 000 . Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000   while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000 . Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000   while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000 . Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive . Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of   while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of . Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of   while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of . Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of   while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of . Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice. Re-election of the directors Ewa Björling  Pär Boman  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth   Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg and Barbara Milian Thoralfsson and new election of Maria Carell and Jan Gurander. Bjørn Gulden  Louise Svanberg and Lars Rebien Sørensen have declined re-election.Maria Carell  born 1973  has since 2017 been the President and CEO of RG  an esthetics and skincare specialized company based in Dallas  USA. She is a Swedish citizen and has lived in the USA since 2012. Maria Carell has a solid pharmaceutical and med-tech background including previous leading positions in i.a. Exeltis  Meda  Q-MED  Actavis  Novartis and Jensen-Cilag. She has served as a board member in several companies during the last 20 years but today only has a board assignment in RG Holdco. Maria Carell has a M.Sc. in Business Administration and Economics with focus on international business.Jan Gurander  born 1961  was during 2016-2022 deputy CEO in the Volvo Group and was also CFO for the Volvo Group during 2014-2018. He is a Swedish citizen. Jan Gurander has experience from leading positions in listed large international industrial companies and from the financial sector  such as MAN  Volvo Cars  Swedbank Robur  Scania and Investor. Today he has a board assignment in one listed company (Skanska)  where he is also serving as a member in all of the board committees. Jan Gurander has a M.Sc. in Business and Economics from Stockholm School of Economics.Re-election of Pär Boman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. If elected  Ernst & Young AB has announced its appointment of Erik Sandström as auditor in charge.Proposal for resolution under Item 15The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves to approve a cash-based incentive program which is directed to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in Essity (the ""Program"") as follows. In order to encourage a common interest for the participants and the shareholders of long-term good return and the company's ability to recruit and retain key employees  the Board of Directors considers that the company shall have cash-based incentive programs. Such programs should be approved annually and have performance conditions related to (i) the relative value development of Essity's class B share  and (ii) reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The Board of Directors also considers that there should be a requirement for the participants' own investment in Essity shares and that such shares should be held for a period of at least three years. It is noted that the Program is exclusively cash-based and does not result in any dilution or other impact on the rights of the shares.Essity has for a number of years resolved on similar cash-based programs  which are described in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report and in the remuneration report approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022. The Board of Directors' assessment is that these programs have worked very well.Against this background  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves on a cash-based incentive program  as further described below.Principal terms and conditions of the ProgramThe proposed Program for 2023–2025 shall be based on the following principal terms and conditions.a. The Program is proposed to be open to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in the Essity group  a total of approximately 380 persons (the ""Participants"").b. The Participants shall have the opportunity  depending on satisfaction of certain performance conditions in accordance with paragraph (c) below  to obtain a cash remuneration (the ""Cash Remuneration"") after the end of a measurement period which covers the years 2023–2025 (the ""Measurement Period""). The Cash Remuneration for each Participant may not exceed a certain percentage of the Participant's fixed annual salary (gross) for 2025  as follows: (i) for the President  a maximum of 50 per cent  (ii) for other members of the senior management  a maximum of 80 per cent and (iii) for other Participants  a maximum of 50 per cent. The maximum variable remuneration level shall be determined per individual  taking into account the total remuneration in relation to the specific role  the local market  the terms of employment or the individual performance.c. Payment of the Cash Remuneration shall depend on the degree on satisfaction of the following performance conditions for the Program under the Measurement Period:i. A financial target consisting of the total shareholder return (""TSR"") on the company's class B share under the Measurement Period in relation to a benchmark group of other companies (the ""TSR Condition"").[1] The benchmark group shall to 60 per cent consist of companies which are comparable with the operations in the company's business area Consumer Goods and to 20 per cent each consist of companies that are comparable with the operations in the business area Health & Medical and Professional Hygiene  respectively.[2]A condition for payment is that the TSR of Essity's class B share is not lower than the weighted TSR outcome for the benchmark group under the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Minimum Level""). If the TSR Minimum Level is not reached  no payment of Cash Remuneration related to the TSR Condition will be made. For maximum payment (100 per cent)  it is required that the TSR of Essity's class B share exceeds the weighted TSR outcome for the Benchmark Group with at least 5 percentage points during the Measurement Period (the ""TSR Maximum Level""). Should the TSR of Essity's class B share be between the TSR Minimum Level and the TSR Maximum Level during the Measurement Period  a linear payment will be made.ii. A sustainability target related to the company's reduction of greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period (the ""Sustainability Condition"").[3]A condition for payment of Cash Remuneration related to Sustainability Condition is that the company reduces greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period by at least 7.5 per cent compared to the base year 2016 (the ""Sustainability Target""). If the Sustainability Target is reached  full payment of Cash Remuneration relating to the Sustainability Condition will be made. If the Sustainability Target is not reached  no payment relating to this target will be made.iii. The TSR Condition will be weighted 80 per cent and the Sustainability Condition 20 per cent  when payment of the Cash Remuneration is decided.d. Cash Remuneration will normally be paid only after the expiration of the Measurement Period and shall in general not qualify for the basis for pension computation.e. Participants shall normally be invited to the Program during the first year of the Program. A prerequisite for a Participant to be able to receive full Cash Remuneration  is that the Participant has been permanently employed withing the Essity group throughout the Measurement Period. If a Participant has commenced its employment within the Essity group during the Measurement Period  the payment of Cash Remuneration shall be made pro rata.f. Each Participant shall undertake  for as long as the Participant is employed within the Essity group  to acquire Essity shares for (i) the total paid net amount of the Cash Remuneration regarding senior management  and (ii) at least half the total paid net amount regarding other Participants  no later than 30 June 2026 (or as soon as possible thereafter if the Participant has been prevented from acquiring Essity shares at such time due to applicable insider rules)  and to retain such shares for a period of at least three years after the acquisition  with certain exemptions approved by the Board of Directors. If a Participant does not acquire or retain Essity shares in accordance with the above  the Participant's right to payment under future incentive programs to which the Participant has been invited to participate  shall lapse.g. If extraordinary changes in the Essity group or in the market occur which  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  would result in a situation where the conditions for Cash Remuneration under the Program become unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Program  including  among other things  be entitled to resolve on a reduced right to Cash Remuneration  or that no Cash Remuneration shall be paid at all.h. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish the detailed terms and conditions for the Program. The Board of Directors may  in that regard  make necessary adjustments of these general terms and conditions due to changed circumstances or to satisfy certain regulations or market conditions outside Sweden.i. Participation in the Program presupposes that such participation is legally possible in the various jurisdictions concerned.Measurement Period and vesting periodThe Measurement Period for the performance conditions under the proposed Program will cover the financial years 2023–2025. The intention of the Board of Directors is that also future programs shall have a measurement period of three years. In order to receive full Cash Remuneration  employment within the Essity group throughout the vesting period is required. Further  the vesting period  which is three years  shall be combined with a requirement that the Participant must undertake to acquire and hold Essity shares for at least a three-year period after the acquisition  in accordance with above. Required long-term nature of the Program is achieved by the above stated requirements which totals six years.Costs for the Program  dilution  etc.The cost for the Program  including social security charges  including approximately 380 employees  amounts to a maximum of SEK 260 million assuming 100 per cent satisfaction of all of the performance conditions for all Participants in the Program. The cost of the Program amounts to a maximum of 1.7 per cent of Essity's total cost for salaries and remuneration  including social security charges.The Program is cash-based and does not entail any dilution for the company's shareholders. No hedging arrangements are intended to be made with regard to the Program's financial exposure.Preparations of the proposalThe proposed Program has been prepared by Essity's Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee has presented documentation to the Board of Directors  whereafter the Board of Directors has resolved that the Program shall be referred to the Annual General Meeting 2023 for approval.Majority requirementsThe Annual General Meeting's resolution on approval of the Program requires a simple majority of the votes cast.Previous incentive programs in EssityThe company's other incentive programs are described more in detail in Essity's report on remuneration for 2022  which is included in the company's Annual and Sustainability Report 2022 and available on the company's website  www.essity.com.Proposal for resolution under Item 16The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it would be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the capital structure and to be able to acquire own shares to be used as payment or financing on account of company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. Hence  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of own class B shares mainly as follows.a. Acquisition of own sharesAcquisition of class B shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the at each time prevailing price interval for the share on the marketplace  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. The authorisation may be utilised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. A maximum of so many class B shares may be acquired that Essity's holding at each time amount to a maximum of 10 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in Essity.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.b. Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsTransfer of class B shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  as well as outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind or set-off rights. The shares may be used as payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses or as to finance acquisition of companies or businesses. Transfer may be made of the maximum number of shares held by Essity at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution. The authorisation may be utilized on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024. Transfer upon acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision of transfer. Transfers made on Nasdaq Stockholm to finance acquisition of companies or businesses may be made at a price within the each time prevailing price interval of the share.The purpose of the authorisation to acquire shares in the company is to be able to adapt the company's capital structure and to be able to use repurchased shares in connection with the potential company acquisitions and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. The purpose of the authorisation to transfer own shares is to give the Board of Directors increased flexibility when financing company acquisitions. The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to create alternative forms of payment upon acquisition of companies or businesses.Majority requirementsThe Meeting's resolution under Item 16 requires that shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting approve the resolution.The Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 is composed of Helena Stjernholm  AB Industrivärden  the Chairman of the Nomination Committee  Anders Oscarsson  AMF and AMF Fonder  Ola Peter Krohn Gjessing  Norges Bank Investment Management  Marianne Nilsson  Swedbank Robur Fonder and Pär Boman  Chairman of the Board of Essity.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 702 342 489 shares  of which 61 158 914 are class A shares and 641 183 575 are class B shares  representing a total of 1 252 772 715 votes. The class A share carries ten votes  and the class B share carries one vote. No shares are held by Essity. The information pertains to the circumstances as per the time of issuing this notice.Additional informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report  the Board of Directors' complete proposals including the Board of Directors' statements pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the senior management  will be available at the company and on the company's website  www.essity.com  no later than Wednesday  8 March 2023. Information about the proposed board members and the proposed auditor  the Nomination Committee's statement  proxy forms  and forms for advance voting are available on the company's website  www.essity.com. The documents will be distributed free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address and will be available at the General Meeting.The Board of Directors and the president shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and regarding circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in February 2023Essity Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of Directors[1] The calculation of TSR is done as follows. The volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2022 is compared with the volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2025  including dividend and other return.[2] When implementing the Program  the benchmark group comprises of the following companies. For Consumer Goods: Procter & Gamble  Kimberly-Clark  Unicharm and Ontex. For Health & Medical: Smith & Nephew  Convatec and Hartman. For Professional Hygiene: Kimberly-Clark  Ecolab and Diversey. Each company has the same significance within the respective business area. The benchmark group can be adjusted according to the Board of Directors' decision if the Board of Directors deems it appropriate.[3] The calculation of greenhouse gas emissions shall be based on the target adopted by the company according to Science Based Targets (SBTi) in Scope 1 and 2. The assessment shall be made on the basis of the actual greenhouse gas emissions within the specified classes during the Measurement Period  taking into account acquisitions or divestments made. For more information about SBTi and the company's target  see Essity's Annual and Sustainability report 2022  and www.essity.com/sustainability/why-we-do-it/science-based-targets/.For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 733 13 30 55  [email protected]Johan Karlsson  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 705 11 15 81  [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15798/3717980/1858340.pdf Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2023 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ)SOURCE Essity",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.16,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'equivalent authorization document', 'other authorization document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'C. Advance voting', 'entire advance vote', 'voting rights registration', 'postal voting', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'accompanying persons', 'issue date', 'longer period', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'one (1) year', 'authorized signatories', 'anmalan.vpc', 'telephone number', 'other nominee', 'Electronic submission', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'special form', 'completed form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'written proxy', 'Proxy forms', 'company website', 'B. Notice', 'Feb.', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'opportunity', 'A.', 'presentation', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'accordance', 'section', 'participation', 'Thursday', 'shares', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'request', 'routines', 'time', '8 a', 'mail', 'publ', 'address', 'notification', 'dated', 'representative', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'verification', 'euroclearproxy', 'conditions', '3', '2']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,prnewswire.com
18696,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/lemonsoft-oyjs-board-of-directors-has-decided-on-a-directed-share-issue-1676646000,Lemonsoft Oyj’s Board of Directors has decided on a directed share issue,The new shares are to be registered in the trade register and in the book value system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy in the week beginning 20.2.2023. The new shares are estimated to be admitted to public trading together with Lemonsoft's old shares on ...,The new shares are to be registered in the trade register and in the book value system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy in the week beginning 20.2.2023. The new shares are estimated to be admitted to public trading together with Lemonsoft's old shares on ...,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Lemonsoft Oyj', 'share issue', 'Board', 'Directors', 'book value system', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'new shares', 'trade register', 'public trading', 'old shares', 'week', 'Lemonsoft']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,privataaffarer.se
18697,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-hilbert-082000936.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Hilbert Group AB,"STOCKHOLM  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / / Hilbert Group (STO:HILB-B) (FRA:999) The shareholders of Hilbert Group AB (publ) reg.no. 559105-2948 (""Hilbert Group"") are hereby summoned to an extraordinary general meeting (""EGM"") to be held on Monday ","STOCKHOLM  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / February 17  2023 / Hilbert Group (STO:HILB-B)(FRA:999) The shareholders of Hilbert Group AB (publ) reg.no. 559105-2948 (""Hilbert Group"") are hereby summoned to an extraordinary general meeting (""EGM"") to be held on Monday  6 March 2023 at 10:00 AM in the office of Advokatfirman Nerpin  Birger Jarlsgatan 2  3rd floor in Stockholm.A. Entitlement to participation and notificationShareholders who wish to participate in the EGM must: (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") as of Friday  24 February 2023  and (ii) notify the company of their intention to participate in the EGM no later than Tuesday  28 February 2023. The notice may be done in writing by post to Hilbert Group AB  c/o Advokatfirman Nerpin  Mailbox 545  SE-114 11 Stockholm  or by e-mail to ir@hilbert.group  or by telephone to +46 8 502 353 00. When registering to attend  the shareholder must provide name  personal identity number or registration number  address  and telephone number  as well as the number of any advisors (no more than two).Shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must temporarily re-register their shares in their own name in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear in order to participate in the EGM. Voting rights registrations made no later than the second banking day after the record date 24 February 2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register. Shareholders must  in accordance with the respective nominee's routines  in due time before said date  request their nominee to carry out such voting rights registration.If the shareholder is represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney  signed by the shareholder  is to be issued to the proxy. The power of attorney or any other documents of authorization  such as a copy of the registration certificate  is to be provided at the EGM. Any power of attorney or other document of authorization should also be enclosed in the notice to attend the EGM. A form of proxy is available on the company's website  www.hilbert.group.B. Shareholders' right to request informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholders so requests  and if the board of directors considers that it can be done without significant harm for the company  give information on circumstances that can affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and the company's relation to other group companies.C. Agenda for the meetingProposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of the chairman of the meeting Drawing up and approval of the voting register Approval of the agenda Election of persons to attest the minutes Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the board of directors' resolution on a directed issue of shares Election of new member of the Board and resolution on remuneration Closing of the meetingResolution proposalsHilbert Group announced on 14 February  2023  through a press release  that Hilbert Group had resolved to carry out a directed issue of B-shares and to raise a loan. It is proposed that Hilbert Group's CEO Niclas Sandström and Chief Risk Officer Hans-Peter Bermin should be entitled to participate in the new issue. This part of the new issue is submitted to the EGM for approval in accordance with the so called Lex Leo (Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act). For more information about the new issue and the loan  refer to the press release which is available on Hilbert Group's website www.Hilbert.Group.Item 7 - Approval of the board of directors' resolution on a directed issue of sharesThe board of directors proposes the general meeting approves the board of directors' resolution on a directed issue of shares on the following terms and conditions.The company's share capital shall be increased by SEK 23 200.95 through the issuance of 464 019 B-shares. The right to subscribe for the new shares shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential right  be granted Hilbert Group's CEO Niclas Sandström (154 673 B-shares) and Hilbert Group's Chief Risk Officer Hans-Peter Bermin (309 346 B-shares). The subscription price shall be SEK 1.66 per share. The share premium shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve. Subscription of the new shares shall be made on a separate subscription list no later than 16 February  2023 (subscription has been made). Shares subscribed for shall be paid in cash no later than 8 March  2023. The new shares shall entitle to dividend as from the first record date for dividend to occur after the registration of the new share issue with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.The board of directors proposes that the Chairman of the Board  or whomever the Chairman appoints in his place  shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments of the above resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registrations Office and Euroclear.Documents pursuant to Chapter 13  Section 6 of the Swedish Companies Act have been prepared.A resolution by the general meeting according to the proposal requires  according to the Swedish Companies Act  for its validity the support of shareholders representing at least 90 per cent of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Issue 8 - Election of new member of the Board and resolution on remunerationA group of shareholders in Hilbert Group representing approx. 62 per cent of the votes propose that Stuart Connolly is elected new member of the Board. They also propose that Stuart Connolly receives a yearly board remuneration of SEK 110 000.D. Other informationNumber of shares and votesAt the time of the issuance of this notice  i.e. before the registration of the directed Issue  the total number of shares in Hilbert Group is 48 800 000 divided into 8 500 000 A-shares (ten votes) and 40 300 000 B-shares (one vote). The total number of votes is 125 300 000.The company holds no own shares.Available documentsThe documents to be held available according to the Swedish Companies Act are available at Advokatfirman Nerpin on the address Birger Jarlsgatan 2 in Stockholm and on Hilbert Group's website  www.hilbert.group and be distributed to shareholders who request it from Hilbert Group and state their postal address or e-mail address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm in February 2023HILBERT GROUP AB (Publ)The Board of DirectorsFor additional information  please contact:Niclas SandströmCEO Hilbert Group ABPhone: +46 8 502 353 00Email: ir@hilbert.groupErik NerpinChairman of the Board of Hilbert Group ABPhone: +46 70 620 73 59Email: erik.nerpin@advokatnerpin.comAbout UsHilbert Group AB is an investment firm with sole focus on digital assets  primarily cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies. The business model is diversified into four verticals - asset management  proprietary trading  equity investments and data & analytics.Hilbert Group's vision is to be a world class digital asset investment firm with the ambition to provide first class services to its clients and shareholders  to help accelerate the technological revolution that is digital assets  and to expand people's knowledge of this emerging asset class.Hilbert Group is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market (ticker HILB B) with Eminova Fondkommission (phone +46 8 684 211 10 | adviser@eminova.se) as Certified Adviser.This information is information that Hilbert Group is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  at 2023-02-17 09:00 CET.AttachmentsNotice of extraordinary general meeting in Hilbert Group ABPower Of Attorney EGM 20230306SOURCE: Hilbert GroupView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/739773/Notice-of-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Hilbert-Group-AB",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.05,0.46,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Hilbert Group AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Companies Registrations Office', 'CEO Niclas Sandström', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Voting rights registrations', 'second banking day', 'Chief Risk Officer', 'unrestricted premium reserve', 'personal identity number', 'other group companies', 'separate subscription list', 'first record date', 'Hilbert Group AB', ""B. Shareholders' right"", ""shareholders' preferential right"", 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'new share issue', 'voting register', 'share premium', 'hilbert.group', 'other document', 'registration number', 'registration certificate', 'new member', 'Advokatfirman Nerpin', 'Birger Jarlsgatan', '3rd floor', 'A. Entitlement', 'share register', 'due time', 'significant harm', 'minutes Determination', 'press release', 'Hans-Peter Bermin', 'share capital', 'minor adjustments', 'new issue', 'subscription price', 'Resolution proposals', ""shareholders' register"", 'new shares', 'telephone number', 'respective nominee', 'C. Agenda', 'dated power', 'agenda Election', 'shares Election', ""directors' resolution"", 'Documents', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'February', 'HILB-B', 'EGM', 'Monday', 'March', '10:00 AM', 'Stockholm', 'participation', 'notification', 'Friday', 'company', 'intention', 'Tuesday', 'notice', 'writing', 'post', 'Mailbox', 'name', 'address', 'advisors', 'order', 'account', 'preparation', 'accordance', 'routines', 'proxy', 'written', 'attorney', 'authorization', 'copy', 'form', 'website', 'board', 'circumstances', 'assessment', 'item', 'relation', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'approval', 'persons', 'remuneration', 'B-shares', 'loan', 'Lex', 'Chapter', 'following', 'terms', 'conditions', 'SEK', 'issuance', 'deviation', 'cash', 'place', 'connection', 'Section']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18698,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,NCUA rejects North Dakota credit unions' bid to recoup funds #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/enkfhOrhUI #regtech,nan,NCUA rejects North Dakota credit unions' bid to recoup funds #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/enkfhOrhUI #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"[""North Dakota credit unions' bid"", 'NCUA', 'funds', ""North Dakota credit unions' bid"", 'NCUA', 'funds']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18699,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Energy-sector lenders see enduring demand for fossil fuels #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/MPNiwWu9Xe #regtech,nan,Energy-sector lenders see enduring demand for fossil fuels #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/MPNiwWu9Xe #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Energy-sector lenders', 'enduring demand', 'fossil fuels', 'MPNiwWu9Xe', 'Energy-sector lenders', 'enduring demand', 'fossil fuels', 'MPNiwWu9Xe']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18700,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@fuzed_ @EuroclearGroup @CEOAdam I’m trying to understand it all 😩. Euroclear is in bed bed with Blackrock. All bro… https://t.co/wG50FJpKZs,nan,@fuzed_ @EuroclearGroup @CEOAdam I’m trying to understand it all 😩. Euroclear is in bed bed with Blackrock. All bro… https://t.co/wG50FJpKZs,positive,0.52,0.29,0.19,positive,0.52,0.29,0.19,True,English,"['bed bed', 'EuroclearGroup', 'CEOAdam', 'Blackrock', 'bed bed', 'EuroclearGroup', 'CEOAdam', 'Blackrock']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18701,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Huntington plans reorganization aimed at tapping wealth opportunities #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/i9WuRmejyP #regtech,nan,Huntington plans reorganization aimed at tapping wealth opportunities #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/i9WuRmejyP #regtech,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,True,English,"['wealth opportunities', 'Huntington', 'reorganization', 'Fintech', 'regtech', 'wealth opportunities', 'Huntington', 'reorganization', 'Fintech', 'regtech']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18702,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Demystifying digital transformation #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/od0lcfnoX3 #regtech,nan,Demystifying digital transformation #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/od0lcfnoX3 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['digital transformation', 'AAA Websites', 'digital transformation', 'AAA Websites']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18703,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/in-comeback-commerzbank-to-join-germanys-dax-bluechip-index-3007457,In comeback  Commerzbank to join Germany's DAX blue-chip index By Reuters,In comeback  Commerzbank to join Germany's DAX blue-chip index,"© Reuters. FILE PHOTO: A company logo is pictured at the headquarters of Germany's Commerzbank AG in Frankfurt  Germany  February 13  2020. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski/File PhotoUK100 -0.10% Add to/Remove from Watchlist DJI +0.39% Add to/Remove from Watchlist DE40 -0.33% Add to/Remove from Watchlist ALVG -1.85% Add to/Remove from Watchlist CBKG -1.04% Add to/Remove from Watchlist DB1Gn +0.18% Add to/Remove from Watchlist SIEGY -0.87% Add to/Remove from Watchlist CRZBY -0.33% Add to/Remove from Watchlist LIN -0.61% Add to/Remove from Watchlist VWAGY 0.00% Add to/Remove from Watchlist WCAGY 0.00% Add to/Remove from WatchlistFRANKFURT (Reuters) - Germany's Commerzbank (ETR: ) will rejoin the on Feb. 27  Deutsche Boerse (ETR: ) announced late on Friday  marking a comeback for Germany's No. 2 lender after it was removed from the club of blue-chip companies in 2018.The return to the index comes after Commerzbank launched a major overhaul two years ago that saw thousands of job cuts and branch closures that restored profitability.""This shows that we are on the right track with our restructuring - and spurs us on to continue with the same energy "" Commerzbank AG (OTC: ) said on Twitter in response to the announcement.GRAPHIC: Commerzbank shares - https://www.reuters.com/graphics/COMMERZBANK-CFO/klpygkxdxpg/chart.pngIn 2018  Commerzbank  still partly owned by the German government after a bailout  was expelled from the DAX index to make room for a rising technology star  underscoring the declining fortunes of the nation's top banks.But that star was Wirecard AG (OTC: )  a payments company that collapsed in 2020 after a years-long fraud was exposed  embarrassing the German government and staining the nation's reputation as a safe haven investment.Following Wirecard's demise  Deutsche Boerse AG  which compiles the DAX index  revamped it to include 40 companies  rather than the previous 30  and made membership criteria tougher.Since its founding in 1988  the DAX has been Germany's answer to the in New York and the in London  with its members forming the corporate elite in one of the world's largest economies.Other members include Siemens AG (OTC: )  Volkswagen AG (OTC: )  and Allianz (ETR: ) SE.Commerzbank will replace Linde (NYSE: ) Plc  which is giving up its listing in Germany.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['DAX blue-chip index', 'comeback', 'Commerzbank', 'Germany', 'Reuters', 'Ralph Orlowski/File Photo UK100', 'safe haven investment', 'rising technology star', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Siemens AG', 'Volkswagen AG', 'company logo', 'No. 2 lender', 'major overhaul', 'job cuts', 'branch closures', 'right track', 'same energy', 'German government', 'declining fortunes', 'top banks', 'payments company', 'years-long fraud', 'membership criteria', 'New York', 'corporate elite', 'largest economies', 'Watchlist DJI', 'Watchlist ALVG', 'Watchlist CBKG', 'Watchlist DB1Gn', 'Watchlist SIEGY', 'Watchlist CRZBY', 'Watchlist LIN', 'Watchlist VWAGY', 'Watchlist WCAGY', 'Wirecard AG', 'Commerzbank AG', 'blue-chip companies', 'Other members', 'Commerzbank shares', 'DAX index', '40 companies', 'Reuters', 'headquarters', 'Germany', 'Frankfurt', 'February', 'Feb.', 'ETR', 'Friday', 'comeback', 'club', 'return', 'thousands', 'profitability', 'restructuring', 'Twitter', 'response', 'announcement', 'GRAPHIC', 'COMMERZBANK-CFO', 'bailout', 'room', 'nation', 'OTC', 'reputation', 'demise', 'previous', 'founding', 'answer', 'London', 'world', 'Allianz', 'Linde', 'NYSE', 'Plc', 'listing', '©']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,investing.com
18704,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMMERZBANK-AG-13057331/news/In-comeback-Commerzbank-to-join-Germany-s-DAX-blue-chip-index-43022345/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,In comeback  Commerzbank to join Germany's DAX blue-chip index,(marketscreener.com) Germany's Commerzbank will rejoin the DAX index on Feb. 27  Deutsche Boerse announced late on Friday  marking a comeback for Germany's No. 2 lender after it was removed from the club of blue-chip companies in 2018.https://www.marketscreen…,"The return to the index comes after Commerzbank launched a major overhaul two years ago that saw thousands of job cuts and branch closures that restored profitability.""This shows that we are on the right track with our restructuring - and spurs us on to continue with the same energy "" Commerzbank AG said on Twitter in response to the announcement.In 2018  Commerzbank  still partly owned by the German government after a bailout  was expelled from the DAX index to make room for a rising technology star  underscoring the declining fortunes of the nation's top banks.But that star was Wirecard AG  a payments company that collapsed in 2020 after a years-long fraud was exposed  embarrassing the German government and staining the nation's reputation as a safe haven investment.Following Wirecard's demise  Deutsche Boerse AG  which compiles the DAX index  revamped it to include 40 companies  rather than the previous 30  and made membership criteria tougher.Since its founding in 1988  the DAX has been Germany's answer to the Dow Jones Industrial Average in New York and the FTSE in London  with its members forming the corporate elite in one of the world's largest economies.Other members include Siemens AG  Volkswagen AG  and Allianz SE.Commerzbank will replace Linde Plc  which is giving up its listing in Germany.(Reporting by Tom Sims; editing by Chris Reese and Jonathan Oatis)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['DAX blue-chip index', 'comeback', 'Commerzbank', 'Germany', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'safe haven investment', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'rising technology star', 'Siemens AG', 'Volkswagen AG', 'major overhaul', 'job cuts', 'branch closures', 'right track', 'same energy', 'German government', 'declining fortunes', 'top banks', 'payments company', 'years-long fraud', 'membership criteria', 'New York', 'corporate elite', 'largest economies', 'Allianz SE', 'Linde Plc', 'Tom Sims', 'Chris Reese', 'Jonathan Oatis', 'Wirecard AG', 'Other members', 'Commerzbank AG', 'DAX index', 'return', 'thousands', 'profitability', 'restructuring', 'Twitter', 'response', 'announcement', 'bailout', 'room', 'nation', 'reputation', 'demise', '40 companies', 'previous', 'founding', 'Germany', 'answer', 'FTSE', 'London', 'world', 'listing']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18705,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/in-comeback-commerzbank-to-join-germanys-dax-blue-chip-index-1288233,In comeback  Commerzbank to join Germany’s DAX blue-chip index,FRANKFURT (Reuters) -   Germany&#039;s Commerzbank will rejoin the DAX index on Feb. 27  Deutsche Boerse announced late on Friday  marking a comeback for Germany&#039;s No. 2 lender after it was removed from the club of blue-chip companies in 2018.,“This shows that we are on the right track with our restructuring – and spurs us on to continue with the same energy ” Commerzbank AG said on Twitter in response to the announcement.In 2018  Commerzbank  still partly owned by the German government after a bailout  was expelled from the DAX index to make room for a rising technology star  underscoring the declining fortunes of the nation’s top banks.But that star was Wirecard AG  a payments company that collapsed in 2020 after a years-long fraud was exposed  embarrassing the German government and staining the nation’s reputation as a safe haven investment.Following Wirecard’s demise  Deutsche Boerse AG  which compiles the DAX index  revamped it to include 40 companies  rather than the previous 30  and made membership criteria tougher.Since its founding in 1988  the DAX has been Germany’s answer to the Dow Jones Industrial Average in New York and the FTSE in London  with its members forming the corporate elite in one of the world’s largest economies.Other members include Siemens AG  Volkswagen AG  and Allianz SE.Commerzbank will replace Linde Plc  which is giving up its listing in Germany.(Reporting by Tom Sims; editing by Chris Reese and Jonathan Oatis),neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.14,0.66,True,English,"['DAX blue-chip index', 'comeback', 'Commerzbank', 'Germany', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'safe haven investment', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'rising technology star', 'Siemens AG', 'Volkswagen AG', 'right track', 'same energy', 'German government', 'declining fortunes', 'top banks', 'payments company', 'years-long fraud', 'membership criteria', 'New York', 'corporate elite', 'largest economies', 'Allianz SE', 'Linde Plc', 'Tom Sims', 'Chris Reese', 'Jonathan Oatis', 'Wirecard AG', 'DAX index', 'Commerzbank AG', 'Other members', 'restructuring', 'Twitter', 'response', 'announcement', 'bailout', 'room', 'nation', 'reputation', 'demise', '40 companies', 'previous', 'founding', 'Germany', 'answer', 'FTSE', 'London', 'world', 'listing']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,fxempire.com
18706,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/comeback-commerzbank-join-germanys-dax-blue-chip-index-2023-02-17/,In comeback  Commerzbank to join Germany's DAX blue-chip index,Germany's Commerzbank will rejoin the DAX index on Feb. 27  Deutsche Boerse announced late on Friday  marking a comeback for Germany's No. 2 lender after it was removed from the club of blue-chip companies in 2018.,"[1/2] A company logo is pictured at the headquarters of Germany's Commerzbank AG in Frankfurt  Germany  February 13  2020. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski/File PhotoFRANKFURT  Feb 17 (Reuters) - Germany's Commerzbank (CBKG.DE) will rejoin the DAX index on Feb. 27  Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE) announced late on Friday  marking a comeback for Germany's No. 2 lender after it was removed from the club of blue-chip companies in 2018.The return to the index comes after Commerzbank launched a major overhaul two years ago that saw thousands of job cuts and branch closures that restored profitability.""This shows that we are on the right track with our restructuring - and spurs us on to continue with the same energy "" Commerzbank AG said on Twitter in response to the announcement.Reuters Graphics Reuters GraphicsIn 2018  Commerzbank  still partly owned by the German government after a bailout  was expelled from the DAX index to make room for a rising technology star  underscoring the declining fortunes of the nation's top banks.But that star was Wirecard AG   a payments company that collapsed in 2020 after a years-long fraud was exposed  embarrassing the German government and staining the nation's reputation as a safe haven investment.Following Wirecard's demise  Deutsche Boerse AG  which compiles the DAX index  revamped it to include 40 companies  rather than the previous 30  and made membership criteria tougher.Since its founding in 1988  the DAX has been Germany's answer to the Dow Jones Industrial Average in New York and the FTSE in London  with its members forming the corporate elite in one of the world's largest economies.Other members include Siemens AG  Volkswagen AG  and Allianz SE.Commerzbank will replace Linde Plc (LIN.N)  which is giving up its listing in Germany.Reporting by Tom Sims; editing by Chris Reese and Jonathan OatisOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['DAX blue-chip index', 'comeback', 'Commerzbank', 'Germany', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'Ralph Orlowski/File Photo', 'safe haven investment', 'rising technology star', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Reuters Graphics', 'Siemens AG', 'Volkswagen AG', 'company logo', 'CBKG.DE', 'DB1Gn.DE', 'No. 2 lender', 'major overhaul', 'job cuts', 'branch closures', 'right track', 'same energy', 'German government', 'declining fortunes', 'top banks', 'payments company', 'years-long fraud', 'membership criteria', 'New York', 'corporate elite', 'largest economies', 'Allianz SE', 'Linde Plc', 'Tom Sims', 'Chris Reese', 'Jonathan Oatis', 'Wirecard AG', 'Commerzbank AG', 'DAX index', 'blue-chip companies', 'Other members', '40 companies', 'headquarters', 'Germany', 'Frankfurt', 'Feb.', 'Friday', 'comeback', 'club', 'return', 'thousands', 'profitability', 'restructuring', 'Twitter', 'response', 'announcement', 'bailout', 'room', 'nation', 'reputation', 'demise', 'previous', 'founding', 'answer', 'FTSE', 'London', 'world', 'LIN.', 'listing', 'Reporting', 'editing', 'Standards']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,reuters.com
18707,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/bMOXqNJzo5,nan,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/bMOXqNJzo5,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'Deutsche Börse', 'partnership']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18708,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@TintinCapital yea. the website is super good. a joke what Nasdaq or Deutsche Börse is offering compared to this po… https://t.co/Bla6lbZOCw,nan,@TintinCapital yea. the website is super good. a joke what Nasdaq or Deutsche Börse is offering compared to this po… https://t.co/Bla6lbZOCw,mixed,0.51,0.06,0.43,mixed,0.51,0.06,0.43,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'website', 'joke', 'Nasdaq', 'po', 'Bla6lbZOCw', 'Deutsche Börse', 'website', 'joke', 'Nasdaq', 'po', 'Bla6lbZOCw']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18709,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/evs-reports-2022-results-053000279.html,EVS REPORTS 2022 RESULTS,Publication on February 17  2023  before market openingRegulated information – Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels...,"Publication on February 17  2023  before market openingRegulated information – Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS reports 2022 resultsLiège  Belgium  February 17th  2023EVS delivers record revenue and order intake resultsThe results of 2022 are entirely supporting the growth ambitions of EVS. All the fundamentals for topline performance are strong: EVS realizes a record-high order intake and achieves a historical revenue number  despite the increased delivery terms in 2022. EVS is able to demonstrate a strong net profit result and as a consequence  realizes a solid Earnings Per Share.FY22 HighlightsRecord order intake at EUR 218 8 million  growing 46 5% YoY.Revenue performance in line with expectations at EUR 148 2 million  growing 7 7% vs. FY21 despite increased delivery terms announced early 2022 and despite reduced Big Event Rental (BER) activity. The growth is realized through strong growth in North America and in the MediaInfra solution.Controlled OPEX growth  in line with market expectations.Healthy net profit at EUR 31 3 million driven by a strong financial income performance and a one-off benefit in taxes  resulting in fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2 29.2H22 HighlightsRecord order intake of EUR 130 1 million (including Big Tech 2022 contract).Revenue for the second half of 2022 at EUR 80 5 million  growing 6 1% compared to the same period last year. Big Event Rental revenue at EUR 4 2 million  down EUR 4 9 million compared to 2H21. Revenue excluding Big Event Rental at EUR 76 3 million  growing EUR 9 5 million.Net profit amounts to EUR 15 9 million  leading to fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 1 14.Outlook 2023The important order intake of 2022 has considerably fueled the order book to be delivered in future periods. The total order book at the end of 2022 is of EUR 141 8 million  growing 122% compared to last year. The order book reserved for 2023 is estimated at EUR 85 9 million  growing 68 4% compared to beginning of the year 2022.Based on the order book and current market dynamics  the revenue guidance for the year 2023 is set at EUR 145-155 million.The revenue range demonstrates the ambition of EVS to continue the organic growth  in a year with no Big Event Rental revenue.With the growth engine launched  the focus in 2023 for EVS will be on profitable growth.EVS plans no further growth in team members nor do we expect an increase in our capital expenditure envelope.We expect to pay out dividends in 2023 in line with our dividend policy  namely a base dividend per share of EUR 1 10.Story continuesKey figuresEUR millions  except earnings per share expressed in EUR 2H22 2H21 Variance FY22 FY21 Variance Revenue 80 5 75 8 4 7 148 2 137 6 10 6 Gross profit 53 0 53 2 -0 2 98 8 95 8 3 0 Gross margin % 65 8% 70 3% -4 5 Pts 66 7% 69 6% -2 9 Pts Operating profit – EBIT 16 0 21 7 -5 7 31 7 37 1 -5 4 Operating margin – EBIT % 19 9% 28 6% -8 7 Pts 21 4% 27 0% -5 6 Pts Net profit (Group share) 15 9 19 3 -3 5 31 3 34 9 -3 6 Fully diluted EPS (Group share) 1 14 1 42 -0 28 2 29 2 57 -0 28CommentsSerge Van Herck  CEO comments:“I’m proud to say that 2022 was again quite a successful year for EVS. Our PlayForward strategy  as defined at the end of 2019  is starting to deliver the expected growth momentum.In 2022  we had a second record year in a row  with strong growth in revenues  order intake  and team member size. We showed significant growth in North America  announced our largest contract ever in August with the ""Big Tech 22 contract” worth over 50MioUSD  and successfully fought against inflation and component shortages throughout the year.We feel we are winning market share in our Live Audience Business and protecting our position in the Live Service Providers markets. We successfully supported many of our customers in delivering the live TV production of major sports events in Asia  the Middle East  and North America.The growth of our team is clearly unlocking our sustainable growth ambitions. Our strong employer branding has enabled us to successfully hire strong talent across the world. Our team member engagement survey shows again further improvements compared to the years before  resulting in our recent “Top Employer” certification.We are making good progress in our vision of developing a strong ecosystem relying on our VIA platform as we are successfully moving from product to solution sales. Our introduction of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in XtraMotion is a revolution in the industry and it represents a major differentiator.The Axon acquisition in May 2020 has translated into our Media Infrastructure revenue growth and positively contributes to our bottom line  demonstrating our capability to execute successfully large acquisitions. We have also launched our new ERP and upgraded our VIA Portal applications such as our customer ticketing system to support our long-term growth ambitions.In line with our commitments  we continued to deliver strong dividends for our shareholders. Our sustainability strategy has started to deliver strong results aligned with our customer’s expectations  and resulting in good ESG ratings like the Ecovadis Silver medal. We completed our first carbon footprint analysis: this will be a critical management tool for taking the right sustainability decisions in the future.In conclusion  our PlayForward strategy  is clearly being appreciated by our customers and channel partners. This is helping us to get back into growth mode. While economic market conditions remain very challenging with high inflation  component shortages and with the war in Ukraine  we feel that our customers increasingly appreciate the reliability  performance and innovative edge of our solutions and services.Our ambition for the next years is to continue to deliver growth on both our top and bottomline. We are convinced that by focusing on cost control we will be able to deliver upon this promise.”Commenting on the results and the outlook  Veerle De Wit  CFO  said:“Our 2022 revenue results clearly demonstrate our ability to achieve organic growth. Even despite increased delivery terms  announced early 2022  and with a declining Big Event Rental revenue  we are able to realize a strong top line performance. All indicators lead us to conclude that this organic growth is here to stay: the revenue performance  together with the strong secured revenue position for 2023  are a solid basis to continue our growth path.Being a company in growth mode  means that the necessary resources need to be invested to support this growth: 2022 has been a year where we invested in additional resources  in new product developments  and in the back-bone of our operations. This backbone  a globally released new ERP system  has allowed us to optimize our processes and refine our cost control. As a result  the granularity of our reporting is improving  which has led to a decision to write off EUR 0 7 million of Bill of Material costs in 4Q22.Our operational expenses grew in a controlled way. Control over our spending patterns remains an attention point for 2023  especially in the current volatile market.Thanks to sound treasury management and tax benefits  we are able to generate a strong Net Profit worth EUR 31 3 million  driving a diluted Earnings Per Share of EUR 2 29.Our balance sheet also remains healthy with a very low debt level and a sound cash position. Our cash position is declining throughout 2022  as a consequence of high dividends paid  and as a consequence on increased Net Working Capital requirements. The impact on Net Working Capital is temporary: the implementation of the new ERP system has created a delay in invoicing in the fourth quarter – the quarter with the highest volume – resulting in a large volume of receivables not due at the end of 2022. This is a temporary effect  that will normalize early in 2023  as soon as the invoices become due.Based on the strong results for the year 2022  we are able to maintain our dividend policy defined earlier in 2022.”Market & customersThe record high numbers in terms of revenues  order intake and order book translate the market traction that EVS is living. Our main growth drivers are North America and Media Infrastructure. The performance of our MediaInfra solution clearly demonstrates the power of our acquisition strategy. It is the fruit of our investment in Axon in 2020  and this acquisition demonstrates its return on investment 2 years later.The high order intake is also thanks to our biggest contract signed in the history of EVS: our Big Tech 2022. This contract proved an exceptional milestone in the history of EVS. This contract is a 10-year agreement that covers the delivery of EVS’ live production  replay and highlight solutions LiveCeption®  combined with a long-term services level agreement. The contract provides our US based customer access to the latest technology innovations for the next 10 years  a full upgrade of its installed base  a predictable operational spend and an ease of operations.2022 was a year with important Big Events  that EVS was able to support successfully. New solutions  like MediaHub and MediaInfra Strada  were introduced in our Big Event Rental business with success.Market conditions have been challenging throughout the year  with volatile interest rates  inflation and a continued erratic components market. This volatile market has urged EVS to implement a systemic price increase policy. Twice a year the sales prices are evaluated based on the underlying cost for components and inflation of labour cost. EVS has introduced 2 price increases in 2022: a first one in February 2022  and a second one in September 2022. The price increase policy aims to guarantee the overall profitability of the solutions of EVS.The erratic components market also forced EVS to extend its delivery periods early 2022 and to change the supply chain approach. However  as most components suffer longer lead-times  EVS has pro-actively invested in inventory to ensure these delivery terms are met.EVS has received many awards in 2022  and this for different business dimensions. Ranging from technology awards (Neuron Protect Best of Show Award at the NAB Show)  to Wallonia International Business Awards  to IABM Environmental Sustainability award  to Top Employer Certification 2023.Three years after the PLAYForward strategic exercise that has moved the focus from products to solutions  we can confidently say that this solution driven approach is highly appreciated by our customers and contributes to the differentiation reflected in the order book.TechnologiesDuring 2022  new generation of AI products did surface on the market. EVS continues to invest in the development of specific machine learning algorithms for broadcast specific components and also integrates in parallel existing AI technologies or libraries inside the solution portfolio or the workflows deployed for our customers.EVS also further developed and evangelized this year the concept of “Balanced computing” as the best distribution of the computing workload between on-prem  datacenter and public cloud based on the economic benefits and the technical constraints for a specific workflow. This concept has been well received by the market where some players start to discover the limitations in terms of feature and the significant impact on Total Cost of Ownership for the production of premium events.EVS also currently invests in the development of important solution components that will be later embraced in the different solutions. Thanks to the capability to track the benefits brought by these components in the future  these developments are activated. These developments will contribute to the future sustainable growth of EVS.Corporate topics2022 marks the moment where the Axon acquisition really starts to pay off for EVS. The initial assumptions made in terms of greographical expansion of the market are becoming a reality. Also the developments made to ensure end-to-end integration with EVS products demonstrate the complementarity of this company within the EVS portfolio. It comforts us in our Acquisition strategy and our ability to integrate companies.One of the axes of the PLAYforward strategy is improving our internal way of working. As a company we want to ensure that we have efficient processes in place that promote end-to-end collabration across all our departments. Having an efficient operational back-bone is important in that context. In October 2022  EVS launched a new global ERP system to ensure optimimal functioning of our company. The launch was a success and did not cause any major business interruption: shipping  production and support were active as of day 1. We now have a solid base to continously optimize our processes and ensure an optimal team member and customer experience.Speaking about improved processes  2022 is also the year where we first implemented a systemic listprice adjustment. The market conditions require a clear methodology to offset the impact of rising component prices and increasing inflation over labour costs. EVS now evaluates the need for price adjustments twice a year to protect the margin generation of the company.2022 is also the year where we continue to expand our sustainability efforts in terms of ESG. After a first hollistic report published in 2021  we continue to structure our efforts in terms of sustainability. Our current ESG strategy and reporting has already received postive feedback from the market: we received a silver medal from Ecovadis  obtained encouriging score from other rating companies and recently obtained the certification of Top Employer for 2023. By the end of 2022  we also realized our first EVS Carbon Footprint analysis: it provides us not only insight on our direct and indirect CO2 emissions  but most importantly  helps us to define our roadmap to reduce our carbon footprint in the future.EVS also reinvented the way it collaborates with its channel partners. A structured channel partner program has been developed  focused on sustainable relationships with partners more than on opportunistic market responses  starting to develop certification paths and clear objectives. This program allows EVS to reach a broader set of clients and even penetrate new markets.Being a company in growth mode  EVS further invested in additional team members. Additional resources were primarily allocated to support and operations roles  as to fuel our future growth  and some research and development resources  as to staff some important developments ensuring future growth. Thanks to a strong employer branding  EVS was able to attract this high number of talents in a relatively short time frame.Also to support our future growth ambition  EVS further strengthened its leadership team  early 2022. A new CTO  Alex Redfern  was welcomed and Xavier Orri was named EVP of Projects & Operations.Revenue in 2H22 and FY22In 2H22  EVS revenue reached EUR 80 5 million: an increase of EUR 4 7 million or 6 2% compared to 2H21  despite a drop of EUR 4 2 million on Big Event Rentals.At constant currency  revenue decreased by 1.6% YoY.Revenue – EUR millions 2H22 2H21 2H22/2H21 Total reported 80 5 75 8 6 0% Total at constant currency 74 7 75 8 -1.6% Total at constant currency and excluding big event rentals 70 5 66 8 5.6%For the full year 2022  EVS revenue reached EUR 148 2 million: an increase of EUR 10 6 million or 7 7% compared to 2021  despite a drop of EUR 3 7 million on Big Event Rentals and despite an increased delivery term announced early 2022. This performance demonstrates the organic growth realized in 2022.At constant currency  revenue increased by 3 5% YoY.Revenue – EUR millions FY22 FY21 FY22/FY21 Total reported 148 158 137 578 7 7% Total at constant currency 142 382 137 578 3.5% Total at constant currency and excluding big event rentals 132 532 124 044 6.8%Currency fluctuations primarily impact EVS revenues by the EUR/USD conversion  which can have a significant impact on our results even if EUR/USD fluctuations also impact the cost of our US operations and partially our cost of goods sold.In the second half of the year  (excl. Big Event Rentals) LSP represented 40% (31% in 2H21) of the revenue  LAB 55% (57% in 2H21).Geographically  revenues (excl. Big Event Rentals) are distributed in 2H22 as follows:Europe  Middle East and Africa (EMEA): EUR 39 1 million (EUR 31 7 million in 2H21)Americas (NALA): EUR 25 9 million (EUR 21 7 million in 2H21)Asia & Pacific (APAC): EUR 11 3 million (EUR 13 4 million in 2H21)  impacted by the slowdown in the region following COVID implications (primarily in China). The order intake for APAC in 2H22 do recomfort us that this trend can be reversed.Overall 2022 resultsConsolidated gross margin was at 66 7% for FY22  compared to 69 6% in FY21 (-2 9 Pts) explained by different drivers:Important investments in the operations & support department to ensure we continue to deliver quality support all over the world  in line with our growth patterns (representing -1 4 Pts)Impact of the change in solution mix is representing -1.1 Pts following the relative weight of Media Infrastructure in the overall portfolio.Write-off worth EUR 0 7 million linked to bill of material costs  following more granuler inventory reporting thanks to optimized processes in our new ERP (-0 4 Pts)In order to maintain gross profit levels  the impact of cost price increases and inflation have been systematically modeled by corresponding sales price increases. This has resulted primarily in improved margins for our Media Infrastructure and MediaCeption solutions.Operating expenses increased by 11% YoY (remaining below the guidance provided) explained by inflation on labour cost and energy prices and post-COVID spending patterns impacting spend for travel  marketing  … EVS did also invest in additional Research & Development resources in 2022  both through internal engagements as well as external contracts. These additional resources were staffed on 2 important developments  recognized as intangible assets in 2022. The associated spend was therefore capitalised on the balance sheet.Overall EBIT performance is of EUR 31 7 million  generating an EBIT margin of 21 4%.The net profit ends at EUR 31 3 million benefiting from a strong financial income following pro-active cash flow management and low income taxes (EUR 1 4 million compared to EUR 2 8 million last year) resulting from an excess in tax paid in 2021 and various tax latencies linked to prior years.The net profit leads to a fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2 29 (versus EUR 2 57 in 2021).Overall second half 2022 resultsThe gross profit margin in 2H22 was of 65 9% compared to 70 3% in the same period last year. The drop is a consequence of lesser revenue from Big Event Rentals and a higher weight of Media Infrastructure solution in the overall mix. In addition  the impact of the hirings done in 2022 to ensure continued quality operations and support affect the comparison.Operating expenses grew 13.8% in 2H22  compared to the same period last year and are a reflection of post-COVID spending patterns and impact of inflation.The 2H22 EBIT margin was 19 8%  compared to 28 6% in 2H21: the EBIT margin is dropping primarily following investments in the past 12 months to support our growth pattern.The Group net profit amounted to EUR 15 9 million in 2H22  compared to EUR 19 3 million in 2H21. Fully diluted earnings per share amounted to EUR 1 14 in 2H22 compared to EUR 1 42 in 2H21.Team membersAt the end of 2022  EVS employed 613 team members (FTE). This is an increase by 62 team members compared to the end of 2021 (551 FTE). This increase in team members reflects our continued investments in the growth of EVS. We expect no further growth of our team member base in 2023  and we will ensure that we balance the priorities of EVS with the existing workforce.Balance sheet and cash flow statementEVS continues to have a strong balance sheet with net cash position of EUR 33 8 million with low debt level (of which EUR 12 5 million related to IFRS 16) resulting in a total equity representing 75 4% of the total balance sheet as of the end of 2022. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents (EUR -23 1 million) compared to end of 2021 is mainly driven by the dividends paid in May and November (including exceptional additional dividend)  combined with the increase in working capital requirements at the end of 2022.The working capital requirements are growing  primarily linked to growing trade receivables. The trade receivables evolve largely in line with our overall sales volumes. 71% of our trade receivables is not due at year-end  with a large volume of invoices issued in the second half of the fourth quarter  given a temporary hold of invoicing operations after the Go-Live of our new ERP system. We expect these trade receivales to restore in 1Q23. A sound cash position remains a priority for EVS.Other intangible assets include the costs for internal development capitalized during 2022 according to IAS 38 (Intangible assets).Lands and building mainly include the headquarters in Liège as well as the right of use for the offices abroad (IFRS16).Inventories amount to EUR 28 8 million  an increase of EUR 2 8 million compared to the beginning of the year as a reflection of a pro-active supply chain management to ensure we systematically meet our customers’ delivery terms.Liabilities include EUR 15 3 million of financial debt (including long term and short-term portion)  mainly related to the lease liabilities for EUR 12 5 million and borrowings for EUR 2 8 million. Long-term provisions include the provision for technical warranty on EVS products for labor and parts. Other amounts payable mainly represent deferred income and advance payments received from customers on contracts in progress.Net cash from operating activities amounts to EUR 11 0 million for the full year 2022  compared to EUR 38 7 million in 2021. The decrease is mainly driven by higher working capital requirements resulting from higher trade receivables (as described above) and lower trade payables  combined with lower net profit. On December 31  2022  cash and cash equivalents total EUR 49 1 million  compared to EUR 72 1 million at the end of 2021. The decrease is mainly driven by lower cash from operating activities  combined with the increase of the net cash used in investing activities mainly due to the investments in intangible and tangible assets (specifically in the internal development of intangible assets) together with the increase of the net cash used in financing activities following the higher amount of dividends distributed during 2022  including the exceptional dividend.At the end of December 2022  there were 14.327.024 EVS shares outstanding  of which 908.014 were owned by the company. At the same date  492.975 warrants were outstanding with average exercise price of EUR 16 95 and maturities between October 2026 and September 2028.Corporate updateThere has been no further change to the composition of the Board of Directors since the last General Assembly on May 17th during which the shareholders had appointed two new directors  Frédéric Vincent and Marco Miserez  both for a period of 4 years. The Board of Directors is currently composed of seven directors:Johan Deschuyffeleer   independent director & President (representing The House of Value BVBA);Michel Counson   managing director;Martin De Prycker   independent director (representing InnoConsult BVBA);Chantal De Vrieze   independent director (representing 7 Capital SRL);Frédéric Vincent   independent director;Marco Miserez   independent director; andAnne Cambier  independent director (representing Accompany You SRL)GlossaryTerm Definition Secured revenue Revenue already recognized as well as open orders on hand that will be recognized as revenue in the fiscal year Order book <date> Revenues planned to be recognized after the <date> based on current orders. LAB market pillar LAB – Live Audience BusinessRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to create content for their own purposeThis market pillar covers the following types of customers: Broadcasters  Stadium  House of Worship  Corporate Media Centers  Sports organizations  Government & institutions  University & Colleges LSP market pillar LSP – Live Service ProvidersRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to serve “LAB customers”This market pillar covers the following types of customers: Rental & facilities companies  Production companies  Freelance operators  Technology partners & system integrators buying for their own purpose BER market pillar BER – Big Event RentalRevenue from major non-yearly big event rental.This market pillar covers the following types of customers: host broadcasters for major events.In case of discrepancies between the English and the French Version  the English Version prevails.Conference callEVS will hold a conference call in English today at 3.30 pm CET for financial analysts and institutional investors. Other interested parties may join the call in a listen-only mode. The presentation used during the conference call will be available shortly before the call on the EVS website.Participants must register for the conference using the link provided below. Upon registering  each participant will be provided with Participant Dial In Numbers  Direct Event Passcode and unique Registrant ID.1. Online registration: https://register.vevent.com/register/BIe156e14a79604a6984c8fb06a38e3c272. Webcast Player URL: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/yzt4d6v8Corporate CalendarMay 16th  2023: General AssemblyMay 17th  2023: Q1 2023 Trading updateAugust 18th  2023: H1 2023 resultsNovember 17th  2023: Q3 2023 Trading updateFor more information  please contact:VEERLE DE WITEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 00 | E-mail: corpcom@evs.com | Website: www.evs.comForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About EVSEVS is globally recognized as leader in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Our passion and purpose are to help our clients craft immersive stories that trigger the best return on emotion. Through a wide range of products and solutions  we deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news content to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time.The company is headquartered in Belgium with around 620 employees in offices in Europe  the Middle East  Asia and North America  and provides sales and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Condensed Interim Consolidated financial informationANNEX 1: condensed consolidated income statement(EUR thousands) Notes FY22 FY21 2H22 2H21 Revenue 5.3 148.158 137.578 80.486 75.799 Cost of sales -49.314 -41.764 -27.473 -22.543 Gross profit 98.844 95.814 53.013 53.256 Gross margin % 66 7% 69 6% 65 9% 70 3% Selling and administrative expenses -39.815 -32.392 -22.532 -17.555 Research and development expenses -26.267 -27.088 -14.368 -14.867 Other income 200 1.108 150 1.057 Other expenses -607 -114 -121 -71 Profit-sharing plan and warrants -643 -232 -169 -107 Operating profit (EBIT) 31.712 37.096 15.973 21.713 Operating margin (EBIT) % 21 4% 27 0% 19 8% 28 6% Interest revenue on loans and deposits 106 51 76 -17 Interest charges -912 -893 -439 -446 Other net financial income / (expenses) 5.6 1.793 1.254 -146 932 Share in the result of the enterprise accounted for using the equity method 67 193 -10 -20 Profit before taxes (PBT) 32.766 37.701 15.454 22.162 Income taxes 5.7 -1.422 -2.797 442 -2.853 Net profit 31.344 34.904 15.896 19.309 Attributable to : Non-controlling interest - - - - Share of the Group 31.344 34.904 15.896 19.309 EARNINGS PER SHARE (in number of shares and in EUR) FY22 FY21 2H22 2H21 Weighted average number of subscribed shares for the period less treasury shares 13.411.972 13.400.624 13.419.010 13.401.884 Weighted average fully diluted number of shares 13.681.084 13.587.624 13.768.895 13.588.884 Basic earnings – share of the Group 2 34 2 60 1 19 1 44 Fully diluted earnings – share of the Group (1) 2 29 2 57 1 14 1 42 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 2H22 2H21 Net profit 31.344 34.904 15.896 19.309 Other comprehensive income of the period Currency translation differences 324 475 -231 276 Total of recyclable elements 324 475 -231 276 Difference on opening 460 - 460 - Gains / (losses) on remeasurement of defined benefit obligations  net of tax 1.373 -412 440 -412 Total of non-recyclable elements  net of tax 1.833 -412 900 -412 Total other comprehensive income of the period  net of tax 2.157 63 669 -136 Total comprehensive income for the period 33.501 34.967 16.565 19.173 Attributable to : Non controlling interest - - - - Share of the Group 33.501 34.967 16.565 19.173(1) The diluted earnings per share does include:187.000 warrants attributed in October 2020  of which 154.250 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with maturity in October 2026; 158.600 warrants attributed in June 2021  of which 155.350 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with maturity in June 2027; and 183.375 warrants attributed in September 2022  all outstanding and with a maturity in September 2028.ANNEX 2: condensed statement of financial position (balance sheet)ASSETS(EUR thousands) Notes Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2021 Non-current assets: Goodwill 2.832 2.832 Other intangible assets 5.10 13.215 6.113 Lands and buildings 5.11 50.543 52.673 Other tangible assets 5.11 4.691 4.307 Investment accounted for using equity method 1.922 1.920 Other amounts receivables 3.647 2.408 Deferred tax assets 4.622 5.933 Financial assets 512 404 Total non-current assets 81.984 76.590 Current assets: Inventories 28.786 25.951 Trade receivables 61.655 38.924 Other amounts receivable  deferred charges and accrued income 11.566 6.417 Financial assets 174 201 Cash and cash equivalents 49.051 72.144 Total current assets 151.232 143.637 Total assets 233.216 220.227EQUITY AND LIABILITIES(EUR thousands) Notes Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2021 Equity: Capital 8.772 8.772 Reserves 183.390 170.570 Treasury shares -17.447 -17.776 Total consolidated reserves 165.943 152.794 Translation differences 1.075 751 Equity  attributable to the owners of the parent 175.790 162.317 Non-controlling interest - - Total equity 5.4 175.790 162.317 Provisions 1.637 1.502 Deferred taxes liabilities 10 11 Financial debts 5.12 11.528 13.554 Other debts 5.13 120 1.825 Non-current liabilities 13.295 16.892 Financial debts 5.12 3.750 3.728 Trade payables 9.207 10.497 Amounts payable regarding remuneration and social security 11.219 10.658 Income tax payable 1.959 2.586 Other amounts payable  advances received  accrued charges and deferred income 5.6 17.996 13.549 Current liabilities 44.131 41.018 Total equity and liabilities 233.216 220.227ANNEX 3: condensed statement of cash flows(EUR thousands) Notes FY22 FY21 Cash flows from operating activities Net profit  share of the Group 31.344 34.904 Adjustment for: - Depreciation and write-offs on fixed assets 6.738 7.015 - Profit-sharing plan and warrants 5.4 642 232 - Provisions 212 417 - Income tax expense (+) / Income (-) 1.422 2.797 - Net financial expense (+) / income (-) -987 -412 - Share of the result of entities accounted for under the equity method -67 -193 Adjustment for changes in working capital items: - Inventories -2.834 -3.372 - Trade receivables -23.970 -10.061 - Other amounts receivable  deferred charges and accrued income -3.889 -430 - Trade payables -1.290 4.722 - Amounts payable regarding remuneration and social security 541 3.653 - Other amounts payable  advances received  accrued charges  and deferred income 4.776 -263 - Conversion differences 803 813 Cash generated from operations 13.441 39.822 Income taxes received / (paid) 5.7 -2.469 -1.112 Net cash from operating activities 10.972 38.710 Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of intangible assets -8.770 -234 Purchase of tangible assets (lands and building and other tangible assets) -1.101 -1.357 Other financial assets -102 3 Net cash used in investing activities -9.973 -1.588 Cash flows from financing activities Reimbursement of borrowings 5.12 -1.095 -1.086 Payment of lease liabilities -2.828 -3.417 Interests paid -688 -566 Interests received 75 13 Dividend received from investee 64 - Dividend paid -20.112 -13.400 Net cash used in financing activities -24.584 -18.456 Net increase / decrease in cash and cash equivalents -23.585 18.666 Net foreign exchange difference 492 810 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 72.144 52.668 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 49.051 72.144ANNEX 4: condensed statement of change in equity(EUR thousands) Capital Reserves Treasury shares Currency translation differences Equity share of the Group Non-controlling interest Total equity Balance as per January 1  2021 8.772 149.309 -17.835 276 140.522 - 140.522 Profit or loss 34.904 34.904 34.904 Other comprehensive income -412 475 63 63 Total comprehensive income for the period 34.492 475 34.967 34.967 Share-based payments 232 232 232 Operations with treasury shares 59 59 59 Final dividend -6.699 -6.699 -6.699 Interim dividend -6.701 -6.701 -6.701 Other allocation -63 -63 -63 Balance as per December 31  2021 8.772 170.570 -17.776 751 162.317 - 162.317(EUR thousands) Capital Reserves Treasury shares Currency translation differences Equity share of the Group Non-controlling interest Total equity Balance as per January 1  2022 8.772 170.570 -17.776 751 162.317 - 162.317 Profit or loss 31.344 31.344 31.344 Other comprehensive income 1.833 324 2.157 2.157 Total comprehensive income for the period 33.117 324 33.501 33.501 Share-based payments 581 581 581 Operations with treasury shares -329 329 - - Final dividend -13.402 -13.402 -13.402 Interim dividend -6.710 -6.710 -6.710 Other allocation -497 -497 -497 Balance as per December 31  2022 8.772 183.390 -17.447 1.075 175.790 - 175.790ANNEX 5: notes to the consolidated financial statementsNOTE 5.1: BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSThe consolidated financial statements of EVS Group for the 12 month-period ended December 31  2022  are established and presented in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  as adopted for use in the European Union. The accounting framework and standards adopted by the European Commission can be accessed through the following link on the website: http://ec.europa.eu/finance/company-reporting/index_en.htm.The condensed interim financial statements of the Group for the 12 month-period ending December 31  2022  were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on February 16  2023. This interim report only provides an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes in financial position and reporting since the last annual reporting period and should therefore be read in conjunction with the full 2022 consolidated financial statements from which these condensed financial statements have been derived and which are planned to be published on EVS Group’s website by April 14  2023. The interim condensed financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.NOTE 5.2.1: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND METHODSThese condensed interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting  as issued by the IASB  and as adopted by the EU. The accounting policies and methods adopted for the preparation of the company's IFRS consolidated financial statements are consistent with those applied in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. The company’s IFRS accounting policies and methods are available in the 2021 annual report on www.evs.com  except for the accounting policy on intangible assets which include the capitalization of development cost for the first time (see note 5.10) as well as the new  amended or revised IFRS standards and IFRIC Interpretations that have been in effect since January 1  2022. The adoption of these new  amended or revised pronouncements did not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.NOTE 5.2.2: JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATESImpacts of current market volatility and macroeconomic developmentsThe impacts of the current market volatility and macroeconomic developments were taken into account by the company to assess potential effects on EVS’s financial performance and the valuation of its assets and liabilities. In particular  key assumptions used in the calculation of the pension obligations have been reviewed to ensure a proper valuation as per 31 December 2022. Also  the key assumptions that are used for estimating the recoverable amounts of cash generating units in the context of goodwill impairment test reflect latest market conditions for interest rates and weighted average cost of capitalEstimation of useful life and residual valueProperty  Plant and Equipment are depreciated using a straight-line method to allocate their depreciable amount on a systematic basis over their useful life. For the headquarter building in Liège  the depreciable amount is the cost less its estimated residual value. Useful life and residual value of an asset is estimated on a realistic basis based on the experience of the Group with similar assets and reviewed on a regular basis. The effect of changes in useful life are recognized prospectively.Functional currency of the Group entitiesThe individual financial statements of each subsidiary are prepared in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. When the factors set out by IAS 21 to determine the functional currency are mixed and the functional currency is not obvious  management judgment is used to determine which functional currency most faithfully represents the economic effects of its underlying transactions  events and conditions. The functional currency of the EVS Group entities is EUR except for the US entity EVS Inc. for which US Dollar is assessed by management to be the functional currency.Claims and contingent liabilitiesRelated to claims and contingencies  judgement is necessary in assessing the existence of an obligation resulting from a past event  in assessing the probability of an economic outflow  and in quantifying the probable outcome of economic resources. This judgment is reviewed when new information becomes available and often with support of internal and external expert advice.Impact of the war in Ukraine on our activitiesGiven the nature and location of its operations and the fact that EVS does not currently have activities in Russia nor in Ukraine or with Russian companies  The Company does not foresee a direct impact of the Ukrainian conflict on its business.NOTE 5.3: SEGMENT REPORTINGFrom an operational point of view  the company is vertically integrated with the majority of its staff located in the headquarters in Belgium  including the R&D  production  marketing and administration departments. Therefore the majority of investments and costs are located at the level of the Belgian parent company. Resources securing the customer facing interactions such as sales  operations and support profiles are primarily hired within the respective regions. The foreign subsidiaries are primarily sales and representative offices. The Chief Operating Decision Maker  being the Executive Committee  reviews the operating results  operating plans  and makes resource allocation decisions on a company-wide basis. Revenue related to products of the same nature (digital broadcast production equipment) are realized by commercial polyvalent teams. The company’s internal reporting is the reflection of the above-mentioned operational organization and is characterized by the strong integration of the activities of the company.By consequence  the company is composed of one segment according to the IFRS 8 definition  and the consolidated income statement of the Group reflects this unique segment. All long-term assets are located in the parent company EVS Broadcast Equipment SA in Belgium.The company provides one class of business defined as solutions based on tapeless workflows with a consistent modular architecture. There are no other significant classes of business  either singularly or in aggregate. Identical modules can meet the needs of different markets  and our customers themselves are often multi-markets. Providing information for each module is therefore not relevant for EVS.At the geographical level  our activities are divided into the following regions: Asia-Pacific (“APAC”)  Europe  Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)  and America (“NALA”). This division follows the organization of the commercial and support services within the Group  which operates worldwide. A fourth region is dedicated to the worldwide events (“big event rentals”).The company provides additional information with a presentation of the revenue by market pillar: “Live Service provider”  “Live Audience Business” and “Big Event Rentals” for rental contracts relating to the big sporting events.Finally  sales are presented by nature: systems and services.5.3.1. INFORMATION ON REVENUE BY DESTINATIONRevenue can be presented by Market Pillar: “Live Service provider”  “Live Audience Business” and “Big event rentals”. Maintenance and after sale service are included in the complete solution proposed to the clients.Revenue (EUR thousands) 2H22 2H21 % 2H22/2H21 Live Audience Business 45.147 42.986 5 0% Live Service Provider 31.151 23.888 30 4% Big event rentals 4.187 9.021 -53 6% Total Revenue 80.486 75.894 6 0%Revenue (EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 % FY22/FY21 Live Audience Business 71.438 72.259 -1 1% Live Service Provider 66.869 51.785 29 1% Big event rentals 9.850 13.534 -27 2% Total Revenue 148.158 137.578 7 7%5.3.2. INFORMATION ON REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREAActivities are divided in three regions: Asia-Pacific (“APAC”)  Europe  Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)  and “Americas”. Aside of them  we also identify the “big event rentals”.Revenue for the YTD period (EUR thousands) APACexcl. events EMEAexcl. events Americasexcl. events Big eventrentals TOTAL 2H22 revenue 11.278 39.107 25.914 4.187 80.486 Evolution versus 2H21 (%) -15 8% 23 4% 19 4% -53 9% 6 0% Variation versus 2H21 (%) at constant currency -15 8% 23 4% -7 2% -53 9% -1 6% 2H21 revenue 13.401 31.696 21.706 9.021 75.894Revenue for the YTD period (EUR thousands) APACexcl. events EMEAexcl. events Americasexcl. events Big eventrentals TOTAL FY22 revenue 18.952 67.764 51.592 9.850 148.158 Evolution versus FY21 (%) -17 9% 6 8% 37 6% -27 2% 7 7% Variation versus FY21 (%) at constant currency -17 9% 6 8% 22 2% -27 2% 3 5% FY21 revenue 23.077 63.468 37.499 13.534 137.578Revenue realized in Belgium (the country of origin of the company) with external clients represent less than 5% of the total revenue for the period. In the last 12 months  the Group realized significant revenue with external clients (according to the definition of IFRS 8) in one country: The United States (Americas)  EUR 38 1 million in the last 12 months.5.3.3. INFORMATION ON REVENUE BY NATURERevenue can be presented by nature: systems and services.Revenue (EUR thousands) 2H22 2H21 % 2H22/2H21 Sale of Equipment 64.226 58.524 10 3% Other services 16.259 17.610 -7 7% Total Revenue 80.486 75.894 6 0%Revenue (EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 % FY22/FY21 Sale of Equipment 118.015 106.416 10 9% Other services 30.142 31.162 -3 3% Total Revenue 148.158 137.578 7 7%Other services include the advice  installations  project management  rentals  training  maintenance  and distant support. Work in progress (“WIP”) contracts are included in both categories.5.3.4. INFORMATION ON IMPORTANT CLIENTSOver the last 12 months  no external client of the company represented more than 10% of the revenue (similar in 2021).NOTE 5.4: EQUITY SECURITIESThe variance in number of treasury shares and outstanding warrants in the period is as follows:2022 2021 Number of own shares at January 1 925.140 928.207 Acquisition of own shares on the market - - Sale of own shares on the market - - Allocation to Employees Profit Sharing Plans -17.126 -3.067 Sale related to Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) and other transactions - - Number of own shares at December 31 908.014 925.140 Outstanding warrants at December 31 492.975 456.432In 2022  the Group did not repurchase own shares on the stock market. No shares were used to satisfy the exercise of warrants by employees.The Ordinary General Meeting of shareholders of May 17  2022 approved the allocation of 17.126 shares to EVS employees (grant of 56 shares to each staff member in proportion to their effective or assimilated time of occupation in 2021) as a reward for their contribution to the Group successes. The expense recorded in the consolidated income statement amounts to EUR 329k in 2022.NOTE 5.5: DIVIDENDSThe Ordinary General Meeting of May 17  2022  approved the payment of a total gross dividend of EUR 1.50 per share for the year 2021  which includes EUR 0.50 per share exceptional dividend to honor past commitments on dividend payout.For the year 2022  an interim dividend of EUR 0.50 per share was paid in November 2022. Full year dividend of EUR 1 60 per share will be proposed to the Ordinary General Meeting of shareholders  which also includes EUR 0.50 per share exceptional dividend to honor past commitments on dividend payout.(EUR thousands  gross) # Coupon Declaration date 2022 2021 - Final dividend for 2020(EUR 0 50 per share excl. treasury shares) 30 May 2021 - 6.699 - Interim dividend for 2021(EUR 0 50 per share excl. treasury shares) 31 Nov. 2021 - 6.701 - Final dividend for 2021 (incl. exceptional dividend)(EUR 1 00 per share excl. treasury shares) 32 May 2022 13.402 - Interim dividend for 2022(EUR 0 50 per share excl. treasury shares) 33 Nov. 2022 6.710 Total paid dividends 20.112 13.400A new dividend guidance for upcoming years has been issued early 2022 and is as follows*:In € per share per fiscal year 2022 2023 2024 Base dividend 1 10 1 10 1 10 Exceptional additional dividend 0 50 0 00 0 00 Total dividend 1 60 1 10 1 10*subject to market conditions and to the approval of the Ordinary General Meeting of ShareholdersNOTE 5.6: OTHER NET FINANCIAL INCOME / (EXPENSES)(EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 - Exchange results 1.393 1.117 - Fair value variation of financial instruments 324 -7 - Other financial results 76 144 Other net financial income / (expenses) 1.793 1.254The functional currency of EVS Broadcast Equipment SA as well as all subsidiaries is the Euro  except for EVS Inc. subsidiary in the USA whose functional currency is the US dollar. Entity Axon Digital Design LTD. in the UK changed functional currency from GBP to EUR starting as of July 1st 2022  following updated Management assesment driven by new implementation of EUR invoicing at the affiliate. The presentation currency of the consolidated financial statements of EVS Group is the Euro. For more information on exchange rates  see also the note 5.9. The favourable exchange result is mainly explained by the appreciation of USD vs. EUR in the period.The estimated fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are equal to their fair book values in the balance sheet.Since 2022  EVS systematically measures the Group’s anticipated exposure to transactional exchange risk  mainly relating to the EUR/USD risk. Given the Group has a long position in USD and based on revenue forecasts  EVS hedges future USD net inflows through forward or option foreign exchange contracts. The change in the fair value of the foreign exchange contracts is recorded directly to the income statement since the Group does not apply hedge accounting on these transactions. The valuation techniques used are mainly based on spot rates  forward rates and interest rate curves.On December 31  2022  the Group holds EUR/USD FX forward and option contracts for a total notional amount of USD 34 0 million with monthly maturities between January 2023 and June 2024. The fair value of those financial instruments on December 31  2022 amounts to EUR 0 3 million.NOTE 5.7: INCOME TAX EXPENSE(EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 - Current tax expense -569 -1.245 - Deferred tax expense -853 -1.552 Income tax expense -1.422 -2.797Income tax expense amounts to EUR 1 4 million for the full year 2022  compared to EUR 2 8 million in 2021. The decrease is mainly explained by lower taxable profit  tax relief of EUR 0 6 million received in December 2022 and decrease of the deferred tax expenses due to lower consumption of recoverable tax latencies (EUR 1 2 million in 2022 compared to 8 6 million in 2021).The effective tax rate for the period ended on December 31  2022 is 4 3%  compared to 7 5% in 2021.NOTE 5.8: HEADCOUNT(in full time equivalents) At December 31 2022 613 2021 551 Variation +62NOTE 5.9: EXCHANGE RATESThe main exchange rates that influence the consolidated financial accounts are USD/EUR and GBP/EUR which were considered as follows:Exchange rate USD/EUR Average FY At December 31 2022 1 0537 1 0666 2021 1 1830 1 1326 Variation -10 9% -5 8%Exchange rate GBP/EUR Average FY At December 31 2022 0 8527 0 8869 2021 0 8599 0 8403 Variation -0 7% 5 5%NOTE 5.10: INTANGIBLE ASSETSDuring 2022  intangible assets increased by EUR 7 1 million due to capitalization of internal development costs of EUR 8 4 million less depreciations of EUR 1 3 million.The capitalized costs during 2022 include mainly the internal personnel costs and external consultants’ costs. These costs are only related to the development phase of 2 important projects that should secure future growth for EVS.At the beginning of the period  the Group identified internal development projects  that for the first time of EVS Broadcast Equipment’s history fulfilled all the conditions to be capitalized according to IAS 38 Intangible assets. This ability arises after the implementation of extensive business cases  where R&D together with the solutions and sales departments perform an end-to-end exercise whereby objectives  costs  market analysis and return are clearly identified.These internal development projects consist of software that will be commercialized at the end of the development period (expected return on investment is scheduled for 2024). These 2 projects complement the PLAYForward strategy of the Group. The progress of these internal developments is monitored frequently as to ensure the future economic benefit remains assured.We refer to H1 2022 press release for the update of the accounting policy 2.11 related to the intagible assets applicable as of fiscal year 2022 and that replaces the accounting policy disclosed in 2021 annual report.NOTE 5.11: TANGIBLE ASSETSThe decrease of lands and buildings of EUR -2 1 million during 2022 is mainly explained by the depreciation of the period partially offset by investments in progress of EUR 0 5 million. The increase in other tangible assets of EUR 0 4 million is mainly driven by investments in office and IT equipment of EUR 1 1 million  net of the depreciation of the year of EUR 0 7 million.NOTE 5.12: FINANCIAL LIABILITIES(EUR thousands) 2022 2021 Long term financial debts Bank loans 1.675 2.779 Long term lease liabilities 9.853 10.775 Amount due within 12 months (shown under current liabilities) Bank loans 1.105 1.095 Short term lease liabilities 2.645 2.633 Total financial debt (short and long-term) 15.278 17.282 The total financial debt is repayable as follows: - within one year 3.750 3.728 - after one year but no more than five 8.676 9.673 - more than five years 2.852 3.881In June 2020  a loan of EUR 5 5 million was put in place with BNP Paribas Fortis to partially finance the acquisition of Axon. The repayment schedule foresees first repayment of EUR 0 6 million in 2020 and annual installments of EUR 1 1 million between 2021 and 2024  with final repayment of EUR 0 6 million in 2025 at loan maturity.For full year 2022  lease liabilities variation includes repayment of EUR 2 5 million  excluding interest of EUR 0 4 million.In June 2020  a roll over credit line of EUR 5 0 million was put in place with Belfius bank to partially finance the acquisition of Axon. This amortizing credit line will end at the latest on 30/06/2025. As of this date  EVS has not used this credit facility.NOTE 5.13: OTHER LIABILITIES - PENSIONOther long-term liabilities mainly correspond to pension obligations. Changes recorded in 2022 in the Belgian pension defined benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets were as follows:(EUR thousands) 2022 2021 Defined benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets Net defined benefit liability Defined benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets Net defined benefit liability As of January 1 10.587 -8.762 1.825 8.670 -7.686 984 Service cost 1.156 1.156 1.398 1.398 Administrative costs 28 28 18 18 Net interest expenses 120 -106 14 41 -38 3 Sub-total included in profit or loss 1.276 -78 1.198 1.439 -20 1.419 Benefits paid -179 179 0 -141 141 0 Return on plan assets -153 -153 -106 -106 Actuarial changes (assumptions) of which: Arising from changes in demographic assumptions 235 235 0 Arising from changes in financial assumptions -1.349 -1.349 -1.172 -1.172 Arising from experience adjustments -367 -350 -717 1.791 -69 1.722 Sub-total included in OCI -1.481 -350 -1.831 619 -69 550 Contributions by employer -1.078 -1.078 -1.128 -1.128 As of December 31 10.203 -10.089 114 10.587 -8.762 1.825The decrease in the net defined benefit liability of EUR -1 7 million is mainly driven by actuarial changes included in OCI arising from changes in financial assumptions of EUR -1 3 million (mainly increase in discount rate from 1 15% to 3 80%) and from experience adjustments of EUR -0 7 million  combined with employer contributions in the period of EUR -1 1 million and partially offset by service cost recorded in income statement of EUR 1 2 million.The main assumptions used for the actuarial valuation are as follows:Salary increase for financial year 2022 of 14 5% (5 7% in 2021)Discount rate p.a. of 3 8% (1 15% in 2021)Long term salary increase (inflation included) p.a. of 2 4% (2 1% in 2021)NOTE 5.14: FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICIESThe Group enters into derivative transactions  principally forward and option currency contracts  with the purpose to secure its sales and purchases in foreign currencies against negative variations of these currencies. The Group has transactional currency exposure arising from sales or purchases by operating entities in currencies other than the Group’s functional currency. Foreign currency risk is described in note 5.14.1.The Group’s main financial instruments  other than derivatives  comprise bank loans  finance leases  cash and short-term deposits. The purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has other financial instruments such as trade debtors and trade creditors  which arise directly from its operations. The Group’s policy is  and has always been  that no trading in financial instruments shall be undertaken. Credit risk is described in note 5.14.2.5.14.1 FOREIGN CURRENCY RISKSince 2022  EVS systematically measures the Group’s anticipated exposure to transactional exchange risk over six to eighteen months. In its current structure  the Group’s exposure is mainly linked to the EUR/USD risk. The Group invoices all clients in Euro  except in the United States where invoices are denominated in USD. Since the majority of operating expenses are denominated in Euro  the Group has a long position in USD  i.e. all of the Group’s activities generate globally a positive net cash flow in USD.On the basis of the forecasts and according to the market conditions  the Group hedges a portion of the exchange rate risk on estimated net future flows  mainly through foreign exchange forward and option contracts. EVS does not apply hedge accounting according to IAS 39 for those transactions.Foreign exchange contracts are revalued at each closing date at their market value. The generated exchange rate profit or loss is recorded in the “Other net financial income/(charges)” account in the consolidated income statement. The valuation techniques used are mainly based on spot rates  forward rates and interest rate curves. Details of fair value at closing date are presented in note 5.6.5.14.2 CREDIT RISKCredit exposure is controlled and reviewed regularly by the management.Trade receivables consist of a large number of customers  spread across many geographical areas. The evolution of the credit risk is monitored permanently. As of December 31  2022  it is assumed that the carrying amounts of those trade receivables are the most appropriate estimate to the fair value of those assets.The credit risk on financial instruments is contained as it is spread over a selection of different counterparties which are financial institutions with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies.As of December 31  2022  the maximum amount the Group could have to pay if guarantees are called on is EUR 0 8 million (similar to EUR 0 8 million in December 2021).NOTE 5.15: SUBSEQUENT EVENTSThere are no subsequent events that may have a material impact on the condensed financial statements of the Group.NOTE 5.16: RISK AND UNCERTAINTIESInvesting in the stock of EVS involves risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties relating to the current year are similar to the risks and uncertainties that have been identified by the management of the company and that are listed in the management report of the annual report (available at www.evs.com).In terms of new risks arising since the last annual report we highlight the macro-economic environment that drives energy prices  components prices and labour cost to higher levels. EVS closely monitors the developments in this area and pro-actively takes actions to keep these rising costs under control or to minimize their effect on the profitability of the company. We also reiterate the potential impacts following the war in Ukraine. The company continues to comply with the sanction screening in vigor.Certification of responsible personsSerge Van Herck  CEO*Veerle De Wit  CFO*Certify that  based on their knowledge a) the condensed financial statements  prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the European Union  fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer and the companies included in the consolidation b) the Directors’ report fairly presents the important events and related parties transactions of 2022  including their impact on the condensed financial statements  and a description of the existing risks and uncertainties for the remaining months of the fiscal year.* acting on behalf of a BVExternal AuditorThe condensed consolidated financial statements of EVS Broadcast SA for the year ending December 31  2022 were authorized of issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors on February 16  2023. EY réviseurs d’Entreprises represented by Carlo-Sébastien d’Addario has confirmed that their audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material adjustments which would have to be made to the accounting information included in this press release. The complete audit report related to the audit of the consolidated financial statements will be shown in 2022 annual report that will be published in April 2023.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.16,0.18,True,English,"['EVS REPORTS 2022 RESULTS', '2H21 Variance FY22 FY21 Variance Revenue', 'Big Event Rental (BER) activity', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.', 'recent “Top Employer” certification', 'Live Service Providers markets', 'Comments Serge Van Herck', 'Big Event Rental revenue', 'team member engagement survey', 'strong financial income performance', 'Media Infrastructure revenue growth', 'strong net profit result', 'Live Audience Business', 'live TV production', 'Big Tech 2022 contract', 'Big Tech 22 contract', 'strong employer branding', 'capital expenditure envelope', 'team member size', 'The Axon acquisition', 'customer ticketing system', 'historical revenue number', 'major sports events', 'VIA Portal applications', 'record-high order intake', 'important order intake', 'Healthy net profit', 'current market dynamics', 'Record order intake', 'expected growth momentum', 'total order book', 'sustainable growth ambitions', 'long-term growth ambitions', 'order intake results', 'second record year', 'FY22 Highlights', 'record revenue', 'Revenue performance', 'CEO comments', 'strong growth', 'revenue guidance', 'revenue range', 'strong talent', 'strong ecosystem', 'topline performance', 'largest contract', 'second half', 'team members', '10,6 Gross profit', 'Operating profit', 'VIA platform', 'major differentiator', 'market opening', 'OPEX growth', 'organic growth', 'growth engine', 'profitable growth', 'significant growth', 'Regulated information', 'Press release', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Liège', 'delivery terms', 'North America', 'MediaInfra solution', 'one-off benefit', '2H22 Highlights', 'same period', 'future periods', 'base dividend', 'Key figures', 'Operating margin', 'PlayForward strategy', 'component shortages', 'Middle East', 'good progress', 'solution sales', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'large acquisitions', 'new ERP', 'annual results', 'market expectations', 'market share', 'last year', 'successful year', 'EVS BB', 'Group share', 'solid Earnings', 'bottom line', '2022 results', 'Publication', 'February', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'fundamentals', 'consequence', 'taxes', 'Outlook', 'beginning', 'focus', 'increase', 'dividends', 'policy', 'Story', 'EBIT', 'EPS', 'revenues', 'August', 'inflation', 'position', 'customers', 'Asia', 'world', 'improvements', 'years', 'vision', 'introduction', 'XtraMotion', 'revolution', 'industry', 'May', 'capability', 'commitments']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18710,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lytix-biopharma-presents-fourth-quarter-073500927.html,Lytix Biopharma presents fourth quarter and second half 2022 results,"Lytix Biopharma (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company  today releases its fourth quarter and second half 2022 results ...","OSLO  Norway  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company  today releases its fourth quarter and second half 2022 results - Steady progress towards improving cancer treatment outcomes.""Our molecules have a unique dual mode of action and can kill cancer cells in a way that activates a broad T-cell response that has the potential to target all cancer cells within heterogeneous tumors and thereby increase the number of patients responding to immunotherapy. We have seen very promising effects in cancer patients and are now eagerly looking forward to receiving the results from the clinical Phase II studies with our lead candidate""  says Dr. Øystein Rekdal  CEO of Lytix Biopharma.Highlights from the fourth quarter and second half 2022 and post period events:Business and Partnership:Verrica Pharmaceuticals recently completed treatment in Part 1 of their ongoing Phase II study evaluating LTX-315 in basal cell carcinoma. Part 1 has enrolled 10 patients and demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile with no reported serious adverse events. Patients receiving the higher range of dosing experienced a consistent response of clinical tumor necrosis.Lytix Biopharma appointed Stephen Worsley as Chief Business Officer as part of the company's strong focus on exploring commercial opportunities for its drug candidates. Stephen brings a great track record of successful deals in oncology on assets in development and is now introducing Lytix' assets to key opinion leaders and companies within the industry.R&D:Following approval of the clinical trial application (CTA) for ATLAS-IT-05 in Europe in Q3 2022  the Phase II study in the US has expanded to an additional three European countries; Norway  France and Spain. All sites are open and recruiting patients with the aim of completing enrollment by mid-2023.Activities are ongoing to prepare for a regulatory submission  which is required to start a Phase I study with LTX-401.The Clinical Study Report for ATLAS-IT-04 has been completed. ATLAS-IT-04 showed encouraging data demonstrating that LTX-315 improved the outcome of adoptive cell transfer treatment  stabilizing the disease in patients with progressive metastatic soft tissue sarcoma.Compelling data from Lytix' collaboration with research groups at National Cancer Institute and Weill Cornell Medicine were presented at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Annual Meeting.Story continuesFinancial:Total operating expenses for the six months that ended 31 December 2022 was NOK 46.4 million compared to NOK 37.8 million in the same period in 2021. Compared to the six months ending 31 December 2021  there has been an increase in activities in connection to the ongoing ATLAS-IT-05 trial in the US and EU and the preclinical development of LTX-401. The important expansion of ATLAS-IT-05 to the EU has been driving costs during this period. In parallel  personnel expenses have decreased.Cash position at the end of the period was NOK 94.6 million compared to NOK 197.3 million as of 31 December 2021. In addition to the cash position  Lytix has NOK 50.6 million placed in a liquidity fund as of 31 December 2022. In total Lytix has NOK 145.2 in cash and short-term financial investments at the end of the year.Key figures (unaudited):The full report is linked to this press release (and together with a presentation available at https://www.lytixbiopharma.com/investors/financial-reports.html).The results will be presented in a webcast with CEO Øystein Rekdal  CDO Graeme Currie and CFO Gjest Breistein today at 14.30 CEST.The presentation and subsequent Q&A session will be held in English and may be viewed live by registering here: https://forms.office.com/e/q06xRZSrBVA recording of the presentation will be made available on https://www.lytixbiopharma.com/investors/overview.html (after the presentation).CONTACT:For more information  please contact:Gjest Breistein  CFO: gjest.breistein@lytixbiopharma.comOle Peter Nordby  Head of IR & Communication Manager: ole.peter.nordby@lytixbiopharma.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/16482/3716010/1852888.pdf Q4 2022 Lytix FinalCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lytix-biopharma-presents-fourth-quarter-and-second-half-2022-results-301748510.htmlSOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.2,0.15,True,English,"['Lytix Biopharma', 'fourth quarter', 'second half', '2022 results', 'progressive metastatic soft tissue sarcoma', 'additional three European countries', 'subsequent Q&A session', 'clinical Phase II studies', 'ongoing Phase II study', 'adoptive cell transfer treatment', 'The Clinical Study Report', 'SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS', 'Phase I study', 'basal cell carcinoma', 'clinical tumor necrosis', 'clinical trial application', 'ongoing ATLAS-IT-05 trial', 'unique dual mode', 'Dr. Øystein Rekdal', 'serious adverse events', 'great track record', 'Weill Cornell Medicine', 'SITC) Annual Meeting', 'CDO Graeme Currie', 'broad T-cell response', 'key opinion leaders', 'National Cancer Institute', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Norwegian immuno-oncology company', 'Chief Business Officer', 'short-term financial investments', 'CEO Øystein Rekdal', 'cancer treatment outcomes', 'post period events', 'Total operating expenses', 'Ole Peter Nordby', 'CFO Gjest Breistein', 'full report', 'consistent response', 'personnel expenses', 'Key figures', 'cancer cells', 'fourth quarter', 'second half', 'heterogeneous tumors', 'promising effects', 'lead candidate', 'Verrica Pharmaceuticals', 'favorable safety', 'tolerability profile', 'higher range', 'strong focus', 'commercial opportunities', 'drug candidates', 'successful deals', 'R&D', 'regulatory submission', 'encouraging data', 'Compelling data', 'research groups', 'six months', 'important expansion', 'liquidity fund', 'press release', 'Communication Manager', 'following files', 'original content', 'Lytix Final', 'same period', 'Cash position', 'Stephen Worsley', 'preclinical development', 'cancer patients', ""Lytix' assets"", '10 patients', 'Norway', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', '2022 results', 'Steady', 'molecules', 'action', 'potential', 'number', 'immunotherapy', 'Highlights', 'Partnership', 'LTX-315', 'Part 1', 'dosing', 'companies', 'industry', 'approval', 'CTA', 'Q3', 'France', 'Spain', 'sites', 'aim', 'enrollment', 'mid-20', 'Activities', 'LTX-401.', 'ATLAS-IT-04', 'disease', 'collaboration', 'Society', 'Story', 'NOK', '31 December', 'increase', 'connection', 'costs', 'parallel', 'end', 'year', 'presentation', 'financial-reports', 'webcast', '14.30 CEST', 'English', 'recording', 'CONTACT', 'information', 'Head', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', 'lytix-biopharma', 'fourth-quarter', 'second-half-2022-results']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18711,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-valneva-issue-phase-3-060000447.html,Pfizer and Valneva Issue Update on Phase 3 Clinical Trial Evaluating Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15,New York & Saint-Herblain (France)  February 17  2023 – Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) today announce that Pfizer...,"VALNEVANew York & Saint-Herblain (France)  February 17  2023 – Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) today announce that Pfizer  as the study sponsor  has decided to discontinue a significant percentage of participants in the U.S. who had been enrolled in the Vaccine Against Lyme for Outdoor Recreationists (VALOR) (NCT05477524) Phase 3 clinical study. The study is investigating the efficacy  safety and immunogenicity of an investigational Lyme disease vaccine candidate  VLA15. These study participants  representing approximately half of the total recruited participants in the trial  are being discontinued following violations of Good Clinical Practice (GCP) at certain clinical trial sites run by a third-party clinical trial site operator. The discontinuation of these participants was not due to any safety concerns with the investigational vaccine and was not prompted by a participant-reported adverse event.GCP is the international ethical and scientific quality standard for clinical trials that all clinical researchers need to follow. These standards are designed to put participants’ interests first and ensure high scientific integrity. Once Pfizer learned of potential violations of GCP  it conducted a thorough review of the operations and data collection at the clinical trial sites run by the third party and followed standard operating safeguards to determine the correct course of action.The clinical trial remains ongoing with other sites not operated by the third party  and Pfizer continues to enroll new participants at those sites. The companies intend to work with regulatory authorities  and as previously announced 1 2 aim for Pfizer to potentially submit a Biologics License Application (BLA) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2025  pending successful completion of the Phase 3 studies and subject to the agreement of these regulatory agencies to proposed modifications of the clinical trial plan.Participants are being notified and Pfizer has also notified the FDA  other regulatory agencies and the independent Institutional Review Board for this study.Integrity of data collected in clinical trials is critical to provide evidence and confidence in a potential vaccine or medicine’s safety and efficacy. Pfizer and Valneva are committed to collecting robust data needed for potential regulatory submission of VLA15. While VLA15 is still under investigation  to date the companies have been encouraged by the data from the Phase 2 clinical studies  which demonstrated strong immunogenicity and acceptable safety and tolerability profiles.2-4About VLA15VLA15 is the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate currently in clinical development. This investigational multivalent protein subunit vaccine uses an established mechanism of action for a Lyme disease vaccine that targets the outer surface protein A (OspA) of Borrelia burgdorferi  the bacteria that cause Lyme disease. OspA is a surface protein expressed by the bacteria when present in a tick. Blocking OspA inhibits the bacterium’s ability to leave the tick and infect humans. The vaccine covers the six most common OspA serotypes expressed by the Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato species that are prevalent in North America and Europe. VLA15 has demonstrated a strong immune response and satisfactory safety profile in pre-clinical and clinical studies so far. Valneva and Pfizer entered into a collaboration agreement in April 2020 to co-develop VLA15  with updates to the terms within this agreement made in June 2022.5 6 The program was granted Fast Track designation by the U.S. FDA in July 2017.7About Lyme DiseaseLyme disease is a systemic infection caused by Borrelia burgdorferi bacteria transmitted to humans by infected Ixodes ticks.8 It is considered the most common vector-borne illness in the Northern Hemisphere.9 While the true incidence of Lyme disease is unknown  it is estimated to annually affect approximately 476 000 people in the United States and 130 000 people in Europe.10 11 Early symptoms of Lyme disease (such as a gradually expanding erythematous rash called Erythema migrans or more nonspecific symptoms like fatigue  fever  headache  mild stiff neck  arthralgia or myalgia) are often overlooked or misinterpreted. Left untreated  the disease can disseminate and cause more serious complications affecting the joints (arthritis)  the heart (carditis) or the nervous system.12 The medical need for vaccination against Lyme disease is steadily increasing as the geographic footprint of the disease widens.10About Pfizer: Breakthroughs That Change Patients’ LivesAt Pfizer  we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality  safety and value in the discovery  development and manufacture of health care products  including innovative medicines and vaccines. Every day  Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness  prevention  treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies  we collaborate with health care providers  governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable  affordable health care around the world. For more than 170 years  we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.Pfizer.com . In addition  to learn more  please visit us on www.Pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @Pfizer News  LinkedIn  YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer.Pfizer Disclosure NoticeThe information contained in this release is as of February 17  2023. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments.This release contains forward-looking information about an investigational Lyme disease vaccine candidate  VLA15  and a collaboration between Pfizer and Valneva for VLA15  including their potential benefits  VALOR  a Phase 3 clinical study investigating the efficacy  safety and immunogenicity of VLA15  and the timing of potential regulatory submissions  that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints  commencement and/or completion dates for our clinical trials  regulatory submission dates  regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates  including uncertainties relating to the time needed to recruit and enroll participants  and accrue cases in the Phase 3 trial  and uncertainties relating to an agreement with regulatory authorities on any modifications to the clinical trial plan as needed  as well as the possibility of unfavorable new clinical data and further analyses of existing clinical data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities; whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from our clinical studies; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for VLA15; whether and when any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities  which will depend on myriad factors  including making a determination as to whether the product's benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the product's efficacy and  if approved  whether VLA15 will be commercially successful; decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling  manufacturing processes  safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of VLA15; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain recommendations from vaccine advisory or technical committees and other public health authorities and uncertainties regarding the commercial impact of any such recommendations; whether our collaboration with Valneva will be successful; uncertainties regarding the impact of COVID-19 on Pfizer’s business  operations and financial results; and competitive developments.A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31  2021 and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q  including in the sections thereof captioned “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results”  as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K  all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress and recruitment of clinical trials  discussions with regulatory agencies  modifications to clinical trial plans  results of clinical trials  and timing for filing for potential regulatory approval of product candidates. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results or delays  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Media ContactsPfizerMedia Relations:PfizerMediaRelations@pfizer.com212-733-1226Investor Relations:IR@pfizer.com212-733-4848ValnevaLaëtitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +1 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comReferencesPfizer. Pfizer and Valneva Initiate Phase 3 Study of Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15. August 2022. Available at: https://www.pfizer.com/news/press-release/press-release-detail/pfizer-and-valneva-initiate-phase-3-study-lyme-disease. Accessed: February 2023. Valneva. Valneva and Pfizer Report Six-Month Antibody Persistence Data in Children and Adults for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate. December 2022. Available at: https://www.pfizer.com/news/press-release/press-release-detail/valneva-and-pfizer-report-six-month-antibody-persistence. Accessed: February 2023 Valneva. Valneva Pfizer Report Positive Phase 2 Pediatric Data for Lyme Vaccine Candidate. April 2022. Available at: https://valneva.com/press-release/valneva-and-pfizer-report-positive-phase-2-pediatric-data-for-lyme-disease-vaccine-candidate/ Accessed: July 2022. Valneva. Valneva Pfizer Report Positive Phase 2 Data for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate. February 2022. Available at: https://valneva.com/press-release/valneva-and-pfizer-report-further-positive-phase-2-data-for-lyme-disease-vaccine-candidate/ Accessed: July 2022. Valneva. Valneva and Pfizer Announce Collaboration to Co-Develop and Commercialize Lyme Disease Vaccine  VLA15. April 2020. Available at: https://valneva.com/press-release/valneva-and-pfizer-announce-collaboration-to-co-develop-and-commercialize-lyme-disease-vaccine-vla15/ Accessed: July 2022 . Valneva. Valneva and Pfizer Enter into Equity Subscription Agreement and Update Terms of Collaboration Agreement for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15. June 2022. Available at: https://valneva.com/press-release/valneva-and-pfizer-enter-into-an-equity-subscription-agreement-and-update-terms-of-collaboration-agreement-for-lyme-disease-vaccine-candidate-vla15/ Accessed: July 2022. Valneva. Valneva Receives FDA Fast track Designation for its Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15. July 2017. Available at: https://valneva.com/press-release/valneva-receives-fda-fast-track-designation-for-its-lyme-disease-vaccine-candidate-vla15/ Accessed: July 2022. Stanek G  Wormser GP  Gray J  et al. Lyme borreliosis. Lancet. 2012; 4;379(9814):461-73. Gern L  Falco RC. Lyme disease. Rev Sci Tech. 2000 Apr;19(1):121-35. Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Lyme Disease. Data and Surveillance. April 2021. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/lyme/datasurveillance/index.html?CDC_AA_refVal=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdc.gov%2Flyme%2Fstats%2Findex.html Accessed July 2022. Sykes RA  et al. An estimate of Lyme borreliosis incidence in Western Europe. Journal of Public Health 2017; 39(1): 74-81 Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Lyme Disease. Signs and Symptoms of Untreated Lyme disease. January 2021. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/lyme/signs_symptoms/index.html Accessed July 2022.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.23,0.06,0.71,True,English,"['Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15', 'Valneva Issue Update', 'Phase 3 Clinical Trial', 'Pfizer', 'six most common OspA serotypes', 'Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato species', 'investigational multivalent protein subunit vaccine', 'third-party clinical trial site operator', 'investigational Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'independent Institutional Review Board', 'outer surface protein A', 'participant-reported adverse event', 'Biologics License Application', 'Marketing Authorisation Application', 'Fast Track designation', 'expanding erythematous rash', 'mild stiff neck', 'health care products', 'Good Clinical Practice', 'clinical trial plan', 'European Medicines Agency', 'strong immune response', 'standard operating safeguards', 'Borrelia burgdorferi bacteria', 'U.S. Food', 'high scientific integrity', 'potential regulatory submission', 'clinical trial sites', 'Phase 2 clinical studies', 'satisfactory safety profile', 'other regulatory agencies', 'scientific quality standard', 'Phase 3 clinical study', 'U.S. FDA', 'investigational vaccine', 'potential vaccine', 'thorough review', 'Phase 3 studies', 'other sites', 'clinical trials', 'clinical researchers', 'regulatory authorities', 'innovative medicines', 'clinical development', 'New York', 'Euronext Paris', 'significant percentage', 'Outdoor Recreationists', 'international ethical', 'third party', 'correct course', 'Drug Administration', 'successful completion', 'strong immunogenicity', 'tolerability profiles', 'North America', 'systemic infection', 'Ixodes ticks', 'vector-borne illness', 'Northern Hemisphere', 'true incidence', 'United States', 'Early symptoms', 'nonspecific symptoms', 'serious complications', 'nervous system', 'medical need', 'geographic footprint', 'global resources', 'emerging market', 'potential violations', 'study sponsor', 'safety concerns', 'acceptable safety', 'data collection', 'robust data', 'participants’ interests', 'new participants', 'Valneva SE', 'collaboration agreement', 'study participants', 'Pfizer Inc.', 'Pfizer colleagues', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'February', 'PFE', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'VALOR', 'efficacy', 'half', 'GCP', 'discontinuation', 'standards', 'operations', 'action', 'companies', 'MAA', 'modifications', 'evidence', 'confidence', 'mechanism', 'humans', 'pre-clinical', 'April', 'updates', 'terms', 'June', 'program', 'July', '476,000 people', '130,000 people', 'fatigue', 'fever', 'headache', 'arthralgia', 'myalgia', 'joints', 'arthritis', 'heart', 'carditis', 'vaccination', 'Breakthroughs', 'Lives', 'science', 'value', 'discovery', 'manufacture', 'vaccines']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18712,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abivax-appoints-dr-sheldon-sloan-072000928.html,Abivax Appoints Dr. Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  as Chief Medical Officer,Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune...,"Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  has a strong track record in product development and commercial launches in the pharmaceutical industry with a focus on Inflammatory Bowel DiseaseAs CMO of Abivax  Dr. Sloan will play a critical role in the successful conduct and completion of the ongoing Phase 3 global clinical program with obefazimod for the treatment of ulcerative colitis (UC)  as well as in the subsequent global submissions and commercial launch preparationsDr. Sloan will be based in the US  establishing an Abivax office on the US East CoastPARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / February 17  2023 / Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today announced the appointment of Dr. Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  as new Chief Medical Officer  effective on March 1  2023. Dr. Sloan brings over 30 years of experience in academia and the biopharmaceutical industry  with an extensive track record in the field of Gastroenterology and Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD). He has spent the last 25 years of his career in large pharmaceutical and biotech companies  including 15 years in leading positions at J&J  followed by Arena Pharmaceuticals and then Pfizer as Program Lead for Etrasimod UC. He successfully managed late-stage clinical trial programs  global submissions and product launches in the IBD field.""We are excited to welcome Sheldon at Abivax and to benefit from his vast experience to drive the clinical and medical strategy and development of our Company in the years to come  said Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich  M.D.  CEO of Abivax. ""His strong competencies will be particularly valuable to assist Abivax in conducting our ongoing Phase 3 clinical program with obefazimod for the treatment of UC patients. Further  Sheldon will be driving the strategy for future clinical development programs with obefazimod  first and foremost for Crohn's disease. The Abivax team is now very much looking forward to leveraging our competencies and efforts with Sheldon and to advancing obefazimod towards potential global licensing and to make the drug candidate quickly available to all the patients in need of new effective treatment options  if approved.""Story continuesPrior to joining Abivax  Dr. Sloan worked for Arena Pharmaceuticals and  after its acquisition  for Pfizer. He was Program Lead for Etrasimod UC  responsible for cross-functional leadership  planning and management  operational business process planning  and execution management of the Ulcerative Colitis program  including its global submission and launch. Before joining Arena Pharmaceuticals  Dr. Sloan held different leadership positions at J&J in Medical Affairs  R&D  and Science Policy. In his last position at J&J  he was Global Medical Affairs Leader for IBD  leading the global launch strategy and execution for Crohn's Disease and Ulcerative Colitis for Stelara. Dr. Sloan also has a strong track record in bioethics and has been involved on different levels in questions addressing bioethics issues including animal care and use and human subjects research. Dr. Sloan holds an M.D. from Rush Medical College  Chicago  USA  and a Master of Bioethics from the University of Pennsylvania  USA. He has authored a large number of scientific publications and abstracts and contributed to various books in the gastroenterology and immunology fields.Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  CMO of Abivax  commented: ""I am thrilled to join Abivax during these exciting and decisive times and to drive its late-stage clinical program with obefazimod for the treatment of UC through the pivotal studies and  if successful  towards global submissions and launch  if approved. I am excited to have the opportunity to contribute with my dedicated expertise in the IBD field to guide obefazimod through the medical  clinical and commercial steps and processes. I believe that this drug candidate could become a novel long-term therapy option addressing the still high unmet medical needs in the chronic inflammatory disease field and am committed to make sure its potential is fully realized for the benefit of the many patients suffering from IBD and other chronic inflammatory diseases.""*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 - Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax's lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858DISCLAIMERThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax' management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d'Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.SOURCE: ABIVAXView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/739772/Abivax-Appoints-Dr-Sheldon-Sloan-MD-as-Chief-Medical-Officer",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.16,0.13,True,English,"['Dr. Sheldon Sloan', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'M.D.', 'Abivax', 'Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company', 'ongoing Phase 3 global clinical program', 'novel long-term therapy option', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'ongoing Phase 3 clinical program', 'new Chief Medical Officer', 'high unmet medical needs', 'late-stage clinical trial programs', 'operational business process planning', 'Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich', 'other chronic inflammatory diseases', 'future clinical development programs', 'new effective treatment options', 'Global Medical Affairs Leader', 'chronic inflammatory disease field', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'late-stage clinical program', 'extensive track record', 'human subjects research', 'Rush Medical College', 'Inflammatory Bowel Disease', 'strong track record', 'Euronext compartment B', 'subsequent global submissions', 'US East Coast', 'potential global licensing', 'Ulcerative Colitis program', 'different leadership positions', 'commercial launch preparations', 'The Abivax team', 'global launch strategy', 'lead drug candidate', 'medical, clinical', 'Dr. Sheldon Sloan', 'Program Lead', 'medical strategy', 'J&J', 'leading positions', 'cross-functional leadership', 'different levels', 'product development', 'commercial launches', 'commercial steps', 'Dr. Sloan', 'strong competencies', 'M.D.', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'critical role', 'successful conduct', 'immune system', 'large pharmaceutical', 'biotech companies', 'Arena Pharmaceuticals', 'product launches', 'R&D', 'Science Policy', 'last position', 'animal care', 'large number', 'scientific publications', 'various books', 'immunology fields', 'decisive times', 'pivotal studies', 'dedicated expertise', 'Truffle Capital', 'Mnémo', 'More information', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'Press Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'M. Bioethics', 'bioethics issues', 'IBD field', 'Etrasimod UC', 'vast experience', 'Regina Jehle', 'many patients', 'Abivax office', 'Abivax SA', 'Abivax Communications', 'last 25 years', 'UC patients', 'execution management', '30 years', '15 years', 'focus', 'CMO', 'completion', 'obefazimod', 'FRANCE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'February', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'appointment', 'March', 'academia', 'Gastroenterology', 'career', 'Pfizer', 'CEO', 'Crohn', 'efforts', 'Story', 'acquisition', 'Stelara', 'questions', 'use', 'Chicago', 'USA', 'Master', 'University', 'Pennsylvania', 'abstracts', 'exciting', 'opportunity', 'processes', 'benefit', 'Montpellier', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'Investors', 'lifesciadvisors']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18713,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bekaert-completion-share-buyback-program-071500854.html,Bekaert - Completion of the Share Buyback Program and Update on the Liquidity Agreement,Completion of the Share Buyback Program and Update on the Liquidity Agreement Period from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023 Share Buyback Program fully...,BekaertCompletion of the Share Buyback Program and Update on the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023Share Buyback Program fully implementedOn 25 February 2022   Bekaert announced a program (the “Program”) to buy back own shares up to € 120 million. The Program was split into four equal tranches of up to € 30 million each.Bekaert announces today that it completed the fourth and last tranche of the Program. During the fourth tranche  which started on 18 November 2022 and ended on 13 February 2023  the company repurchased 820 929 ordinary shares for an aggregate consideration of € 30 million. Under the full Program  the company repurchased 3 488 344 ordinary shares for an aggregate consideration of € 117.3 million.As previously announced  the purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company and all shares repurchased as part of this arrangement will be cancelled. So far  1 449 409 treasury shares were cancelled. The balance of the repurchased shares (2 038 935 shares) will be cancelled before the end of February 2023.Bekaert’s reference shareholder  Stichting Administratiekantoor Bekaert (STAK) and the parties acting in concert with the STAK  have confirmed that they will take appropriate measures so that their voting rights in Bekaert’s share capital will not exceed the level they had at the start of the Program (i.e. 36.13%) by the end of February 2023.During the period from 9 February 2023 to 13 February 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 38 369 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 9 February 2023 to 13 February 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 9 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 345 40.24 40.48 39.80 255 323 MTF CBOE 3 952 40.21 40.44 39.78 158 910 MTF Turquoise 765 40.25 40.44 39.96 30 791 MTF Aquis 1 497 40.25 40.46 39.92 60 254 10 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 833 39.93 40.40 39.64 312 772 MTF CBOE 4 808 39.95 40.38 39.62 192 080 MTF Turquoise 889 39.96 40.36 39.76 35 524 MTF Aquis 1 893 39.96 40.38 39.62 75 644 13 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 725 39.74 39.90 39.60 306 992 MTF CBOE 2 662 39.76 39.90 39.64 105 841 MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — Total 38 369 39.98 40.48 38.86 1 534 131Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 2 400 shares during the period from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 5 500 shares on Euronext Brussels.Story continuesThe tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 9 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 10 February 2023 400 39.90 39.90 39.90 15 960 13 February 2023 1 200 39.69 39.80 39.54 47 628 14 February 2023 800 39.45 39.50 39.40 31 560 15 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 2 400 — — — 95 148Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 9 February 2023 1 900 40.15 40.40 39.80 0 10 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 13 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 14 February 2023 2 000 39.86 40.00 39.80 79 720 15 February 2023 1 600 40.20 40.40 39.90 64 320 Total 5 500 — — — 144 040The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 37 636 shares.On 15 February 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 4 750 289 own shares  or 8.05% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.69,0.27,0.04,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Completion', 'Update', 'four equal tranches', 'investor relations pages', 'Stichting Administratiekantoor Bekaert', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Date Number', 'share capital', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'last tranche', 'aggregate consideration', 'reference shareholder', 'appropriate measures', 'voting rights', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'total number', 'fourth tranche', '820 929 ordinary shares', '3 488 344 ordinary shares', '1 449 409 treasury shares', 'outstanding shares', 'full Program', 'same period', 'Total Amount', '038 935 shares', '38 369 shares', '2 400 shares', '5 500 shares', '37 636 shares', 'Completion', 'Update', '9 February', '15 February', '25 February', '18 November', '13 February', 'company', 'purpose', 'part', 'arrangement', 'balance', 'end', 'STAK', 'concert', 'level', 'start', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '2 September', 'Story', '10 February', 'Sale', '14 February', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '750 289']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18714,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/virtualware-listed-paris-stock-exchange-075100288.html,Virtualware to be Listed on the Paris Stock Exchange,BILBAO  Spain  Feb. 16  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish technology company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the virtual reality industry  will be...,"BILBAO  Spain  Feb. 16  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish technology company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the virtual reality industry  will be listed on the Paris Stock Exchange in the coming weeks.To this end  it has already filed the corresponding application with Euronext  the pan-European stock exchange that groups together the stock exchanges of Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Oslo  Milan  and Dublin.Virtualware  founded in 2004  is one of the pioneering companies in the field of Virtual Reality  where its team of more than 50 people has already developed more than 500 projects in more than 33 countries. It is headquartered in Bilbao  Spain  and has a North American office in Hamilton (Canada).For the last decade and a half  it has been developing immersive solutions oriented to the industrial world and counts among its client base multinationals and institutions such as GE Hitachi  Ontario Power Generation  Petronas  Iberdrola  Alstom  Guardian Glass  Gestamp  Danone  Johnson & Johnson  Biogen  Bayer  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  El Retoño Technical University or EAN University  to name a few.Following approval by Euronext  the IPO will take place in the Access segment and follows a year and a half of preparation.Virtualware's CEO  Unai Extremo  explained that ""this is an important step in our path towards the growth and global expansion of our company  especially in the US and European markets. The IPO will strengthen our global position  increase our visibility and add a wider community of stakeholders to our mission.""At the end of 2021  the company  whose majority partners are its CEO Unai Extremo and Sergio Barrera  its CTO or chief technology officer  was recognized as the world's most innovative company at the VR Awards 14 months ago.Its product VIROO  the world's pioneering VR as a Service (VRaaS) platform  makes Virtual Reality accessible to companies of all sizes and sectors. It is an all-in-one digital solution that enables the development and deployment of multi-user Virtual Reality applications remotely.Story continuesVIROO has received a patent in the United States and was named the best enterprise Virtual Reality solution at the VR Awards in 2019. The platform is already used by companies worldwide and has been used to develop strategic projects for defense ministries or critical infrastructure training projects. VIROO aims to become the standard for developing industrial Virtual Reality applications worldwide.Virtualware also participates in Evolv  a medical and digital health device manufacturer specializing in developing rehabilitation solutions based on immersive technologies.According to the annual report published by the company at the end of 2022  the company received ISO 27001 certification in recent months  signed contracts with leading international organizations  such as Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  Janssen  Invest WindsorEssex and the University of El Salvador  and began participating in events jointly with Microsoft in the United States.The company will announce the exact listing date and valuation in the coming weeks.Images:Photo of Unai Extremo  CEOhttps://www.virtualwareco.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/DSC0703.jpgPhoto of the VIROO room in operation:https://www.virtualwareco.com/viroo/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator_For_Medical_Training_VIROO_1024-1.jpgWebsite: https://www.virtualwareco.com/CONTACT: For more information  or interview requests with Unai Extremo  CEO of the company  please write to David Moreno  CMO (dmoreno@virtualwareco.com)  or Ramón Pedrosa  dircom (rpl@pedrosa-richardson.uk )  or call us at +682643536.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.24,0.28,0.48,True,English,"['Paris Stock Exchange', 'Virtualware', 'El Retoño Technical University', 'digital health device manufacturer', 'critical infrastructure training projects', 'multi-user Virtual Reality applications', 'enterprise Virtual Reality solution', 'industrial Virtual Reality applications', 'one digital solution', 'Spanish technology company Virtualware', 'chief technology officer', 'virtual reality industry', 'North American office', 'client base multinationals', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'leading international organizations', 'exact listing date', 'Ramón Pedrosa', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'CEO Unai Extremo', 'El Salvador', 'Spanish Ministry', 'stock exchanges', 'EAN University', 'strategic projects', 'industrial world', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'European leaders', 'coming weeks', 'corresponding application', 'last decade', 'immersive solutions', 'GE Hitachi', 'Guardian Glass', 'Access segment', 'important step', 'global expansion', 'European markets', 'global position', 'wider community', 'majority partners', 'Sergio Barrera', 'VR Awards', 'pioneering VR', 'United States', 'rehabilitation solutions', 'immersive technologies', 'annual report', 'ISO 27001 certification', 'recent months', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'interview requests', 'David Moreno', 'a half', 'The IPO', 'innovative company', 'VRaaS) platform', 'defense ministries', 'product VIROO', 'VIROO room', 'pioneering companies', '500 projects', 'BILBAO', 'Spain', 'Feb.', 'end', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Oslo', 'Milan', 'Dublin', 'field', 'team', '50 people', '33 countries', 'Hamilton', 'Canada', 'institutions', 'Petronas', 'Iberdrola', 'Alstom', 'Gestamp', 'Danone', 'Johnson', 'Biogen', 'Bayer', 'ADIF', 'approval', 'place', 'year', 'preparation', 'path', 'growth', 'visibility', 'stakeholders', 'mission', 'CTO', 'Service', 'sizes', 'development', 'deployment', 'Story', 'patent', 'standard', 'Evolv', 'medical', 'contracts', 'Janssen', 'events', 'Microsoft', 'Images', 'Photo', 'virtualwareco', 'uploads', 'DSC0703', 'operation', 'Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator', 'Website', 'CONTACT', 'information', 'CMO', 'dircom']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18715,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/autoliv-board-directors-approves-renewal-203100757.html,Autoliv: Board of Directors approves renewal of EMTN Programme,"The Funding Committee of the Board of Directors of Autoliv  Inc. (NYSE: ALV) (SSE: ALIVsdb) (the ""Company"") approved on February 14  2023 the renewal for one...","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Funding Committee of the Board of Directors of Autoliv  Inc. (NYSE: ALV) (SSE: ALIVsdb) (the ""Company"") approved on February 14  2023 the renewal for one year of its €3 000 000 000 guaranteed euro medium term note programme (the ""EMTN Programme"")  which was originally established on 11 April 2019.The renewal of the EMTN Programme will allow the Company to take advantage of the funding opportunities provided by the capital markets and institutional investors through the future issuance of notes (the ""Notes""). The Notes issued by the Company under the EMTN Programme will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company's subsidiary  Autoliv ASP  Inc. (the ""Guarantor"").The base listing particulars dated February 17  2023 (the ""Base Listing Particulars"")  which has been prepared by the Company and the Guarantor in connection with the EMTN Programme  has been approved by Euronext Dublin and is available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (http://www.ise.ie).InquiriesTreasury: Par-Ola Wirenlind  Tel +46 (0) 7 030 332 78Investors & Analysts: Anders Trapp  Tel +46 (0) 8 587 206 71Investors & Analysts: Henrik Kaar  Tel +46 (0)8 587 206 14Media: Gabriella Ekelund  Tel +46 (70) 612 64 24About AutolivAutoliv  Inc. (NYSE: ALV; Nasdaq Stockholm: ALIV.sdb) is the worldwide leader in automotive safety systems. Through our group companies  we develop  manufacture and market protective systems  such as airbags  seatbelts  and steering wheels for all major automotive manufacturers in the world as well as mobility safety solutions  such as pedestrian protection  connected safety services and safety solutions for riders of powered two wheelers. At Autoliv  we challenge and re-define the standards of mobility safety to sustainably deliver leading solutions. In 2022  our products saved close to 35 000 lives and reduced more than 450 000 injuries.Our close to 70 000 associates in 27 countries are passionate about our vision of Saving More Lives and quality is at the heart of everything we do. We drive innovation  research  and development at our 14 technical centers  with their 20 test tracks. Sales in 2022 amounted to US $ 8.8 billion. For more information go to www.autoliv.com.Story continuesImportant InformationNOTHING IN THIS COMMUNICATION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL  OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY  ANY SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES REFERRED TO IN THE BASE LISTING PARTICULARS (THE ""SECURITIES"") HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE ""SECURITIES ACT"")  OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES  AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO  OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF  U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS.Safe Harbor StatementThis communication contains statements that are not historical facts but rather forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include those that address activities  events or developments that Autoliv  Inc. or its management believes or anticipates may occur in the future. All forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations  various assumptions and data available from third parties.Our expectations and assumptions are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However  there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize or prove to be correct as forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual future results  performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results  performance or achievements expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements.Numerous risks  uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statements. For any forward-looking statements contained in this communication or any other document  we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  and we assume no obligation to update publicly or revise any such statements in light of new information or future events  except as required by law.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/751/3718209/1858691.pdf Autoliv: Board of Directors approves renewal of EMTN Programme (PDF)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/autoliv-board-of-directors-approves-renewal-of-emtn-programme-301750184.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.24,0.41,True,English,"['EMTN Programme', 'Autoliv', 'Board', 'Directors', 'renewal', '€3,000,000,000 guaranteed euro medium term note programme', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT', 'market protective systems', 'major automotive manufacturers', 'close to 70,000 associates', 'U.S. PERSONS', 'automotive safety systems', 'connected safety services', 'base listing particulars', 'Safe Harbor Statement', 'mobility safety solutions', 'The Funding Committee', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'actual future results', 'actual results', 'EMTN Programme', 'funding opportunities', 'leading solutions', 'SECURITIES LAWS', 'one year', 'capital markets', 'future issuance', 'Euronext Dublin', 'ise.ie', 'Inquiries Treasury', 'Par-Ola Wirenlind', 'Anders Trapp', 'Henrik Kaar', 'Gabriella Ekelund', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'ALIV.sdb', 'worldwide leader', 'group companies', 'steering wheels', 'two wheelers', '14 technical centers', '20 test tracks', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS', 'historical facts', 'third parties', 'good faith', 'reasonable basis', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Numerous risks', 'other document', 'following files', 'original content', 'Important Information', 'new information', 'pedestrian protection', 'More Lives', 'APPLICABLE STATE', 'current expectations', 'various assumptions', 'future events', 'institutional investors', 'Autoliv ASP', '35,000 lives', 'Feb.', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Inc.', 'NYSE', 'ALV', 'SSE', 'ALIVsdb', 'Company', 'February', 'renewal', '11 April', 'advantage', 'notes', 'subsidiary', 'Guarantor', 'connection', 'website', 'Tel', 'Analysts', 'Media', 'airbags', 'seatbelts', 'riders', 'standards', 'products', '450,000 injuries', '27 countries', 'vision', 'quality', 'heart', 'everything', 'innovation', 'research', 'development', 'Sales', 'Story', 'COMMUNICATION', 'OFFER', 'SELL', 'SOLICITATION', 'BUY', 'ACCOUNT', 'BENEFIT', 'REGULATION', 'EXEMPTION', 'TRANSACTION', 'meaning', 'activities', 'management', 'data', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'light', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', 'news-releases', 'emtn-programme', '46']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18716,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-203000898.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM Logo.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 17 February 2023  delivered 165 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €94.82). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 126 125. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0001%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301750087.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.18,0.43,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '165 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '17 February', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'prnewswire', 'Cision', 'news-releases']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18717,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/17/2610339/0/en/EVS-REPORTS-2022-RESULTS.html,EVS REPORTS 2022 RESULTS,Publication on February 17  2023  before market openingRegulated information – Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR),"English FrenchPublication on February 17  2023  before market openingRegulated information – Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS reports 2022 resultsLiège  Belgium  February 17th  2023EVS delivers record revenue and order intake resultsThe results of 2022 are entirely supporting the growth ambitions of EVS. All the fundamentals for topline performance are strong: EVS realizes a record-high order intake and achieves a historical revenue number  despite the increased delivery terms in 2022. EVS is able to demonstrate a strong net profit result and as a consequence  realizes a solid Earnings Per Share.FY22 HighlightsRecord order intake at EUR 218 8 million  growing 46 5% YoY.Revenue performance in line with expectations at EUR 148 2 million  growing 7 7% vs. FY21 despite increased delivery terms announced early 2022 and despite reduced Big Event Rental (BER) activity. The growth is realized through strong growth in North America and in the MediaInfra solution.Controlled OPEX growth  in line with market expectations.Healthy net profit at EUR 31 3 million driven by a strong financial income performance and a one-off benefit in taxes  resulting in fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2 29.2H22 HighlightsRecord order intake of EUR 130 1 million (including Big Tech 2022 contract).Revenue for the second half of 2022 at EUR 80 5 million  growing 6 1% compared to the same period last year. Big Event Rental revenue at EUR 4 2 million  down EUR 4 9 million compared to 2H21. Revenue excluding Big Event Rental at EUR 76 3 million  growing EUR 9 5 million.Net profit amounts to EUR 15 9 million  leading to fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 1 14.Outlook 2023The important order intake of 2022 has considerably fueled the order book to be delivered in future periods. The total order book at the end of 2022 is of EUR 141 8 million  growing 122% compared to last year. The order book reserved for 2023 is estimated at EUR 85 9 million  growing 68 4% compared to beginning of the year 2022.Based on the order book and current market dynamics  the revenue guidance for the year 2023 is set at EUR 145-155 million.The revenue range demonstrates the ambition of EVS to continue the organic growth  in a year with no Big Event Rental revenue.With the growth engine launched  the focus in 2023 for EVS will be on profitable growth.EVS plans no further growth in team members nor do we expect an increase in our capital expenditure envelope.We expect to pay out dividends in 2023 in line with our dividend policy  namely a base dividend per share of EUR 1 10.Key figuresEUR millions  except earnings per share expressed in EUR 2H22 2H21 Variance FY22 FY21 Variance Revenue 80 5 75 8 4 7 148 2 137 6 10 6 Gross profit 53 0 53 2 -0 2 98 8 95 8 3 0 Gross margin % 65 8% 70 3% -4 5 Pts 66 7% 69 6% -2 9 Pts Operating profit – EBIT 16 0 21 7 -5 7 31 7 37 1 -5 4 Operating margin – EBIT % 19 9% 28 6% -8 7 Pts 21 4% 27 0% -5 6 Pts Net profit (Group share) 15 9 19 3 -3 5 31 3 34 9 -3 6 Fully diluted EPS (Group share) 1 14 1 42 -0 28 2 29 2 57 -0 28CommentsSerge Van Herck  CEO comments:“I’m proud to say that 2022 was again quite a successful year for EVS. Our PlayForward strategy  as defined at the end of 2019  is starting to deliver the expected growth momentum.In 2022  we had a second record year in a row  with strong growth in revenues  order intake  and team member size. We showed significant growth in North America  announced our largest contract ever in August with the ""Big Tech 22 contract” worth over 50MioUSD  and successfully fought against inflation and component shortages throughout the year.We feel we are winning market share in our Live Audience Business and protecting our position in the Live Service Providers markets. We successfully supported many of our customers in delivering the live TV production of major sports events in Asia  the Middle East  and North America.The growth of our team is clearly unlocking our sustainable growth ambitions. Our strong employer branding has enabled us to successfully hire strong talent across the world. Our team member engagement survey shows again further improvements compared to the years before  resulting in our recent “Top Employer” certification.We are making good progress in our vision of developing a strong ecosystem relying on our VIA platform as we are successfully moving from product to solution sales. Our introduction of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in XtraMotion is a revolution in the industry and it represents a major differentiator.The Axon acquisition in May 2020 has translated into our Media Infrastructure revenue growth and positively contributes to our bottom line  demonstrating our capability to execute successfully large acquisitions. We have also launched our new ERP and upgraded our VIA Portal applications such as our customer ticketing system to support our long-term growth ambitions.In line with our commitments  we continued to deliver strong dividends for our shareholders. Our sustainability strategy has started to deliver strong results aligned with our customer’s expectations  and resulting in good ESG ratings like the Ecovadis Silver medal. We completed our first carbon footprint analysis: this will be a critical management tool for taking the right sustainability decisions in the future.In conclusion  our PlayForward strategy  is clearly being appreciated by our customers and channel partners. This is helping us to get back into growth mode. While economic market conditions remain very challenging with high inflation  component shortages and with the war in Ukraine  we feel that our customers increasingly appreciate the reliability  performance and innovative edge of our solutions and services.Our ambition for the next years is to continue to deliver growth on both our top and bottomline. We are convinced that by focusing on cost control we will be able to deliver upon this promise.”Commenting on the results and the outlook  Veerle De Wit  CFO  said:“Our 2022 revenue results clearly demonstrate our ability to achieve organic growth. Even despite increased delivery terms  announced early 2022  and with a declining Big Event Rental revenue  we are able to realize a strong top line performance. All indicators lead us to conclude that this organic growth is here to stay: the revenue performance  together with the strong secured revenue position for 2023  are a solid basis to continue our growth path.Being a company in growth mode  means that the necessary resources need to be invested to support this growth: 2022 has been a year where we invested in additional resources  in new product developments  and in the back-bone of our operations. This backbone  a globally released new ERP system  has allowed us to optimize our processes and refine our cost control. As a result  the granularity of our reporting is improving  which has led to a decision to write off EUR 0 7 million of Bill of Material costs in 4Q22.Our operational expenses grew in a controlled way. Control over our spending patterns remains an attention point for 2023  especially in the current volatile market.Thanks to sound treasury management and tax benefits  we are able to generate a strong Net Profit worth EUR 31 3 million  driving a diluted Earnings Per Share of EUR 2 29.Our balance sheet also remains healthy with a very low debt level and a sound cash position. Our cash position is declining throughout 2022  as a consequence of high dividends paid  and as a consequence on increased Net Working Capital requirements. The impact on Net Working Capital is temporary: the implementation of the new ERP system has created a delay in invoicing in the fourth quarter – the quarter with the highest volume – resulting in a large volume of receivables not due at the end of 2022. This is a temporary effect  that will normalize early in 2023  as soon as the invoices become due.Based on the strong results for the year 2022  we are able to maintain our dividend policy defined earlier in 2022.”Market & customersThe record high numbers in terms of revenues  order intake and order book translate the market traction that EVS is living. Our main growth drivers are North America and Media Infrastructure. The performance of our MediaInfra solution clearly demonstrates the power of our acquisition strategy. It is the fruit of our investment in Axon in 2020  and this acquisition demonstrates its return on investment 2 years later.The high order intake is also thanks to our biggest contract signed in the history of EVS: our Big Tech 2022. This contract proved an exceptional milestone in the history of EVS. This contract is a 10-year agreement that covers the delivery of EVS’ live production  replay and highlight solutions LiveCeption®  combined with a long-term services level agreement. The contract provides our US based customer access to the latest technology innovations for the next 10 years  a full upgrade of its installed base  a predictable operational spend and an ease of operations.2022 was a year with important Big Events  that EVS was able to support successfully. New solutions  like MediaHub and MediaInfra Strada  were introduced in our Big Event Rental business with success.Market conditions have been challenging throughout the year  with volatile interest rates  inflation and a continued erratic components market. This volatile market has urged EVS to implement a systemic price increase policy. Twice a year the sales prices are evaluated based on the underlying cost for components and inflation of labour cost. EVS has introduced 2 price increases in 2022: a first one in February 2022  and a second one in September 2022. The price increase policy aims to guarantee the overall profitability of the solutions of EVS.The erratic components market also forced EVS to extend its delivery periods early 2022 and to change the supply chain approach. However  as most components suffer longer lead-times  EVS has pro-actively invested in inventory to ensure these delivery terms are met.EVS has received many awards in 2022  and this for different business dimensions. Ranging from technology awards (Neuron Protect Best of Show Award at the NAB Show)  to Wallonia International Business Awards  to IABM Environmental Sustainability award  to Top Employer Certification 2023.Three years after the PLAYForward strategic exercise that has moved the focus from products to solutions  we can confidently say that this solution driven approach is highly appreciated by our customers and contributes to the differentiation reflected in the order book.TechnologiesDuring 2022  new generation of AI products did surface on the market. EVS continues to invest in the development of specific machine learning algorithms for broadcast specific components and also integrates in parallel existing AI technologies or libraries inside the solution portfolio or the workflows deployed for our customers.EVS also further developed and evangelized this year the concept of “Balanced computing” as the best distribution of the computing workload between on-prem  datacenter and public cloud based on the economic benefits and the technical constraints for a specific workflow. This concept has been well received by the market where some players start to discover the limitations in terms of feature and the significant impact on Total Cost of Ownership for the production of premium events.EVS also currently invests in the development of important solution components that will be later embraced in the different solutions. Thanks to the capability to track the benefits brought by these components in the future  these developments are activated. These developments will contribute to the future sustainable growth of EVS.Corporate topics2022 marks the moment where the Axon acquisition really starts to pay off for EVS. The initial assumptions made in terms of greographical expansion of the market are becoming a reality. Also the developments made to ensure end-to-end integration with EVS products demonstrate the complementarity of this company within the EVS portfolio. It comforts us in our Acquisition strategy and our ability to integrate companies.One of the axes of the PLAYforward strategy is improving our internal way of working. As a company we want to ensure that we have efficient processes in place that promote end-to-end collabration across all our departments. Having an efficient operational back-bone is important in that context. In October 2022  EVS launched a new global ERP system to ensure optimimal functioning of our company. The launch was a success and did not cause any major business interruption: shipping  production and support were active as of day 1. We now have a solid base to continously optimize our processes and ensure an optimal team member and customer experience.Speaking about improved processes  2022 is also the year where we first implemented a systemic listprice adjustment. The market conditions require a clear methodology to offset the impact of rising component prices and increasing inflation over labour costs. EVS now evaluates the need for price adjustments twice a year to protect the margin generation of the company.2022 is also the year where we continue to expand our sustainability efforts in terms of ESG. After a first hollistic report published in 2021  we continue to structure our efforts in terms of sustainability. Our current ESG strategy and reporting has already received postive feedback from the market: we received a silver medal from Ecovadis  obtained encouriging score from other rating companies and recently obtained the certification of Top Employer for 2023. By the end of 2022  we also realized our first EVS Carbon Footprint analysis: it provides us not only insight on our direct and indirect CO2 emissions  but most importantly  helps us to define our roadmap to reduce our carbon footprint in the future.EVS also reinvented the way it collaborates with its channel partners. A structured channel partner program has been developed  focused on sustainable relationships with partners more than on opportunistic market responses  starting to develop certification paths and clear objectives. This program allows EVS to reach a broader set of clients and even penetrate new markets.Being a company in growth mode  EVS further invested in additional team members. Additional resources were primarily allocated to support and operations roles  as to fuel our future growth  and some research and development resources  as to staff some important developments ensuring future growth. Thanks to a strong employer branding  EVS was able to attract this high number of talents in a relatively short time frame.Also to support our future growth ambition  EVS further strengthened its leadership team  early 2022. A new CTO  Alex Redfern  was welcomed and Xavier Orri was named EVP of Projects & Operations.Revenue in 2H22 and FY22In 2H22  EVS revenue reached EUR 80 5 million: an increase of EUR 4 7 million or 6 2% compared to 2H21  despite a drop of EUR 4 2 million on Big Event Rentals.At constant currency  revenue decreased by 1.6% YoY.Revenue – EUR millions 2H22 2H21 2H22/2H21 Total reported 80 5 75 8 6 0% Total at constant currency 74 7 75 8 -1.6% Total at constant currency and excluding big event rentals 70 5 66 8 5.6%For the full year 2022  EVS revenue reached EUR 148 2 million: an increase of EUR 10 6 million or 7 7% compared to 2021  despite a drop of EUR 3 7 million on Big Event Rentals and despite an increased delivery term announced early 2022. This performance demonstrates the organic growth realized in 2022.At constant currency  revenue increased by 3 5% YoY.Revenue – EUR millions FY22 FY21 FY22/FY21 Total reported 148 158 137 578 7 7% Total at constant currency 142 382 137 578 3.5% Total at constant currency and excluding big event rentals 132 532 124 044 6.8%Currency fluctuations primarily impact EVS revenues by the EUR/USD conversion  which can have a significant impact on our results even if EUR/USD fluctuations also impact the cost of our US operations and partially our cost of goods sold.In the second half of the year  (excl. Big Event Rentals) LSP represented 40% (31% in 2H21) of the revenue  LAB 55% (57% in 2H21).Geographically  revenues (excl. Big Event Rentals) are distributed in 2H22 as follows:Europe  Middle East and Africa (EMEA): EUR 39 1 million (EUR 31 7 million in 2H21)EUR 39 1 million (EUR 31 7 million in 2H21) Americas (NALA): EUR 25 9 million (EUR 21 7 million in 2H21)EUR 25 9 million (EUR 21 7 million in 2H21) Asia & Pacific (APAC): EUR 11 3 million (EUR 13 4 million in 2H21)  impacted by the slowdown in the region following COVID implications (primarily in China). The order intake for APAC in 2H22 do recomfort us that this trend can be reversed.Overall 2022 resultsConsolidated gross margin was at 66 7% for FY22  compared to 69 6% in FY21 (-2 9 Pts) explained by different drivers:Important investments in the operations & support department to ensure we continue to deliver quality support all over the world  in line with our growth patterns (representing -1 4 Pts)Impact of the change in solution mix is representing -1.1 Pts following the relative weight of Media Infrastructure in the overall portfolio.Write-off worth EUR 0 7 million linked to bill of material costs  following more granuler inventory reporting thanks to optimized processes in our new ERP (-0 4 Pts)In order to maintain gross profit levels  the impact of cost price increases and inflation have been systematically modeled by corresponding sales price increases. This has resulted primarily in improved margins for our Media Infrastructure and MediaCeption solutions.Operating expenses increased by 11% YoY (remaining below the guidance provided) explained by inflation on labour cost and energy prices and post-COVID spending patterns impacting spend for travel  marketing  … EVS did also invest in additional Research & Development resources in 2022  both through internal engagements as well as external contracts. These additional resources were staffed on 2 important developments  recognized as intangible assets in 2022. The associated spend was therefore capitalised on the balance sheet.Overall EBIT performance is of EUR 31 7 million  generating an EBIT margin of 21 4%.The net profit ends at EUR 31 3 million benefiting from a strong financial income following pro-active cash flow management and low income taxes (EUR 1 4 million compared to EUR 2 8 million last year) resulting from an excess in tax paid in 2021 and various tax latencies linked to prior years.The net profit leads to a fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2 29 (versus EUR 2 57 in 2021).Overall second half 2022 resultsThe gross profit margin in 2H22 was of 65 9% compared to 70 3% in the same period last year. The drop is a consequence of lesser revenue from Big Event Rentals and a higher weight of Media Infrastructure solution in the overall mix. In addition  the impact of the hirings done in 2022 to ensure continued quality operations and support affect the comparison.Operating expenses grew 13.8% in 2H22  compared to the same period last year and are a reflection of post-COVID spending patterns and impact of inflation.The 2H22 EBIT margin was 19 8%  compared to 28 6% in 2H21: the EBIT margin is dropping primarily following investments in the past 12 months to support our growth pattern.The Group net profit amounted to EUR 15 9 million in 2H22  compared to EUR 19 3 million in 2H21. Fully diluted earnings per share amounted to EUR 1 14 in 2H22 compared to EUR 1 42 in 2H21.Team membersAt the end of 2022  EVS employed 613 team members (FTE). This is an increase by 62 team members compared to the end of 2021 (551 FTE). This increase in team members reflects our continued investments in the growth of EVS. We expect no further growth of our team member base in 2023  and we will ensure that we balance the priorities of EVS with the existing workforce.Balance sheet and cash flow statementEVS continues to have a strong balance sheet with net cash position of EUR 33 8 million with low debt level (of which EUR 12 5 million related to IFRS 16) resulting in a total equity representing 75 4% of the total balance sheet as of the end of 2022. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents (EUR -23 1 million) compared to end of 2021 is mainly driven by the dividends paid in May and November (including exceptional additional dividend)  combined with the increase in working capital requirements at the end of 2022.The working capital requirements are growing  primarily linked to growing trade receivables. The trade receivables evolve largely in line with our overall sales volumes. 71% of our trade receivables is not due at year-end  with a large volume of invoices issued in the second half of the fourth quarter  given a temporary hold of invoicing operations after the Go-Live of our new ERP system. We expect these trade receivales to restore in 1Q23. A sound cash position remains a priority for EVS.Other intangible assets include the costs for internal development capitalized during 2022 according to IAS 38 (Intangible assets).Lands and building mainly include the headquarters in Liège as well as the right of use for the offices abroad (IFRS16).Inventories amount to EUR 28 8 million  an increase of EUR 2 8 million compared to the beginning of the year as a reflection of a pro-active supply chain management to ensure we systematically meet our customers’ delivery terms.Liabilities include EUR 15 3 million of financial debt (including long term and short-term portion)  mainly related to the lease liabilities for EUR 12 5 million and borrowings for EUR 2 8 million. Long-term provisions include the provision for technical warranty on EVS products for labor and parts. Other amounts payable mainly represent deferred income and advance payments received from customers on contracts in progress.Net cash from operating activities amounts to EUR 11 0 million for the full year 2022  compared to EUR 38 7 million in 2021. The decrease is mainly driven by higher working capital requirements resulting from higher trade receivables (as described above) and lower trade payables  combined with lower net profit. On December 31  2022  cash and cash equivalents total EUR 49 1 million  compared to EUR 72 1 million at the end of 2021. The decrease is mainly driven by lower cash from operating activities  combined with the increase of the net cash used in investing activities mainly due to the investments in intangible and tangible assets (specifically in the internal development of intangible assets) together with the increase of the net cash used in financing activities following the higher amount of dividends distributed during 2022  including the exceptional dividend.At the end of December 2022  there were 14.327.024 EVS shares outstanding  of which 908.014 were owned by the company. At the same date  492.975 warrants were outstanding with average exercise price of EUR 16 95 and maturities between October 2026 and September 2028.Corporate updateThere has been no further change to the composition of the Board of Directors since the last General Assembly on May 17th during which the shareholders had appointed two new directors  Frédéric Vincent and Marco Miserez  both for a period of 4 years. The Board of Directors is currently composed of seven directors:Johan Deschuyffeleer   independent director & President (representing The House of Value BVBA);  independent director & President (representing The House of Value BVBA); Michel Counson   managing director;  managing director; Martin De Prycker   independent director (representing InnoConsult BVBA);  independent director (representing InnoConsult BVBA); Chantal De Vrieze   independent director (representing 7 Capital SRL);  independent director (representing 7 Capital SRL); Frédéric Vincent   independent director;  independent director; Marco Miserez   independent director; and  independent director; and Anne Cambier  independent director (representing Accompany You SRL)GlossaryTerm Definition Secured revenue Revenue already recognized as well as open orders on hand that will be recognized as revenue in the fiscal year Order book <date> Revenues planned to be recognized after the <date> based on current orders. LAB market pillar LAB – Live Audience BusinessRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to create content for their own purposeThis market pillar covers the following types of customers: Broadcasters  Stadium  House of Worship  Corporate Media Centers  Sports organizations  Government & institutions  University & Colleges LSP market pillar LSP – Live Service ProvidersRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to serve “LAB customers”This market pillar covers the following types of customers: Rental & facilities companies  Production companies  Freelance operators  Technology partners & system integrators buying for their own purpose BER market pillar BER – Big Event RentalRevenue from major non-yearly big event rental.This market pillar covers the following types of customers: host broadcasters for major events.In case of discrepancies between the English and the French Version  the English Version prevails.Conference callEVS will hold a conference call in English today at 3.30 pm CET for financial analysts and institutional investors. Other interested parties may join the call in a listen-only mode. The presentation used during the conference call will be available shortly before the call on the EVS website.Participants must register for the conference using the link provided below. Upon registering  each participant will be provided with Participant Dial In Numbers  Direct Event Passcode and unique Registrant ID.1. Online registration: https://register.vevent.com/register/BIe156e14a79604a6984c8fb06a38e3c272. Webcast Player URL: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/yzt4d6v8Corporate CalendarMay 16th  2023: General AssemblyMay 17th  2023: Q1 2023 Trading updateAugust 18th  2023: H1 2023 resultsNovember 17th  2023: Q3 2023 Trading updateFor more information  please contact:VEERLE DE WITEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 00 | E-mail: corpcom@evs.com | Website: www.evs.comForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About EVSEVS is globally recognized as leader in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Our passion and purpose are to help our clients craft immersive stories that trigger the best return on emotion. Through a wide range of products and solutions  we deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news content to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time.The company is headquartered in Belgium with around 620 employees in offices in Europe  the Middle East  Asia and North America  and provides sales and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Condensed Interim Consolidated financial informationANNEX 1: condensed consolidated income statement(EUR thousands) Notes FY22 FY21 2H22 2H21 Revenue 5.3 148.158 137.578 80.486 75.799 Cost of sales -49.314 -41.764 -27.473 -22.543 Gross profit 98.844 95.814 53.013 53.256 Gross margin % 66 7% 69 6% 65 9% 70 3% Selling and administrative expenses -39.815 -32.392 -22.532 -17.555 Research and development expenses -26.267 -27.088 -14.368 -14.867 Other income 200 1.108 150 1.057 Other expenses -607 -114 -121 -71 Profit-sharing plan and warrants -643 -232 -169 -107 Operating profit (EBIT) 31.712 37.096 15.973 21.713 Operating margin (EBIT) % 21 4% 27 0% 19 8% 28 6% Interest revenue on loans and deposits 106 51 76 -17 Interest charges -912 -893 -439 -446 Other net financial income / (expenses) 5.6 1.793 1.254 -146 932 Share in the result of the enterprise accounted for using the equity method 67 193 -10 -20 Profit before taxes (PBT) 32.766 37.701 15.454 22.162 Income taxes 5.7 -1.422 -2.797 442 -2.853 Net profit 31.344 34.904 15.896 19.309 Attributable to : Non-controlling interest - - - - Share of the Group 31.344 34.904 15.896 19.309 EARNINGS PER SHARE (in number of shares and in EUR) FY22 FY21 2H22 2H21 Weighted average number of subscribed shares for the period less treasury shares 13.411.972 13.400.624 13.419.010 13.401.884 Weighted average fully diluted number of shares 13.681.084 13.587.624 13.768.895 13.588.884 Basic earnings – share of the Group 2 34 2 60 1 19 1 44 Fully diluted earnings – share of the Group (1) 2 29 2 57 1 14 1 42 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 2H22 2H21 Net profit 31.344 34.904 15.896 19.309 Other comprehensive income of the period Currency translation differences 324 475 -231 276 Total of recyclable elements 324 475 -231 276 Difference on opening 460 - 460 - Gains / (losses) on remeasurement of defined benefit obligations  net of tax 1.373 -412 440 -412 Total of non-recyclable elements  net of tax 1.833 -412 900 -412 Total other comprehensive income of the period  net of tax 2.157 63 669 -136 Total comprehensive income for the period 33.501 34.967 16.565 19.173 Attributable to : Non controlling interest - - - - Share of the Group 33.501 34.967 16.565 19.173(1) The diluted earnings per share does include:187.000 warrants attributed in October 2020  of which 154.250 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with maturity in October 2026; 158.600 warrants attributed in June 2021  of which 155.350 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with maturity in June 2027; and 183.375 warrants attributed in September 2022  all outstanding and with a maturity in September 2028.ANNEX 2: condensed statement of financial position (balance sheet)ASSETS(EUR thousands) Notes Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2021 Non-current assets: Goodwill 2.832 2.832 Other intangible assets 5.10 13.215 6.113 Lands and buildings 5.11 50.543 52.673 Other tangible assets 5.11 4.691 4.307 Investment accounted for using equity method 1.922 1.920 Other amounts receivables 3.647 2.408 Deferred tax assets 4.622 5.933 Financial assets 512 404 Total non-current assets 81.984 76.590 Current assets: Inventories 28.786 25.951 Trade receivables 61.655 38.924 Other amounts receivable  deferred charges and accrued income 11.566 6.417 Financial assets 174 201 Cash and cash equivalents 49.051 72.144 Total current assets 151.232 143.637 Total assets 233.216 220.227EQUITY AND LIABILITIES(EUR thousands) Notes Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2021 Equity: Capital 8.772 8.772 Reserves 183.390 170.570 Treasury shares -17.447 -17.776 Total consolidated reserves 165.943 152.794 Translation differences 1.075 751 Equity  attributable to the owners of the parent 175.790 162.317 Non-controlling interest - - Total equity 5.4 175.790 162.317 Provisions 1.637 1.502 Deferred taxes liabilities 10 11 Financial debts 5.12 11.528 13.554 Other debts 5.13 120 1.825 Non-current liabilities 13.295 16.892 Financial debts 5.12 3.750 3.728 Trade payables 9.207 10.497 Amounts payable regarding remuneration and social security 11.219 10.658 Income tax payable 1.959 2.586 Other amounts payable  advances received  accrued charges and deferred income 5.6 17.996 13.549 Current liabilities 44.131 41.018 Total equity and liabilities 233.216 220.227ANNEX 3: condensed statement of cash flows(EUR thousands) Notes FY22 FY21 Cash flows from operating activities Net profit  share of the Group 31.344 34.904 Adjustment for: - Depreciation and write-offs on fixed assets 6.738 7.015 - Profit-sharing plan and warrants 5.4 642 232 - Provisions 212 417 - Income tax expense (+) / Income (-) 1.422 2.797 - Net financial expense (+) / income (-) -987 -412 - Share of the result of entities accounted for under the equity method -67 -193 Adjustment for changes in working capital items: - Inventories -2.834 -3.372 - Trade receivables -23.970 -10.061 - Other amounts receivable  deferred charges and accrued income -3.889 -430 - Trade payables -1.290 4.722 - Amounts payable regarding remuneration and social security 541 3.653 - Other amounts payable  advances received  accrued charges  and deferred income 4.776 -263 - Conversion differences 803 813 Cash generated from operations 13.441 39.822 Income taxes received / (paid) 5.7 -2.469 -1.112 Net cash from operating activities 10.972 38.710 Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of intangible assets -8.770 -234 Purchase of tangible assets (lands and building and other tangible assets) -1.101 -1.357 Other financial assets -102 3 Net cash used in investing activities -9.973 -1.588 Cash flows from financing activities Reimbursement of borrowings 5.12 -1.095 -1.086 Payment of lease liabilities -2.828 -3.417 Interests paid -688 -566 Interests received 75 13 Dividend received from investee 64 - Dividend paid -20.112 -13.400 Net cash used in financing activities -24.584 -18.456 Net increase / decrease in cash and cash equivalents -23.585 18.666 Net foreign exchange difference 492 810 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 72.144 52.668 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 49.051 72.144ANNEX 4: condensed statement of change in equity(EUR thousands) Capital Reserves Treasury shares Currency translation differences Equity share of the Group Non-controlling interest Total equity Balance as per January 1  2021 8.772 149.309 -17.835 276 140.522 - 140.522 Profit or loss 34.904 34.904 34.904 Other comprehensive income -412 475 63 63 Total comprehensive income for the period 34.492 475 34.967 34.967 Share-based payments 232 232 232 Operations with treasury shares 59 59 59 Final dividend -6.699 -6.699 -6.699 Interim dividend -6.701 -6.701 -6.701 Other allocation -63 -63 -63 Balance as per December 31  2021 8.772 170.570 -17.776 751 162.317 - 162.317(EUR thousands) Capital Reserves Treasury shares Currency translation differences Equity share of the Group Non-controlling interest Total equity Balance as per January 1  2022 8.772 170.570 -17.776 751 162.317 - 162.317 Profit or loss 31.344 31.344 31.344 Other comprehensive income 1.833 324 2.157 2.157 Total comprehensive income for the period 33.117 324 33.501 33.501 Share-based payments 581 581 581 Operations with treasury shares -329 329 - - Final dividend -13.402 -13.402 -13.402 Interim dividend -6.710 -6.710 -6.710 Other allocation -497 -497 -497 Balance as per December 31  2022 8.772 183.390 -17.447 1.075 175.790 - 175.790ANNEX 5: notes to the consolidated financial statementsNOTE 5.1: BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSThe consolidated financial statements of EVS Group for the 12 month-period ended December 31  2022  are established and presented in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  as adopted for use in the European Union. The accounting framework and standards adopted by the European Commission can be accessed through the following link on the website: http://ec.europa.eu/finance/company-reporting/index_en.htm.The condensed interim financial statements of the Group for the 12 month-period ending December 31  2022  were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on February 16  2023. This interim report only provides an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes in financial position and reporting since the last annual reporting period and should therefore be read in conjunction with the full 2022 consolidated financial statements from which these condensed financial statements have been derived and which are planned to be published on EVS Group’s website by April 14  2023. The interim condensed financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.NOTE 5.2.1: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND METHODSThese condensed interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting  as issued by the IASB  and as adopted by the EU. The accounting policies and methods adopted for the preparation of the company's IFRS consolidated financial statements are consistent with those applied in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. The company’s IFRS accounting policies and methods are available in the 2021 annual report on www.evs.com  except for the accounting policy on intangible assets which include the capitalization of development cost for the first time (see note 5.10) as well as the new  amended or revised IFRS standards and IFRIC Interpretations that have been in effect since January 1  2022. The adoption of these new  amended or revised pronouncements did not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.NOTE 5.2.2: JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATESImpacts of current market volatility and macroeconomic developmentsThe impacts of the current market volatility and macroeconomic developments were taken into account by the company to assess potential effects on EVS’s financial performance and the valuation of its assets and liabilities. In particular  key assumptions used in the calculation of the pension obligations have been reviewed to ensure a proper valuation as per 31 December 2022. Also  the key assumptions that are used for estimating the recoverable amounts of cash generating units in the context of goodwill impairment test reflect latest market conditions for interest rates and weighted average cost of capitalEstimation of useful life and residual valueProperty  Plant and Equipment are depreciated using a straight-line method to allocate their depreciable amount on a systematic basis over their useful life. For the headquarter building in Liège  the depreciable amount is the cost less its estimated residual value. Useful life and residual value of an asset is estimated on a realistic basis based on the experience of the Group with similar assets and reviewed on a regular basis. The effect of changes in useful life are recognized prospectively.Functional currency of the Group entitiesThe individual financial statements of each subsidiary are prepared in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. When the factors set out by IAS 21 to determine the functional currency are mixed and the functional currency is not obvious  management judgment is used to determine which functional currency most faithfully represents the economic effects of its underlying transactions  events and conditions. The functional currency of the EVS Group entities is EUR except for the US entity EVS Inc. for which US Dollar is assessed by management to be the functional currency.Claims and contingent liabilitiesRelated to claims and contingencies  judgement is necessary in assessing the existence of an obligation resulting from a past event  in assessing the probability of an economic outflow  and in quantifying the probable outcome of economic resources. This judgment is reviewed when new information becomes available and often with support of internal and external expert advice.Impact of the war in Ukraine on our activitiesGiven the nature and location of its operations and the fact that EVS does not currently have activities in Russia nor in Ukraine or with Russian companies  The Company does not foresee a direct impact of the Ukrainian conflict on its business.NOTE 5.3: SEGMENT REPORTINGFrom an operational point of view  the company is vertically integrated with the majority of its staff located in the headquarters in Belgium  including the R&D  production  marketing and administration departments. Therefore the majority of investments and costs are located at the level of the Belgian parent company. Resources securing the customer facing interactions such as sales  operations and support profiles are primarily hired within the respective regions. The foreign subsidiaries are primarily sales and representative offices. The Chief Operating Decision Maker  being the Executive Committee  reviews the operating results  operating plans  and makes resource allocation decisions on a company-wide basis. Revenue related to products of the same nature (digital broadcast production equipment) are realized by commercial polyvalent teams. The company’s internal reporting is the reflection of the above-mentioned operational organization and is characterized by the strong integration of the activities of the company.By consequence  the company is composed of one segment according to the IFRS 8 definition  and the consolidated income statement of the Group reflects this unique segment. All long-term assets are located in the parent company EVS Broadcast Equipment SA in Belgium.The company provides one class of business defined as solutions based on tapeless workflows with a consistent modular architecture. There are no other significant classes of business  either singularly or in aggregate. Identical modules can meet the needs of different markets  and our customers themselves are often multi-markets. Providing information for each module is therefore not relevant for EVS.At the geographical level  our activities are divided into the following regions: Asia-Pacific (“APAC”)  Europe  Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)  and America (“NALA”). This division follows the organization of the commercial and support services within the Group  which operates worldwide. A fourth region is dedicated to the worldwide events (“big event rentals”).The company provides additional information with a presentation of the revenue by market pillar: “Live Service provider”  “Live Audience Business” and “Big Event Rentals” for rental contracts relating to the big sporting events.Finally  sales are presented by nature: systems and services.5.3.1. INFORMATION ON REVENUE BY DESTINATIONRevenue can be presented by Market Pillar: “Live Service provider”  “Live Audience Business” and “Big event rentals”. Maintenance and after sale service are included in the complete solution proposed to the clients.Revenue (EUR thousands) 2H22 2H21 % 2H22/2H21 Live Audience Business 45.147 42.986 5 0% Live Service Provider 31.151 23.888 30 4% Big event rentals 4.187 9.021 -53 6% Total Revenue 80.486 75.894 6 0%Revenue (EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 % FY22/FY21 Live Audience Business 71.438 72.259 -1 1% Live Service Provider 66.869 51.785 29 1% Big event rentals 9.850 13.534 -27 2% Total Revenue 148.158 137.578 7 7%5.3.2. INFORMATION ON REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREAActivities are divided in three regions: Asia-Pacific (“APAC”)  Europe  Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)  and “Americas”. Aside of them  we also identify the “big event rentals”.Revenue for the YTD period (EUR thousands) APACexcl. events EMEAexcl. events Americasexcl. events Big eventrentals TOTAL 2H22 revenue 11.278 39.107 25.914 4.187 80.486 Evolution versus 2H21 (%) -15 8% 23 4% 19 4% -53 9% 6 0% Variation versus 2H21 (%) at constant currency -15 8% 23 4% -7 2% -53 9% -1 6% 2H21 revenue 13.401 31.696 21.706 9.021 75.894Revenue for the YTD period (EUR thousands) APACexcl. events EMEAexcl. events Americasexcl. events Big eventrentals TOTAL FY22 revenue 18.952 67.764 51.592 9.850 148.158 Evolution versus FY21 (%) -17 9% 6 8% 37 6% -27 2% 7 7% Variation versus FY21 (%) at constant currency -17 9% 6 8% 22 2% -27 2% 3 5% FY21 revenue 23.077 63.468 37.499 13.534 137.578Revenue realized in Belgium (the country of origin of the company) with external clients represent less than 5% of the total revenue for the period. In the last 12 months  the Group realized significant revenue with external clients (according to the definition of IFRS 8) in one country: The United States (Americas)  EUR 38 1 million in the last 12 months.5.3.3. INFORMATION ON REVENUE BY NATURERevenue can be presented by nature: systems and services.Revenue (EUR thousands) 2H22 2H21 % 2H22/2H21 Sale of Equipment 64.226 58.524 10 3% Other services 16.259 17.610 -7 7% Total Revenue 80.486 75.894 6 0%Revenue (EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 % FY22/FY21 Sale of Equipment 118.015 106.416 10 9% Other services 30.142 31.162 -3 3% Total Revenue 148.158 137.578 7 7%Other services include the advice  installations  project management  rentals  training  maintenance  and distant support. Work in progress (“WIP”) contracts are included in both categories.5.3.4. INFORMATION ON IMPORTANT CLIENTSOver the last 12 months  no external client of the company represented more than 10% of the revenue (similar in 2021).NOTE 5.4: EQUITY SECURITIESThe variance in number of treasury shares and outstanding warrants in the period is as follows:2022 2021 Number of own shares at January 1 925.140 928.207 Acquisition of own shares on the market - - Sale of own shares on the market - - Allocation to Employees Profit Sharing Plans -17.126 -3.067 Sale related to Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) and other transactions - - Number of own shares at December 31 908.014 925.140 Outstanding warrants at December 31 492.975 456.432In 2022  the Group did not repurchase own shares on the stock market. No shares were used to satisfy the exercise of warrants by employees.The Ordinary General Meeting of shareholders of May 17  2022 approved the allocation of 17.126 shares to EVS employees (grant of 56 shares to each staff member in proportion to their effective or assimilated time of occupation in 2021) as a reward for their contribution to the Group successes. The expense recorded in the consolidated income statement amounts to EUR 329k in 2022.NOTE 5.5: DIVIDENDSThe Ordinary General Meeting of May 17  2022  approved the payment of a total gross dividend of EUR 1.50 per share for the year 2021  which includes EUR 0.50 per share exceptional dividend to honor past commitments on dividend payout.For the year 2022  an interim dividend of EUR 0.50 per share was paid in November 2022. Full year dividend of EUR 1 60 per share will be proposed to the Ordinary General Meeting of shareholders  which also includes EUR 0.50 per share exceptional dividend to honor past commitments on dividend payout.(EUR thousands  gross) # Coupon Declaration date 2022 2021 - Final dividend for 2020(EUR 0 50 per share excl. treasury shares) 30 May 2021 - 6.699 - Interim dividend for 2021(EUR 0 50 per share excl. treasury shares) 31 Nov. 2021 - 6.701 - Final dividend for 2021 (incl. exceptional dividend)(EUR 1 00 per share excl. treasury shares) 32 May 2022 13.402 - Interim dividend for 2022(EUR 0 50 per share excl. treasury shares) 33 Nov. 2022 6.710 Total paid dividends 20.112 13.400A new dividend guidance for upcoming years has been issued early 2022 and is as follows*:In € per share per fiscal year 2022 2023 2024 Base dividend 1 10 1 10 1 10 Exceptional additional dividend 0 50 0 00 0 00 Total dividend 1 60 1 10 1 10*subject to market conditions and to the approval of the Ordinary General Meeting of ShareholdersNOTE 5.6: OTHER NET FINANCIAL INCOME / (EXPENSES)(EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 - Exchange results 1.393 1.117 - Fair value variation of financial instruments 324 -7 - Other financial results 76 144 Other net financial income / (expenses) 1.793 1.254The functional currency of EVS Broadcast Equipment SA as well as all subsidiaries is the Euro  except for EVS Inc. subsidiary in the USA whose functional currency is the US dollar. Entity Axon Digital Design LTD. in the UK changed functional currency from GBP to EUR starting as of July 1st 2022  following updated Management assesment driven by new implementation of EUR invoicing at the affiliate. The presentation currency of the consolidated financial statements of EVS Group is the Euro. For more information on exchange rates  see also the note 5.9. The favourable exchange result is mainly explained by the appreciation of USD vs. EUR in the period.The estimated fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are equal to their fair book values in the balance sheet.Since 2022  EVS systematically measures the Group’s anticipated exposure to transactional exchange risk  mainly relating to the EUR/USD risk. Given the Group has a long position in USD and based on revenue forecasts  EVS hedges future USD net inflows through forward or option foreign exchange contracts. The change in the fair value of the foreign exchange contracts is recorded directly to the income statement since the Group does not apply hedge accounting on these transactions. The valuation techniques used are mainly based on spot rates  forward rates and interest rate curves.On December 31  2022  the Group holds EUR/USD FX forward and option contracts for a total notional amount of USD 34 0 million with monthly maturities between January 2023 and June 2024. The fair value of those financial instruments on December 31  2022 amounts to EUR 0 3 million.NOTE 5.7: INCOME TAX EXPENSE(EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 - Current tax expense -569 -1.245 - Deferred tax expense -853 -1.552 Income tax expense -1.422 -2.797Income tax expense amounts to EUR 1 4 million for the full year 2022  compared to EUR 2 8 million in 2021. The decrease is mainly explained by lower taxable profit  tax relief of EUR 0 6 million received in December 2022 and decrease of the deferred tax expenses due to lower consumption of recoverable tax latencies (EUR 1 2 million in 2022 compared to 8 6 million in 2021).The effective tax rate for the period ended on December 31  2022 is 4 3%  compared to 7 5% in 2021.NOTE 5.8: HEADCOUNT(in full time equivalents) At December 31 2022 613 2021 551 Variation +62NOTE 5.9: EXCHANGE RATESThe main exchange rates that influence the consolidated financial accounts are USD/EUR and GBP/EUR which were considered as follows:Exchange rate USD/EUR Average FY At December 31 2022 1 0537 1 0666 2021 1 1830 1 1326 Variation -10 9% -5 8%Exchange rate GBP/EUR Average FY At December 31 2022 0 8527 0 8869 2021 0 8599 0 8403 Variation -0 7% 5 5%NOTE 5.10: INTANGIBLE ASSETSDuring 2022  intangible assets increased by EUR 7 1 million due to capitalization of internal development costs of EUR 8 4 million less depreciations of EUR 1 3 million.The capitalized costs during 2022 include mainly the internal personnel costs and external consultants’ costs. These costs are only related to the development phase of 2 important projects that should secure future growth for EVS.At the beginning of the period  the Group identified internal development projects  that for the first time of EVS Broadcast Equipment’s history fulfilled all the conditions to be capitalized according to IAS 38 Intangible assets. This ability arises after the implementation of extensive business cases  where R&D together with the solutions and sales departments perform an end-to-end exercise whereby objectives  costs  market analysis and return are clearly identified.These internal development projects consist of software that will be commercialized at the end of the development period (expected return on investment is scheduled for 2024). These 2 projects complement the PLAYForward strategy of the Group. The progress of these internal developments is monitored frequently as to ensure the future economic benefit remains assured.We refer to H1 2022 press release for the update of the accounting policy 2.11 related to the intagible assets applicable as of fiscal year 2022 and that replaces the accounting policy disclosed in 2021 annual report.NOTE 5.11: TANGIBLE ASSETSThe decrease of lands and buildings of EUR -2 1 million during 2022 is mainly explained by the depreciation of the period partially offset by investments in progress of EUR 0 5 million. The increase in other tangible assets of EUR 0 4 million is mainly driven by investments in office and IT equipment of EUR 1 1 million  net of the depreciation of the year of EUR 0 7 million.NOTE 5.12: FINANCIAL LIABILITIES(EUR thousands) 2022 2021 Long term financial debts Bank loans 1.675 2.779 Long term lease liabilities 9.853 10.775 Amount due within 12 months (shown under current liabilities) Bank loans 1.105 1.095 Short term lease liabilities 2.645 2.633 Total financial debt (short and long-term) 15.278 17.282 The total financial debt is repayable as follows: - within one year 3.750 3.728 - after one year but no more than five 8.676 9.673 - more than five years 2.852 3.881In June 2020  a loan of EUR 5 5 million was put in place with BNP Paribas Fortis to partially finance the acquisition of Axon. The repayment schedule foresees first repayment of EUR 0 6 million in 2020 and annual installments of EUR 1 1 million between 2021 and 2024  with final repayment of EUR 0 6 million in 2025 at loan maturity.For full year 2022  lease liabilities variation includes repayment of EUR 2 5 million  excluding interest of EUR 0 4 million.In June 2020  a roll over credit line of EUR 5 0 million was put in place with Belfius bank to partially finance the acquisition of Axon. This amortizing credit line will end at the latest on 30/06/2025. As of this date  EVS has not used this credit facility.NOTE 5.13: OTHER LIABILITIES - PENSIONOther long-term liabilities mainly correspond to pension obligations. Changes recorded in 2022 in the Belgian pension defined benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets were as follows:(EUR thousands) 2022 2021 Defined benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets Net defined benefit liability Defined benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets Net defined benefit liability As of January 1 10.587 -8.762 1.825 8.670 -7.686 984 Service cost 1.156 1.156 1.398 1.398 Administrative costs 28 28 18 18 Net interest expenses 120 -106 14 41 -38 3 Sub-total included in profit or loss 1.276 -78 1.198 1.439 -20 1.419 Benefits paid -179 179 0 -141 141 0 Return on plan assets -153 -153 -106 -106 Actuarial changes (assumptions) of which: Arising from changes in demographic assumptions 235 235 0 Arising from changes in financial assumptions -1.349 -1.349 -1.172 -1.172 Arising from experience adjustments -367 -350 -717 1.791 -69 1.722 Sub-total included in OCI -1.481 -350 -1.831 619 -69 550 Contributions by employer -1.078 -1.078 -1.128 -1.128 As of December 31 10.203 -10.089 114 10.587 -8.762 1.825The decrease in the net defined benefit liability of EUR -1 7 million is mainly driven by actuarial changes included in OCI arising from changes in financial assumptions of EUR -1 3 million (mainly increase in discount rate from 1 15% to 3 80%) and from experience adjustments of EUR -0 7 million  combined with employer contributions in the period of EUR -1 1 million and partially offset by service cost recorded in income statement of EUR 1 2 million.The main assumptions used for the actuarial valuation are as follows:Salary increase for financial year 2022 of 14 5% (5 7% in 2021)Discount rate p.a. of 3 8% (1 15% in 2021)Long term salary increase (inflation included) p.a. of 2 4% (2 1% in 2021)NOTE 5.14: FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICIESThe Group enters into derivative transactions  principally forward and option currency contracts  with the purpose to secure its sales and purchases in foreign currencies against negative variations of these currencies. The Group has transactional currency exposure arising from sales or purchases by operating entities in currencies other than the Group’s functional currency. Foreign currency risk is described in note 5.14.1.The Group’s main financial instruments  other than derivatives  comprise bank loans  finance leases  cash and short-term deposits. The purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has other financial instruments such as trade debtors and trade creditors  which arise directly from its operations. The Group’s policy is  and has always been  that no trading in financial instruments shall be undertaken. Credit risk is described in note 5.14.2.5.14.1 FOREIGN CURRENCY RISKSince 2022  EVS systematically measures the Group’s anticipated exposure to transactional exchange risk over six to eighteen months. In its current structure  the Group’s exposure is mainly linked to the EUR/USD risk. The Group invoices all clients in Euro  except in the United States where invoices are denominated in USD. Since the majority of operating expenses are denominated in Euro  the Group has a long position in USD  i.e. all of the Group’s activities generate globally a positive net cash flow in USD.On the basis of the forecasts and according to the market conditions  the Group hedges a portion of the exchange rate risk on estimated net future flows  mainly through foreign exchange forward and option contracts. EVS does not apply hedge accounting according to IAS 39 for those transactions.Foreign exchange contracts are revalued at each closing date at their market value. The generated exchange rate profit or loss is recorded in the “Other net financial income/(charges)” account in the consolidated income statement. The valuation techniques used are mainly based on spot rates  forward rates and interest rate curves. Details of fair value at closing date are presented in note 5.6.5.14.2 CREDIT RISKCredit exposure is controlled and reviewed regularly by the management.Trade receivables consist of a large number of customers  spread across many geographical areas. The evolution of the credit risk is monitored permanently. As of December 31  2022  it is assumed that the carrying amounts of those trade receivables are the most appropriate estimate to the fair value of those assets.The credit risk on financial instruments is contained as it is spread over a selection of different counterparties which are financial institutions with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies.As of December 31  2022  the maximum amount the Group could have to pay if guarantees are called on is EUR 0 8 million (similar to EUR 0 8 million in December 2021).NOTE 5.15: SUBSEQUENT EVENTSThere are no subsequent events that may have a material impact on the condensed financial statements of the Group.NOTE 5.16: RISK AND UNCERTAINTIESInvesting in the stock of EVS involves risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties relating to the current year are similar to the risks and uncertainties that have been identified by the management of the company and that are listed in the management report of the annual report (available at www.evs.com).In terms of new risks arising since the last annual report we highlight the macro-economic environment that drives energy prices  components prices and labour cost to higher levels. EVS closely monitors the developments in this area and pro-actively takes actions to keep these rising costs under control or to minimize their effect on the profitability of the company. We also reiterate the potential impacts following the war in Ukraine. The company continues to comply with the sanction screening in vigor.Certification of responsible personsSerge Van Herck  CEO*Veerle De Wit  CFO*Certify that  based on their knowledge a) the condensed financial statements  prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the European Union  fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer and the companies included in the consolidation b) the Directors’ report fairly presents the important events and related parties transactions of 2022  including their impact on the condensed financial statements  and a description of the existing risks and uncertainties for the remaining months of the fiscal year.* acting on behalf of a BVExternal AuditorThe condensed consolidated financial statements of EVS Broadcast SA for the year ending December 31  2022 were authorized of issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors on February 16  2023. EY réviseurs d’Entreprises represented by Carlo-Sébastien d’Addario has confirmed that their audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material adjustments which would have to be made to the accounting information included in this press release. The complete audit report related to the audit of the consolidated financial statements will be shown in 2022 annual report that will be published in April 2023.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.1,0.19,True,English,"['EVS REPORTS 2022 RESULTS', '2H21 Variance FY22 FY21 Variance Revenue', 'Big Event Rental (BER) activity', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'recent “Top Employer” certification', 'Live Service Providers markets', 'Comments Serge Van Herck', 'Big Event Rental revenue', 'team member engagement survey', 'strong financial income performance', 'Media Infrastructure revenue growth', 'strong net profit result', 'Live Audience Business', 'live TV production', 'Big Tech 2022 contract', 'Big Tech 22 contract', 'strong employer branding', 'capital expenditure envelope', 'team member size', 'The Axon acquisition', 'customer ticketing system', 'historical revenue number', 'major sports events', 'VIA Portal applications', 'record-high order intake', 'important order intake', 'Healthy net profit', 'current market dynamics', 'Record order intake', 'expected growth momentum', 'total order book', 'sustainable growth ambitions', 'long-term growth ambitions', 'order intake results', 'second record year', 'FY22 Highlights', 'record revenue', 'Revenue performance', 'CEO comments', 'strong growth', 'revenue guidance', 'revenue range', 'strong talent', 'strong ecosystem', 'topline performance', 'largest contract', 'second half', 'team members', '10,6 Gross profit', 'Operating profit', 'VIA platform', 'major differentiator', 'market opening', 'OPEX growth', 'organic growth', 'growth engine', 'profitable growth', 'significant growth', 'English French', 'Regulated information', 'Press release', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Liège', 'delivery terms', 'North America', 'MediaInfra solution', 'one-off benefit', '2H22 Highlights', 'same period', 'future periods', 'base dividend', 'Key figures', 'Operating margin', 'PlayForward strategy', 'component shortages', 'Middle East', 'good progress', 'solution sales', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'large acquisitions', 'new ERP', 'annual results', 'market expectations', 'market share', 'last year', 'successful year', 'EVS BB', 'Group share', 'solid Earnings', 'bottom line', '2022 results', 'Publication', 'February', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'fundamentals', 'consequence', 'taxes', 'Outlook', 'beginning', 'focus', 'increase', 'dividends', 'policy', 'EBIT', 'EPS', 'revenues', 'August', 'inflation', 'position', 'customers', 'Asia', 'world', 'improvements', 'years', 'vision', 'introduction', 'XtraMotion', 'revolution', 'industry', 'May', 'capability', 'commitments']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18718,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000154.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 16 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.2139 £ 23.9792 Estimated MTD return -0.18 % -0.13 % Estimated YTD return -2.00 % -1.83 % Estimated ITD return 172.14 % 139.79 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.42 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.7094 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.9798The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18719,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000206.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 16 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.2139 £ 23.9792 Estimated MTD return -0.18 % -0.13 % Estimated YTD return -2.00 % -1.83 % Estimated ITD return 172.14 % 139.79 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.42 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.7094 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.9798The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18720,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVS-BROADCAST-EQUIPMENT-S-5999/news/EVS-REPORTS-2022-RESULTS-43013564/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,EVS REPORTS 2022 RESULTS,(marketscreener.com) Publication on February 17  2023  before market openingRegulated information – Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels   Bloomberg   Reuters EVS reports 2022 results Liège  Belgium  February 17th  2023 …,"EVS REPORTS 2022 RESULTS 02/17/2023 | 12:31am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Publication on February 17  2023  before market openingRegulated information – Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR) EVS reports 2022 results Liège  Belgium  February 17th  2023 EVS delivers record revenue and order intake results The results of 2022 are entirely supporting the growth ambitions of EVS. All the fundamentals for topline performance are strong: EVS realizes a record-high order intake and achieves a historical revenue number  despite the increased delivery terms in 2022. EVS is able to demonstrate a strong net profit result and as a consequence  realizes a solid Earnings Per Share. FY22 Highlights Record order intake at EUR 218 8 million  growing 46 5% YoY.Revenue performance in line with expectations at EUR 148 2 million  growing 7 7% vs. FY21 despite increased delivery terms announced early 2022 and despite reduced Big Event Rental (BER) activity. The growth is realized through strong growth in North America and in the MediaInfra solution.Controlled OPEX growth  in line with market expectations.Healthy net profit at EUR 31 3 million driven by a strong financial income performance and a one-off benefit in taxes  resulting in fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2 29. 2H22 Highlights Record order intake of EUR 130 1 million (including Big Tech 2022 contract).Revenue for the second half of 2022 at EUR 80 5 million  growing 6 1% compared to the same period last year. Big Event Rental revenue at EUR 4 2 million  down EUR 4 9 million compared to 2H21. Revenue excluding Big Event Rental at EUR 76 3 million  growing EUR 9 5 million.Net profit amounts to EUR 15 9 million  leading to fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 1 14.Outlook 2023 The important order intake of 2022 has considerably fueled the order book to be delivered in future periods. The total order book at the end of 2022 is of EUR 141 8 million  growing 122% compared to last year. The order book reserved for 2023 is estimated at EUR 85 9 million  growing 68 4% compared to beginning of the year 2022.Based on the order book and current market dynamics  the revenue guidance for the year 2023 is set at EUR 145-155 million.The revenue range demonstrates the ambition of EVS to continue the organic growth  in a year with no Big Event Rental revenue.With the growth engine launched  the focus in 2023 for EVS will be on profitable growth.EVS plans no further growth in team members nor do we expect an increase in our capital expenditure envelope.We expect to pay out dividends in 2023 in line with our dividend policy  namely a base dividend per share of EUR 1 10. Key figures EUR millions  except earnings per share expressed in EUR 2H22 2H21 Variance FY22 FY21 Variance Revenue 80 5 75 8 4 7 148 2 137 6 10 6 Gross profit 53 0 53 2 -0 2 98 8 95 8 3 0 Gross margin % 65 8% 70 3% -4 5 Pts 66 7% 69 6% -2 9 Pts Operating profit – EBIT 16 0 21 7 -5 7 31 7 37 1 -5 4 Operating margin – EBIT % 19 9% 28 6% -8 7 Pts 21 4% 27 0% -5 6 Pts Net profit (Group share) 15 9 19 3 -3 5 31 3 34 9 -3 6 Fully diluted EPS (Group share) 1 14 1 42 -0 28 2 29 2 57 -0 28 Comments Serge Van Herck  CEO comments: “I’m proud to say that 2022 was again quite a successful year for EVS. Our PlayForward strategy  as defined at the end of 2019  is starting to deliver the expected growth momentum. In 2022  we had a second record year in a row  with strong growth in revenues  order intake  and team member size. We showed significant growth in North America  announced our largest contract ever in August with the ""Big Tech 22 contract” worth over 50MioUSD  and successfully fought against inflation and component shortages throughout the year. We feel we are winning market share in our Live Audience Business and protecting our position in the Live Service Providers markets. We successfully supported many of our customers in delivering the live TV production of major sports events in Asia  the Middle East  and North America. The growth of our team is clearly unlocking our sustainable growth ambitions. Our strong employer branding has enabled us to successfully hire strong talent across the world. Our team member engagement survey shows again further improvements compared to the years before  resulting in our recent “Top Employer” certification. We are making good progress in our vision of developing a strong ecosystem relying on our VIA platform as we are successfully moving from product to solution sales. Our introduction of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in XtraMotion is a revolution in the industry and it represents a major differentiator. The Axon acquisition in May 2020 has translated into our Media Infrastructure revenue growth and positively contributes to our bottom line  demonstrating our capability to execute successfully large acquisitions. We have also launched our new ERP and upgraded our VIA Portal applications such as our customer ticketing system to support our long-term growth ambitions. In line with our commitments  we continued to deliver strong dividends for our shareholders. Our sustainability strategy has started to deliver strong results aligned with our customer’s expectations  and resulting in good ESG ratings like the Ecovadis Silver medal. We completed our first carbon footprint analysis: this will be a critical management tool for taking the right sustainability decisions in the future. In conclusion  our PlayForward strategy  is clearly being appreciated by our customers and channel partners. This is helping us to get back into growth mode. While economic market conditions remain very challenging with high inflation  component shortages and with the war in Ukraine  we feel that our customers increasingly appreciate the reliability  performance and innovative edge of our solutions and services. Our ambition for the next years is to continue to deliver growth on both our top and bottomline. We are convinced that by focusing on cost control we will be able to deliver upon this promise.” Commenting on the results and the outlook  Veerle De Wit  CFO  said: “Our 2022 revenue results clearly demonstrate our ability to achieve organic growth. Even despite increased delivery terms  announced early 2022  and with a declining Big Event Rental revenue  we are able to realize a strong top line performance. All indicators lead us to conclude that this organic growth is here to stay: the revenue performance  together with the strong secured revenue position for 2023  are a solid basis to continue our growth path. Being a company in growth mode  means that the necessary resources need to be invested to support this growth: 2022 has been a year where we invested in additional resources  in new product developments  and in the back-bone of our operations. This backbone  a globally released new ERP system  has allowed us to optimize our processes and refine our cost control. As a result  the granularity of our reporting is improving  which has led to a decision to write off EUR 0 7 million of Bill of Material costs in 4Q22. Our operational expenses grew in a controlled way. Control over our spending patterns remains an attention point for 2023  especially in the current volatile market. Thanks to sound treasury management and tax benefits  we are able to generate a strong Net Profit worth EUR 31 3 million  driving a diluted Earnings Per Share of EUR 2 29. Our balance sheet also remains healthy with a very low debt level and a sound cash position. Our cash position is declining throughout 2022  as a consequence of high dividends paid  and as a consequence on increased Net Working Capital requirements. The impact on Net Working Capital is temporary: the implementation of the new ERP system has created a delay in invoicing in the fourth quarter – the quarter with the highest volume – resulting in a large volume of receivables not due at the end of 2022. This is a temporary effect  that will normalize early in 2023  as soon as the invoices become due. Based on the strong results for the year 2022  we are able to maintain our dividend policy defined earlier in 2022.” Market & customers The record high numbers in terms of revenues  order intake and order book translate the market traction that EVS is living. Our main growth drivers are North America and Media Infrastructure. The performance of our MediaInfra solution clearly demonstrates the power of our acquisition strategy. It is the fruit of our investment in Axon in 2020  and this acquisition demonstrates its return on investment 2 years later. The high order intake is also thanks to our biggest contract signed in the history of EVS: our Big Tech 2022. This contract proved an exceptional milestone in the history of EVS. This contract is a 10-year agreement that covers the delivery of EVS’ live production  replay and highlight solutions LiveCeption®  combined with a long-term services level agreement. The contract provides our US based customer access to the latest technology innovations for the next 10 years  a full upgrade of its installed base  a predictable operational spend and an ease of operations. 2022 was a year with important Big Events  that EVS was able to support successfully. New solutions  like MediaHub and MediaInfra Strada  were introduced in our Big Event Rental business with success. Market conditions have been challenging throughout the year  with volatile interest rates  inflation and a continued erratic components market. This volatile market has urged EVS to implement a systemic price increase policy. Twice a year the sales prices are evaluated based on the underlying cost for components and inflation of labour cost. EVS has introduced 2 price increases in 2022: a first one in February 2022  and a second one in September 2022. The price increase policy aims to guarantee the overall profitability of the solutions of EVS. The erratic components market also forced EVS to extend its delivery periods early 2022 and to change the supply chain approach. However  as most components suffer longer lead-times  EVS has pro-actively invested in inventory to ensure these delivery terms are met. EVS has received many awards in 2022  and this for different business dimensions. Ranging from technology awards (Neuron Protect Best of Show Award at the NAB Show)  to Wallonia International Business Awards  to IABM Environmental Sustainability award  to Top Employer Certification 2023. Three years after the PLAYForward strategic exercise that has moved the focus from products to solutions  we can confidently say that this solution driven approach is highly appreciated by our customers and contributes to the differentiation reflected in the order book. Technologies During 2022  new generation of AI products did surface on the market. EVS continues to invest in the development of specific machine learning algorithms for broadcast specific components and also integrates in parallel existing AI technologies or libraries inside the solution portfolio or the workflows deployed for our customers. EVS also further developed and evangelized this year the concept of “Balanced computing” as the best distribution of the computing workload between on-prem  datacenter and public cloud based on the economic benefits and the technical constraints for a specific workflow. This concept has been well received by the market where some players start to discover the limitations in terms of feature and the significant impact on Total Cost of Ownership for the production of premium events. EVS also currently invests in the development of important solution components that will be later embraced in the different solutions. Thanks to the capability to track the benefits brought by these components in the future  these developments are activated. These developments will contribute to the future sustainable growth of EVS. Corporate topics 2022 marks the moment where the Axon acquisition really starts to pay off for EVS. The initial assumptions made in terms of greographical expansion of the market are becoming a reality. Also the developments made to ensure end-to-end integration with EVS products demonstrate the complementarity of this company within the EVS portfolio. It comforts us in our Acquisition strategy and our ability to integrate companies. One of the axes of the PLAYforward strategy is improving our internal way of working. As a company we want to ensure that we have efficient processes in place that promote end-to-end collabration across all our departments. Having an efficient operational back-bone is important in that context. In October 2022  EVS launched a new global ERP system to ensure optimimal functioning of our company. The launch was a success and did not cause any major business interruption: shipping  production and support were active as of day 1. We now have a solid base to continously optimize our processes and ensure an optimal team member and customer experience. Speaking about improved processes  2022 is also the year where we first implemented a systemic listprice adjustment. The market conditions require a clear methodology to offset the impact of rising component prices and increasing inflation over labour costs. EVS now evaluates the need for price adjustments twice a year to protect the margin generation of the company. 2022 is also the year where we continue to expand our sustainability efforts in terms of ESG. After a first hollistic report published in 2021  we continue to structure our efforts in terms of sustainability. Our current ESG strategy and reporting has already received postive feedback from the market: we received a silver medal from Ecovadis  obtained encouriging score from other rating companies and recently obtained the certification of Top Employer for 2023. By the end of 2022  we also realized our first EVS Carbon Footprint analysis: it provides us not only insight on our direct and indirect CO2 emissions  but most importantly  helps us to define our roadmap to reduce our carbon footprint in the future. EVS also reinvented the way it collaborates with its channel partners. A structured channel partner program has been developed  focused on sustainable relationships with partners more than on opportunistic market responses  starting to develop certification paths and clear objectives. This program allows EVS to reach a broader set of clients and even penetrate new markets. Being a company in growth mode  EVS further invested in additional team members. Additional resources were primarily allocated to support and operations roles  as to fuel our future growth  and some research and development resources  as to staff some important developments ensuring future growth. Thanks to a strong employer branding  EVS was able to attract this high number of talents in a relatively short time frame. Also to support our future growth ambition  EVS further strengthened its leadership team  early 2022. A new CTO  Alex Redfern  was welcomed and Xavier Orri was named EVP of Projects & Operations. Revenue in 2H22 and FY22 In 2H22  EVS revenue reached EUR 80 5 million: an increase of EUR 4 7 million or 6 2% compared to 2H21  despite a drop of EUR 4 2 million on Big Event Rentals. At constant currency  revenue decreased by 1.6% YoY. Revenue – EUR millions 2H22 2H21 2H22/2H21 Total reported 80 5 75 8 6 0% Total at constant currency 74 7 75 8 -1.6% Total at constant currency and excluding big event rentals 70 5 66 8 5.6% For the full year 2022  EVS revenue reached EUR 148 2 million: an increase of EUR 10 6 million or 7 7% compared to 2021  despite a drop of EUR 3 7 million on Big Event Rentals and despite an increased delivery term announced early 2022. This performance demonstrates the organic growth realized in 2022. At constant currency  revenue increased by 3 5% YoY. Revenue – EUR millions FY22 FY21 FY22/FY21 Total reported 148 158 137 578 7 7% Total at constant currency 142 382 137 578 3.5% Total at constant currency and excluding big event rentals 132 532 124 044 6.8% Currency fluctuations primarily impact EVS revenues by the EUR/USD conversion  which can have a significant impact on our results even if EUR/USD fluctuations also impact the cost of our US operations and partially our cost of goods sold. In the second half of the year  (excl. Big Event Rentals) LSP represented 40% (31% in 2H21) of the revenue  LAB 55% (57% in 2H21). Geographically  revenues (excl. Big Event Rentals) are distributed in 2H22 as follows: Europe  Middle East and Africa (EMEA): EUR 39 1 million (EUR 31 7 million in 2H21)EUR 39 1 million (EUR 31 7 million in 2H21) Americas (NALA): EUR 25 9 million (EUR 21 7 million in 2H21)EUR 25 9 million (EUR 21 7 million in 2H21) Asia & Pacific (APAC): EUR 11 3 million (EUR 13 4 million in 2H21)  impacted by the slowdown in the region following COVID implications (primarily in China). The order intake for APAC in 2H22 do recomfort us that this trend can be reversed.Overall 2022 results Consolidated gross margin was at 66 7% for FY22  compared to 69 6% in FY21 (-2 9 Pts) explained by different drivers: Important investments in the operations & support department to ensure we continue to deliver quality support all over the world  in line with our growth patterns (representing -1 4 Pts)Impact of the change in solution mix is representing -1.1 Pts following the relative weight of Media Infrastructure in the overall portfolio.Write-off worth EUR 0 7 million linked to bill of material costs  following more granuler inventory reporting thanks to optimized processes in our new ERP (-0 4 Pts)In order to maintain gross profit levels  the impact of cost price increases and inflation have been systematically modeled by corresponding sales price increases. This has resulted primarily in improved margins for our Media Infrastructure and MediaCeption solutions. Operating expenses increased by 11% YoY (remaining below the guidance provided) explained by inflation on labour cost and energy prices and post-COVID spending patterns impacting spend for travel  marketing  … EVS did also invest in additional Research & Development resources in 2022  both through internal engagements as well as external contracts. These additional resources were staffed on 2 important developments  recognized as intangible assets in 2022. The associated spend was therefore capitalised on the balance sheet. Overall EBIT performance is of EUR 31 7 million  generating an EBIT margin of 21 4%. The net profit ends at EUR 31 3 million benefiting from a strong financial income following pro-active cash flow management and low income taxes (EUR 1 4 million compared to EUR 2 8 million last year) resulting from an excess in tax paid in 2021 and various tax latencies linked to prior years. The net profit leads to a fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2 29 (versus EUR 2 57 in 2021). Overall second half 2022 results The gross profit margin in 2H22 was of 65 9% compared to 70 3% in the same period last year. The drop is a consequence of lesser revenue from Big Event Rentals and a higher weight of Media Infrastructure solution in the overall mix. In addition  the impact of the hirings done in 2022 to ensure continued quality operations and support affect the comparison. Operating expenses grew 13.8% in 2H22  compared to the same period last year and are a reflection of post-COVID spending patterns and impact of inflation. The 2H22 EBIT margin was 19 8%  compared to 28 6% in 2H21: the EBIT margin is dropping primarily following investments in the past 12 months to support our growth pattern. The Group net profit amounted to EUR 15 9 million in 2H22  compared to EUR 19 3 million in 2H21. Fully diluted earnings per share amounted to EUR 1 14 in 2H22 compared to EUR 1 42 in 2H21. Team members At the end of 2022  EVS employed 613 team members (FTE). This is an increase by 62 team members compared to the end of 2021 (551 FTE). This increase in team members reflects our continued investments in the growth of EVS. We expect no further growth of our team member base in 2023  and we will ensure that we balance the priorities of EVS with the existing workforce. Balance sheet and cash flow statement EVS continues to have a strong balance sheet with net cash position of EUR 33 8 million with low debt level (of which EUR 12 5 million related to IFRS 16) resulting in a total equity representing 75 4% of the total balance sheet as of the end of 2022. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents (EUR -23 1 million) compared to end of 2021 is mainly driven by the dividends paid in May and November (including exceptional additional dividend)  combined with the increase in working capital requirements at the end of 2022. The working capital requirements are growing  primarily linked to growing trade receivables. The trade receivables evolve largely in line with our overall sales volumes. 71% of our trade receivables is not due at year-end  with a large volume of invoices issued in the second half of the fourth quarter  given a temporary hold of invoicing operations after the Go-Live of our new ERP system. We expect these trade receivales to restore in 1Q23. A sound cash position remains a priority for EVS. Other intangible assets include the costs for internal development capitalized during 2022 according to IAS 38 (Intangible assets). Lands and building mainly include the headquarters in Liège as well as the right of use for the offices abroad (IFRS16). Inventories amount to EUR 28 8 million  an increase of EUR 2 8 million compared to the beginning of the year as a reflection of a pro-active supply chain management to ensure we systematically meet our customers’ delivery terms. Liabilities include EUR 15 3 million of financial debt (including long term and short-term portion)  mainly related to the lease liabilities for EUR 12 5 million and borrowings for EUR 2 8 million. Long-term provisions include the provision for technical warranty on EVS products for labor and parts. Other amounts payable mainly represent deferred income and advance payments received from customers on contracts in progress. Net cash from operating activities amounts to EUR 11 0 million for the full year 2022  compared to EUR 38 7 million in 2021. The decrease is mainly driven by higher working capital requirements resulting from higher trade receivables (as described above) and lower trade payables  combined with lower net profit. On December 31  2022  cash and cash equivalents total EUR 49 1 million  compared to EUR 72 1 million at the end of 2021. The decrease is mainly driven by lower cash from operating activities  combined with the increase of the net cash used in investing activities mainly due to the investments in intangible and tangible assets (specifically in the internal development of intangible assets) together with the increase of the net cash used in financing activities following the higher amount of dividends distributed during 2022  including the exceptional dividend. At the end of December 2022  there were 14.327.024 EVS shares outstanding  of which 908.014 were owned by the company. At the same date  492.975 warrants were outstanding with average exercise price of EUR 16 95 and maturities between October 2026 and September 2028. Corporate update There has been no further change to the composition of the Board of Directors since the last General Assembly on May 17th during which the shareholders had appointed two new directors  Frédéric Vincent and Marco Miserez  both for a period of 4 years. The Board of Directors is currently composed of seven directors: Johan Deschuyffeleer   independent director & President (representing The House of Value BVBA);  independent director & President (representing The House of Value BVBA); Michel Counson   managing director;  managing director; Martin De Prycker   independent director (representing InnoConsult BVBA);  independent director (representing InnoConsult BVBA); Chantal De Vrieze   independent director (representing 7 Capital SRL);  independent director (representing 7 Capital SRL); Frédéric Vincent   independent director;  independent director; Marco Miserez   independent director; and  independent director; and Anne Cambier  independent director (representing Accompany You SRL)Glossary Term Definition Secured revenue Revenue already recognized as well as open orders on hand that will be recognized as revenue in the fiscal year Order book <date> Revenues planned to be recognized after the <date> based on current orders. LAB market pillar LAB – Live Audience BusinessRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to create content for their own purposeThis market pillar covers the following types of customers: Broadcasters  Stadium  House of Worship  Corporate Media Centers  Sports organizations  Government & institutions  University & Colleges LSP market pillar LSP – Live Service ProvidersRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to serve “LAB customers”This market pillar covers the following types of customers: Rental & facilities companies  Production companies  Freelance operators  Technology partners & system integrators buying for their own purpose BER market pillar BER – Big Event RentalRevenue from major non-yearly big event rental.This market pillar covers the following types of customers: host broadcasters for major events. In case of discrepancies between the English and the French Version  the English Version prevails. Conference call EVS will hold a conference call in English today at 3.30 pm CET for financial analysts and institutional investors. Other interested parties may join the call in a listen-only mode. The presentation used during the conference call will be available shortly before the call on the EVS website. Participants must register for the conference using the link provided below. Upon registering  each participant will be provided with Participant Dial In Numbers  Direct Event Passcode and unique Registrant ID. 1. Online registration: https://register.vevent.com/register/BIe156e14a79604a6984c8fb06a38e3c27 2. Webcast Player URL: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/yzt4d6v8 Corporate Calendar May 16th  2023: General Assembly May 17th  2023: Q1 2023 Trading update August 18th  2023: H1 2023 results November 17th  2023: Q3 2023 Trading update For more information  please contact: VEERLE DE WIT EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  Belgium Tel: +32 4 361 70 00 | E-mail: corpcom@evs.com | Website: www.evs.com Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. About EVS EVS is globally recognized as leader in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Our passion and purpose are to help our clients craft immersive stories that trigger the best return on emotion. Through a wide range of products and solutions  we deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news content to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time. The company is headquartered in Belgium with around 620 employees in offices in Europe  the Middle East  Asia and North America  and provides sales and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Condensed Interim Consolidated financial information ANNEX 1: condensed consolidated income statement (EUR thousands) Notes FY22 FY21 2H22 2H21 Revenue 5.3 148.158 137.578 80.486 75.799 Cost of sales -49.314 -41.764 -27.473 -22.543 Gross profit 98.844 95.814 53.013 53.256 Gross margin % 66 7% 69 6% 65 9% 70 3% Selling and administrative expenses -39.815 -32.392 -22.532 -17.555 Research and development expenses -26.267 -27.088 -14.368 -14.867 Other income 200 1.108 150 1.057 Other expenses -607 -114 -121 -71 Profit-sharing plan and warrants -643 -232 -169 -107 Operating profit (EBIT) 31.712 37.096 15.973 21.713 Operating margin (EBIT) % 21 4% 27 0% 19 8% 28 6% Interest revenue on loans and deposits 106 51 76 -17 Interest charges -912 -893 -439 -446 Other net financial income / (expenses) 5.6 1.793 1.254 -146 932 Share in the result of the enterprise accounted for using the equity method 67 193 -10 -20 Profit before taxes (PBT) 32.766 37.701 15.454 22.162 Income taxes 5.7 -1.422 -2.797 442 -2.853 Net profit 31.344 34.904 15.896 19.309 Attributable to : Non-controlling interest - - - - Share of the Group 31.344 34.904 15.896 19.309 EARNINGS PER SHARE (in number of shares and in EUR) FY22 FY21 2H22 2H21 Weighted average number of subscribed shares for the period less treasury shares 13.411.972 13.400.624 13.419.010 13.401.884 Weighted average fully diluted number of shares 13.681.084 13.587.624 13.768.895 13.588.884 Basic earnings – share of the Group 2 34 2 60 1 19 1 44 Fully diluted earnings – share of the Group (1) 2 29 2 57 1 14 1 42 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 2H22 2H21 Net profit 31.344 34.904 15.896 19.309 Other comprehensive income of the period Currency translation differences 324 475 -231 276 Total of recyclable elements 324 475 -231 276 Difference on opening 460 - 460 - Gains / (losses) on remeasurement of defined benefit obligations  net of tax 1.373 -412 440 -412 Total of non-recyclable elements  net of tax 1.833 -412 900 -412 Total other comprehensive income of the period  net of tax 2.157 63 669 -136 Total comprehensive income for the period 33.501 34.967 16.565 19.173 Attributable to : Non controlling interest - - - - Share of the Group 33.501 34.967 16.565 19.173 (1) The diluted earnings per share does include: 187.000 warrants attributed in October 2020  of which 154.250 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with maturity in October 2026; 158.600 warrants attributed in June 2021  of which 155.350 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with maturity in June 2027; and 183.375 warrants attributed in September 2022  all outstanding and with a maturity in September 2028. ANNEX 2: condensed statement of financial position (balance sheet) ASSETS(EUR thousands) Notes Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2021 Non-current assets: Goodwill 2.832 2.832 Other intangible assets 5.10 13.215 6.113 Lands and buildings 5.11 50.543 52.673 Other tangible assets 5.11 4.691 4.307 Investment accounted for using equity method 1.922 1.920 Other amounts receivables 3.647 2.408 Deferred tax assets 4.622 5.933 Financial assets 512 404 Total non-current assets 81.984 76.590 Current assets: Inventories 28.786 25.951 Trade receivables 61.655 38.924 Other amounts receivable  deferred charges and accrued income 11.566 6.417 Financial assets 174 201 Cash and cash equivalents 49.051 72.144 Total current assets 151.232 143.637 Total assets 233.216 220.227 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES(EUR thousands) Notes Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2021 Equity: Capital 8.772 8.772 Reserves 183.390 170.570 Treasury shares -17.447 -17.776 Total consolidated reserves 165.943 152.794 Translation differences 1.075 751 Equity  attributable to the owners of the parent 175.790 162.317 Non-controlling interest - - Total equity 5.4 175.790 162.317 Provisions 1.637 1.502 Deferred taxes liabilities 10 11 Financial debts 5.12 11.528 13.554 Other debts 5.13 120 1.825 Non-current liabilities 13.295 16.892 Financial debts 5.12 3.750 3.728 Trade payables 9.207 10.497 Amounts payable regarding remuneration and social security 11.219 10.658 Income tax payable 1.959 2.586 Other amounts payable  advances received  accrued charges and deferred income 5.6 17.996 13.549 Current liabilities 44.131 41.018 Total equity and liabilities 233.216 220.227 ANNEX 3: condensed statement of cash flows (EUR thousands) Notes FY22 FY21 Cash flows from operating activities Net profit  share of the Group 31.344 34.904 Adjustment for: - Depreciation and write-offs on fixed assets 6.738 7.015 - Profit-sharing plan and warrants 5.4 642 232 - Provisions 212 417 - Income tax expense (+) / Income (-) 1.422 2.797 - Net financial expense (+) / income (-) -987 -412 - Share of the result of entities accounted for under the equity method -67 -193 Adjustment for changes in working capital items: - Inventories -2.834 -3.372 - Trade receivables -23.970 -10.061 - Other amounts receivable  deferred charges and accrued income -3.889 -430 - Trade payables -1.290 4.722 - Amounts payable regarding remuneration and social security 541 3.653 - Other amounts payable  advances received  accrued charges  and deferred income 4.776 -263 - Conversion differences 803 813 Cash generated from operations 13.441 39.822 Income taxes received / (paid) 5.7 -2.469 -1.112 Net cash from operating activities 10.972 38.710 Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of intangible assets -8.770 -234 Purchase of tangible assets (lands and building and other tangible assets) -1.101 -1.357 Other financial assets -102 3 Net cash used in investing activities -9.973 -1.588 Cash flows from financing activities Reimbursement of borrowings 5.12 -1.095 -1.086 Payment of lease liabilities -2.828 -3.417 Interests paid -688 -566 Interests received 75 13 Dividend received from investee 64 - Dividend paid -20.112 -13.400 Net cash used in financing activities -24.584 -18.456 Net increase / decrease in cash and cash equivalents -23.585 18.666 Net foreign exchange difference 492 810 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 72.144 52.668 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 49.051 72.144 ANNEX 4: condensed statement of change in equity (EUR thousands) Capital Reserves Treasury shares Currency translation differences Equity share of the Group Non-controlling interest Total equity Balance as per January 1  2021 8.772 149.309 -17.835 276 140.522 - 140.522 Profit or loss 34.904 34.904 34.904 Other comprehensive income -412 475 63 63 Total comprehensive income for the period 34.492 475 34.967 34.967 Share-based payments 232 232 232 Operations with treasury shares 59 59 59 Final dividend -6.699 -6.699 -6.699 Interim dividend -6.701 -6.701 -6.701 Other allocation -63 -63 -63 Balance as per December 31  2021 8.772 170.570 -17.776 751 162.317 - 162.317 (EUR thousands) Capital Reserves Treasury shares Currency translation differences Equity share of the Group Non-controlling interest Total equity Balance as per January 1  2022 8.772 170.570 -17.776 751 162.317 - 162.317 Profit or loss 31.344 31.344 31.344 Other comprehensive income 1.833 324 2.157 2.157 Total comprehensive income for the period 33.117 324 33.501 33.501 Share-based payments 581 581 581 Operations with treasury shares -329 329 - - Final dividend -13.402 -13.402 -13.402 Interim dividend -6.710 -6.710 -6.710 Other allocation -497 -497 -497 Balance as per December 31  2022 8.772 183.390 -17.447 1.075 175.790 - 175.790 ANNEX 5: notes to the consolidated financial statements NOTE 5.1: BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The consolidated financial statements of EVS Group for the 12 month-period ended December 31  2022  are established and presented in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  as adopted for use in the European Union. The accounting framework and standards adopted by the European Commission can be accessed through the following link on the website: http://ec.europa.eu/finance/company-reporting/index_en.htm. The condensed interim financial statements of the Group for the 12 month-period ending December 31  2022  were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on February 16  2023. This interim report only provides an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes in financial position and reporting since the last annual reporting period and should therefore be read in conjunction with the full 2022 consolidated financial statements from which these condensed financial statements have been derived and which are planned to be published on EVS Group’s website by April 14  2023. The interim condensed financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis. NOTE 5.2.1: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND METHODS These condensed interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting  as issued by the IASB  and as adopted by the EU. The accounting policies and methods adopted for the preparation of the company's IFRS consolidated financial statements are consistent with those applied in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. The company’s IFRS accounting policies and methods are available in the 2021 annual report on www.evs.com  except for the accounting policy on intangible assets which include the capitalization of development cost for the first time (see note 5.10) as well as the new  amended or revised IFRS standards and IFRIC Interpretations that have been in effect since January 1  2022. The adoption of these new  amended or revised pronouncements did not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. NOTE 5.2.2: JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES Impacts of current market volatility and macroeconomic developmentsThe impacts of the current market volatility and macroeconomic developments were taken into account by the company to assess potential effects on EVS’s financial performance and the valuation of its assets and liabilities. In particular  key assumptions used in the calculation of the pension obligations have been reviewed to ensure a proper valuation as per 31 December 2022. Also  the key assumptions that are used for estimating the recoverable amounts of cash generating units in the context of goodwill impairment test reflect latest market conditions for interest rates and weighted average cost of capital Estimation of useful life and residual valueProperty  Plant and Equipment are depreciated using a straight-line method to allocate their depreciable amount on a systematic basis over their useful life. For the headquarter building in Liège  the depreciable amount is the cost less its estimated residual value. Useful life and residual value of an asset is estimated on a realistic basis based on the experience of the Group with similar assets and reviewed on a regular basis. The effect of changes in useful life are recognized prospectively. Functional currency of the Group entitiesThe individual financial statements of each subsidiary are prepared in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. When the factors set out by IAS 21 to determine the functional currency are mixed and the functional currency is not obvious  management judgment is used to determine which functional currency most faithfully represents the economic effects of its underlying transactions  events and conditions. The functional currency of the EVS Group entities is EUR except for the US entity EVS Inc. for which US Dollar is assessed by management to be the functional currency. Claims and contingent liabilitiesRelated to claims and contingencies  judgement is necessary in assessing the existence of an obligation resulting from a past event  in assessing the probability of an economic outflow  and in quantifying the probable outcome of economic resources. This judgment is reviewed when new information becomes available and often with support of internal and external expert advice. Impact of the war in Ukraine on our activitiesGiven the nature and location of its operations and the fact that EVS does not currently have activities in Russia nor in Ukraine or with Russian companies  The Company does not foresee a direct impact of the Ukrainian conflict on its business. NOTE 5.3: SEGMENT REPORTING From an operational point of view  the company is vertically integrated with the majority of its staff located in the headquarters in Belgium  including the R&D  production  marketing and administration departments. Therefore the majority of investments and costs are located at the level of the Belgian parent company. Resources securing the customer facing interactions such as sales  operations and support profiles are primarily hired within the respective regions. The foreign subsidiaries are primarily sales and representative offices. The Chief Operating Decision Maker  being the Executive Committee  reviews the operating results  operating plans  and makes resource allocation decisions on a company-wide basis. Revenue related to products of the same nature (digital broadcast production equipment) are realized by commercial polyvalent teams. The company’s internal reporting is the reflection of the above-mentioned operational organization and is characterized by the strong integration of the activities of the company. By consequence  the company is composed of one segment according to the IFRS 8 definition  and the consolidated income statement of the Group reflects this unique segment. All long-term assets are located in the parent company EVS Broadcast Equipment SA in Belgium. The company provides one class of business defined as solutions based on tapeless workflows with a consistent modular architecture. There are no other significant classes of business  either singularly or in aggregate. Identical modules can meet the needs of different markets  and our customers themselves are often multi-markets. Providing information for each module is therefore not relevant for EVS. At the geographical level  our activities are divided into the following regions: Asia-Pacific (“APAC”)  Europe  Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)  and America (“NALA”). This division follows the organization of the commercial and support services within the Group  which operates worldwide. A fourth region is dedicated to the worldwide events (“big event rentals”). The company provides additional information with a presentation of the revenue by market pillar: “Live Service provider”  “Live Audience Business” and “Big Event Rentals” for rental contracts relating to the big sporting events. Finally  sales are presented by nature: systems and services. 5.3.1. INFORMATION ON REVENUE BY DESTINATION Revenue can be presented by Market Pillar: “Live Service provider”  “Live Audience Business” and “Big event rentals”. Maintenance and after sale service are included in the complete solution proposed to the clients. Revenue (EUR thousands) 2H22 2H21 % 2H22/2H21 Live Audience Business 45.147 42.986 5 0% Live Service Provider 31.151 23.888 30 4% Big event rentals 4.187 9.021 -53 6% Total Revenue 80.486 75.894 6 0% Revenue (EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 % FY22/FY21 Live Audience Business 71.438 72.259 -1 1% Live Service Provider 66.869 51.785 29 1% Big event rentals 9.850 13.534 -27 2% Total Revenue 148.158 137.578 7 7% 5.3.2. INFORMATION ON REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA Activities are divided in three regions: Asia-Pacific (“APAC”)  Europe  Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)  and “Americas”. Aside of them  we also identify the “big event rentals”. Revenue for the YTD period (EUR thousands) APACexcl. events EMEAexcl. events Americasexcl. events Big eventrentals TOTAL 2H22 revenue 11.278 39.107 25.914 4.187 80.486 Evolution versus 2H21 (%) -15 8% 23 4% 19 4% -53 9% 6 0% Variation versus 2H21 (%) at constant currency -15 8% 23 4% -7 2% -53 9% -1 6% 2H21 revenue 13.401 31.696 21.706 9.021 75.894 Revenue for the YTD period (EUR thousands) APACexcl. events EMEAexcl. events Americasexcl. events Big eventrentals TOTAL FY22 revenue 18.952 67.764 51.592 9.850 148.158 Evolution versus FY21 (%) -17 9% 6 8% 37 6% -27 2% 7 7% Variation versus FY21 (%) at constant currency -17 9% 6 8% 22 2% -27 2% 3 5% FY21 revenue 23.077 63.468 37.499 13.534 137.578 Revenue realized in Belgium (the country of origin of the company) with external clients represent less than 5% of the total revenue for the period. In the last 12 months  the Group realized significant revenue with external clients (according to the definition of IFRS 8) in one country: The United States (Americas)  EUR 38 1 million in the last 12 months. 5.3.3. INFORMATION ON REVENUE BY NATURE Revenue can be presented by nature: systems and services. Revenue (EUR thousands) 2H22 2H21 % 2H22/2H21 Sale of Equipment 64.226 58.524 10 3% Other services 16.259 17.610 -7 7% Total Revenue 80.486 75.894 6 0% Revenue (EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 % FY22/FY21 Sale of Equipment 118.015 106.416 10 9% Other services 30.142 31.162 -3 3% Total Revenue 148.158 137.578 7 7% Other services include the advice  installations  project management  rentals  training  maintenance  and distant support. Work in progress (“WIP”) contracts are included in both categories.5.3.4. INFORMATION ON IMPORTANT CLIENTS Over the last 12 months  no external client of the company represented more than 10% of the revenue (similar in 2021). NOTE 5.4: EQUITY SECURITIES The variance in number of treasury shares and outstanding warrants in the period is as follows: 2022 2021 Number of own shares at January 1 925.140 928.207 Acquisition of own shares on the market - - Sale of own shares on the market - - Allocation to Employees Profit Sharing Plans -17.126 -3.067 Sale related to Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) and other transactions - - Number of own shares at December 31 908.014 925.140 Outstanding warrants at December 31 492.975 456.432 In 2022  the Group did not repurchase own shares on the stock market. No shares were used to satisfy the exercise of warrants by employees. The Ordinary General Meeting of shareholders of May 17  2022 approved the allocation of 17.126 shares to EVS employees (grant of 56 shares to each staff member in proportion to their effective or assimilated time of occupation in 2021) as a reward for their contribution to the Group successes. The expense recorded in the consolidated income statement amounts to EUR 329k in 2022. NOTE 5.5: DIVIDENDS The Ordinary General Meeting of May 17  2022  approved the payment of a total gross dividend of EUR 1.50 per share for the year 2021  which includes EUR 0.50 per share exceptional dividend to honor past commitments on dividend payout. For the year 2022  an interim dividend of EUR 0.50 per share was paid in November 2022. Full year dividend of EUR 1 60 per share will be proposed to the Ordinary General Meeting of shareholders  which also includes EUR 0.50 per share exceptional dividend to honor past commitments on dividend payout. (EUR thousands  gross) # Coupon Declaration date 2022 2021 - Final dividend for 2020(EUR 0 50 per share excl. treasury shares) 30 May 2021 - 6.699 - Interim dividend for 2021(EUR 0 50 per share excl. treasury shares) 31 Nov. 2021 - 6.701 - Final dividend for 2021 (incl. exceptional dividend)(EUR 1 00 per share excl. treasury shares) 32 May 2022 13.402 - Interim dividend for 2022(EUR 0 50 per share excl. treasury shares) 33 Nov. 2022 6.710 Total paid dividends 20.112 13.400 A new dividend guidance for upcoming years has been issued early 2022 and is as follows*: In € per share per fiscal year 2022 2023 2024 Base dividend 1 10 1 10 1 10 Exceptional additional dividend 0 50 0 00 0 00 Total dividend 1 60 1 10 1 10 *subject to market conditions and to the approval of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders NOTE 5.6: OTHER NET FINANCIAL INCOME / (EXPENSES) (EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 - Exchange results 1.393 1.117 - Fair value variation of financial instruments 324 -7 - Other financial results 76 144 Other net financial income / (expenses) 1.793 1.254 The functional currency of EVS Broadcast Equipment SA as well as all subsidiaries is the Euro  except for EVS Inc. subsidiary in the USA whose functional currency is the US dollar. Entity Axon Digital Design LTD. in the UK changed functional currency from GBP to EUR starting as of July 1st 2022  following updated Management assesment driven by new implementation of EUR invoicing at the affiliate. The presentation currency of the consolidated financial statements of EVS Group is the Euro. For more information on exchange rates  see also the note 5.9. The favourable exchange result is mainly explained by the appreciation of USD vs. EUR in the period. The estimated fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are equal to their fair book values in the balance sheet. Since 2022  EVS systematically measures the Group’s anticipated exposure to transactional exchange risk  mainly relating to the EUR/USD risk. Given the Group has a long position in USD and based on revenue forecasts  EVS hedges future USD net inflows through forward or option foreign exchange contracts. The change in the fair value of the foreign exchange contracts is recorded directly to the income statement since the Group does not apply hedge accounting on these transactions. The valuation techniques used are mainly based on spot rates  forward rates and interest rate curves. On December 31  2022  the Group holds EUR/USD FX forward and option contracts for a total notional amount of USD 34 0 million with monthly maturities between January 2023 and June 2024. The fair value of those financial instruments on December 31  2022 amounts to EUR 0 3 million. NOTE 5.7: INCOME TAX EXPENSE (EUR thousands) FY22 FY21 - Current tax expense -569 -1.245 - Deferred tax expense -853 -1.552 Income tax expense -1.422 -2.797 Income tax expense amounts to EUR 1 4 million for the full year 2022  compared to EUR 2 8 million in 2021. The decrease is mainly explained by lower taxable profit  tax relief of EUR 0 6 million received in December 2022 and decrease of the deferred tax expenses due to lower consumption of recoverable tax latencies (EUR 1 2 million in 2022 compared to 8 6 million in 2021). The effective tax rate for the period ended on December 31  2022 is 4 3%  compared to 7 5% in 2021. NOTE 5.8: HEADCOUNT (in full time equivalents) At December 31 2022 613 2021 551 Variation +62 NOTE 5.9: EXCHANGE RATES The main exchange rates that influence the consolidated financial accounts are USD/EUR and GBP/EUR which were considered as follows: Exchange rate USD/EUR Average FY At December 31 2022 1 0537 1 0666 2021 1 1830 1 1326 Variation -10 9% -5 8% Exchange rate GBP/EUR Average FY At December 31 2022 0 8527 0 8869 2021 0 8599 0 8403 Variation -0 7% 5 5% NOTE 5.10: INTANGIBLE ASSETS During 2022  intangible assets increased by EUR 7 1 million due to capitalization of internal development costs of EUR 8 4 million less depreciations of EUR 1 3 million. The capitalized costs during 2022 include mainly the internal personnel costs and external consultants’ costs. These costs are only related to the development phase of 2 important projects that should secure future growth for EVS. At the beginning of the period  the Group identified internal development projects  that for the first time of EVS Broadcast Equipment’s history fulfilled all the conditions to be capitalized according to IAS 38 Intangible assets. This ability arises after the implementation of extensive business cases  where R&D together with the solutions and sales departments perform an end-to-end exercise whereby objectives  costs  market analysis and return are clearly identified. These internal development projects consist of software that will be commercialized at the end of the development period (expected return on investment is scheduled for 2024). These 2 projects complement the PLAYForward strategy of the Group. The progress of these internal developments is monitored frequently as to ensure the future economic benefit remains assured. We refer to H1 2022 press release for the update of the accounting policy 2.11 related to the intagible assets applicable as of fiscal year 2022 and that replaces the accounting policy disclosed in 2021 annual report. NOTE 5.11: TANGIBLE ASSETS The decrease of lands and buildings of EUR -2 1 million during 2022 is mainly explained by the depreciation of the period partially offset by investments in progress of EUR 0 5 million. The increase in other tangible assets of EUR 0 4 million is mainly driven by investments in office and IT equipment of EUR 1 1 million  net of the depreciation of the year of EUR 0 7 million. NOTE 5.12: FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (EUR thousands) 2022 2021 Long term financial debts Bank loans 1.675 2.779 Long term lease liabilities 9.853 10.775 Amount due within 12 months (shown under current liabilities) Bank loans 1.105 1.095 Short term lease liabilities 2.645 2.633 Total financial debt (short and long-term) 15.278 17.282 The total financial debt is repayable as follows: - within one year 3.750 3.728 - after one year but no more than five 8.676 9.673 - more than five years 2.852 3.881 In June 2020  a loan of EUR 5 5 million was put in place with BNP Paribas Fortis to partially finance the acquisition of Axon. The repayment schedule foresees first repayment of EUR 0 6 million in 2020 and annual installments of EUR 1 1 million between 2021 and 2024  with final repayment of EUR 0 6 million in 2025 at loan maturity. For full year 2022  lease liabilities variation includes repayment of EUR 2 5 million  excluding interest of EUR 0 4 million. In June 2020  a roll over credit line of EUR 5 0 million was put in place with Belfius bank to partially finance the acquisition of Axon. This amortizing credit line will end at the latest on 30/06/2025. As of this date  EVS has not used this credit facility. NOTE 5.13: OTHER LIABILITIES - PENSION Other long-term liabilities mainly correspond to pension obligations. Changes recorded in 2022 in the Belgian pension defined benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets were as follows: (EUR thousands) 2022 2021 Defined benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets Net defined benefit liability Defined benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets Net defined benefit liability As of January 1 10.587 -8.762 1.825 8.670 -7.686 984 Service cost 1.156 1.156 1.398 1.398 Administrative costs 28 28 18 18 Net interest expenses 120 -106 14 41 -38 3 Sub-total included in profit or loss 1.276 -78 1.198 1.439 -20 1.419 Benefits paid -179 179 0 -141 141 0 Return on plan assets -153 -153 -106 -106 Actuarial changes (assumptions) of which: Arising from changes in demographic assumptions 235 235 0 Arising from changes in financial assumptions -1.349 -1.349 -1.172 -1.172 Arising from experience adjustments -367 -350 -717 1.791 -69 1.722 Sub-total included in OCI -1.481 -350 -1.831 619 -69 550 Contributions by employer -1.078 -1.078 -1.128 -1.128 As of December 31 10.203 -10.089 114 10.587 -8.762 1.825 The decrease in the net defined benefit liability of EUR -1 7 million is mainly driven by actuarial changes included in OCI arising from changes in financial assumptions of EUR -1 3 million (mainly increase in discount rate from 1 15% to 3 80%) and from experience adjustments of EUR -0 7 million  combined with employer contributions in the period of EUR -1 1 million and partially offset by service cost recorded in income statement of EUR 1 2 million. The main assumptions used for the actuarial valuation are as follows: Salary increase for financial year 2022 of 14 5% (5 7% in 2021)Discount rate p.a. of 3 8% (1 15% in 2021)Long term salary increase (inflation included) p.a. of 2 4% (2 1% in 2021)NOTE 5.14: FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICIES The Group enters into derivative transactions  principally forward and option currency contracts  with the purpose to secure its sales and purchases in foreign currencies against negative variations of these currencies. The Group has transactional currency exposure arising from sales or purchases by operating entities in currencies other than the Group’s functional currency. Foreign currency risk is described in note 5.14.1. The Group’s main financial instruments  other than derivatives  comprise bank loans  finance leases  cash and short-term deposits. The purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has other financial instruments such as trade debtors and trade creditors  which arise directly from its operations. The Group’s policy is  and has always been  that no trading in financial instruments shall be undertaken. Credit risk is described in note 5.14.2. 5.14.1 FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK Since 2022  EVS systematically measures the Group’s anticipated exposure to transactional exchange risk over six to eighteen months. In its current structure  the Group’s exposure is mainly linked to the EUR/USD risk. The Group invoices all clients in Euro  except in the United States where invoices are denominated in USD. Since the majority of operating expenses are denominated in Euro  the Group has a long position in USD  i.e. all of the Group’s activities generate globally a positive net cash flow in USD. On the basis of the forecasts and according to the market conditions  the Group hedges a portion of the exchange rate risk on estimated net future flows  mainly through foreign exchange forward and option contracts. EVS does not apply hedge accounting according to IAS 39 for those transactions. Foreign exchange contracts are revalued at each closing date at their market value. The generated exchange rate profit or loss is recorded in the “Other net financial income/(charges)” account in the consolidated income statement. The valuation techniques used are mainly based on spot rates  forward rates and interest rate curves. Details of fair value at closing date are presented in note 5.6. 5.14.2 CREDIT RISK Credit exposure is controlled and reviewed regularly by the management. Trade receivables consist of a large number of customers  spread across many geographical areas. The evolution of the credit risk is monitored permanently. As of December 31  2022  it is assumed that the carrying amounts of those trade receivables are the most appropriate estimate to the fair value of those assets. The credit risk on financial instruments is contained as it is spread over a selection of different counterparties which are financial institutions with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies. As of December 31  2022  the maximum amount the Group could have to pay if guarantees are called on is EUR 0 8 million (similar to EUR 0 8 million in December 2021). NOTE 5.15: SUBSEQUENT EVENTS There are no subsequent events that may have a material impact on the condensed financial statements of the Group. NOTE 5.16: RISK AND UNCERTAINTIES Investing in the stock of EVS involves risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties relating to the current year are similar to the risks and uncertainties that have been identified by the management of the company and that are listed in the management report of the annual report (available at www.evs.com). In terms of new risks arising since the last annual report we highlight the macro-economic environment that drives energy prices  components prices and labour cost to higher levels. EVS closely monitors the developments in this area and pro-actively takes actions to keep these rising costs under control or to minimize their effect on the profitability of the company. We also reiterate the potential impacts following the war in Ukraine. The company continues to comply with the sanction screening in vigor. Certification of responsible persons Serge Van Herck  CEO*Veerle De Wit  CFO* Certify that  based on their knowledge  a) the condensed financial statements  prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the European Union  fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer and the companies included in the consolidation  b) the Directors’ report fairly presents the important events and related parties transactions of 2022  including their impact on the condensed financial statements  and a description of the existing risks and uncertainties for the remaining months of the fiscal year. * acting on behalf of a BV External Auditor The condensed consolidated financial statements of EVS Broadcast SA for the year ending December 31  2022 were authorized of issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors on February 16  2023. EY réviseurs d’Entreprises represented by Carlo-Sébastien d’Addario has confirmed that their audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material adjustments which would have to be made to the accounting information included in this press release. The complete audit report related to the audit of the consolidated financial statements will be shown in 2022 annual report that will be published in April 2023. Attachment Press release in PDF formatAll news about EVS BROADCAST EQUIPMENT SA 12:31a Evs reports 2022 results GL 12:30a EVS Broadcast Equipment SA Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31.. CI 02/16 Evs Broadcast Equipment : The press release PU 02/02 Evs Full Year 2022 Results to be Announced on Friday 17 February 2023 GL 02/02 Evs Full Year 2022 Results to be Announced on Friday 17 February 2023 AQ 02/02 Evs Broadcast Equipment : The conference call details PU 2022 LucidLink and EVS Partner to Cloud Enable Live Sports  Entertainment  and Breaking News.. CI 2022 Evs Broadcast Equipment : launches IPD-VIA Create web-based editing application PU 2022 Evs Broadcast Equipment : ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE trusts EVS for live production  replays .. PU 2022 EVS BROADCAST EQUIPMENT SA : Ex-dividend day for interim divi.. FA",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.16,0.13,True,English,"['EVS REPORTS 2022 RESULTS', '2H21 Variance FY22 FY21 Variance Revenue', 'Big Event Rental (BER) activity', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.', '2H22 Highlights Record order intake', 'recent “Top Employer” certification', 'Live Service Providers markets', 'Big Event Rental revenue', 'team member engagement survey', 'strong financial income performance', 'Media Infrastructure revenue growth', 'strong net profit result', 'Live Audience Business', 'live TV production', 'Big Tech 2022 contract', 'Big Tech 22 contract', 'strong employer branding', 'multiple email addresses', 'capital expenditure envelope', 'Serge Van Herck', 'team member size', 'The Axon acquisition', 'historical revenue number', 'record-high order intake', 'important order intake', 'major sports events', 'VIA Portal ap', 'Healthy net profit', 'current market dynamics', 'total order book', 'sustainable growth ambitions', 'second record year', 'record revenue', 'Revenue performance', 'revenue guidance', 'revenue range', 'strong growth', 'strong talent', 'strong ecosystem', 'topline performance', 'largest contract', 'second half', 'team members', '6 Gross profit', 'Operating profit', 'VIA platform', 'major differentiator', 'market opening', 'fields Publication', 'Regulated information', 'Press release', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'Liège', 'delivery terms', 'North America', 'MediaInfra solution', 'OPEX growth', 'one-off benefit', 'same period', 'future periods', 'organic growth', 'growth engine', 'profitable growth', 'base dividend', 'Key figures', '3,0 Gross margin', 'Operating margin', 'PlayForward strategy', 'growth momentum', 'significant growth', 'component shortages', 'Middle East', 'good progress', 'solution sales', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'large acquisitions', 'new ERP', 'market expectations', 'market share', 'last year', 'successful year', 'EVS REPORTS', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'First name', 'Group share', 'solid Earnings', 'bottom line', 'annual results', '2022 results', 'commas', 'Message', 'February', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'fundamentals', 'consequence', 'taxes', 'Outlook', 'beginning', 'focus', 'increase', 'dividends', 'policy', 'Pts', 'EBIT', 'EPS', 'Comments', 'CEO', 'revenues', 'August', '50MioUSD', 'inflation', 'position', 'customers', 'Asia', 'world', 'improvements', 'years', 'vision', 'introduction', 'XtraMotion', 'revolution', 'industry', 'May', 'capability', '10']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18721,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/9476fc444ea9e7c4,Pfizer and Valneva Issue Update on Phase 3 Clinical Trial Evaluating Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15,New York & Saint-Herblain (France)  February 17  2023 – Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) today announce that Pfizer  as the study sponsor  has decided to discontinue a significant percentage of participants in the U.S…,New York & Saint-Herblain (France)  February 17  2023 – Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) today announce that Pfizer  as the study sponsor  has decided to discontinue a significant percentage of participants in the U.S. who had been enrolled in the Vaccine Against Lyme for Outdoor Recreationists (VALOR) (NCT05477524) Phase 3 clinical…This story appeared on valneva.com   2023-02-17.,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15', 'Valneva Issue Update', 'Phase 3 Clinical Trial', 'Pfizer', 'New York', 'Valneva SE', 'Euronext Paris', 'study sponsor', 'significant percentage', 'U.S.', 'Outdoor Recreationists', 'valneva.com', 'Pfizer Inc.', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'February', 'NYSE', 'PFE', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'participants', 'Vaccine', 'Lyme', 'VALOR', 'Phase', 'story']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,biztoc.com
18722,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4115017.html,Accor: Türkiye and Syria - Situation Update,On the 6th of February  a devastating earthquake struck Türkiye and Syria. In this time of immense sadness and difficulty  Accor stands in solidarity with the people of Türkiye and Syria  as well as the search and rescue teams and humanitarian workers who hav…,On the 6th of February  a devastating earthquake struck Türkiye and Syria. In this time of immense sadness and difficulty  Accor stands in solidarity with the people of Türkiye and Syria  as well as the search and rescue teams and humanitarian workers who have rushed to the earthquake impact site.Accor supports the communities in which our teams live and work  to ensure they have the means to recover and rebuild their lives. As such  several initiatives have already been deployed:Offering temporary accommodation for first responders and earthquake victims at properties located within proximity of the affected areasHousing of team members with damaged residences at our properties with their loved onesHotels in Türkiye are donating their supplies of linen  towels  and food products to the Turkey Hotel AssociationAccor Heartist Solidarity  our endowment fund  is partnering with the UNHCR  the UN Refugee Agency (UNHCR) to collect employees’ donations that will be topped-up by AccorAccor continues to monitor the situation closely and will take a medium to long term approach to our support for the country  establishing a roadmap of priorities and ways in which we can continue our ongoing efforts.We would like to thank all our team members on the ground for their outstanding efforts towards not only guests  but the community overall. Our warmest heartfelt thoughts go to all those affected by this tragic event.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.48,0.09,0.44,True,English,"['Türkiye', 'Situation Update', 'Accor', 'Syria', 'Net Zero Carbon emissions', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Turkey Hotel Association', 'UN Refugee Agency', 'long term approach', 'warmest heartfelt thoughts', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'single use plastics', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'earthquake impact site', 'economy hotel brands', ""hotels' guest experience"", 'global sustainability commitments', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'creative hospitality company', 'Accor Heartist Solidarity', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'several initiatives', 'endowment fund', 'hospitality ecosystems', 'environmental sustainability', 'devastating earthquake', 'earthquake victims', 'global collective', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'global elimination', 'Türkiye', 'immense sadness', 'humanitarian workers', 'temporary accommodation', 'first responders', 'affected areas', 'loved ones', 'employees’ donations', 'medium to', 'ongoing efforts', 'outstanding efforts', 'tragic event', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'team members', 'rescue teams', 'food products', 'private residences', 'concierge services', 'community engagement', 'Accor Live', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', 'accommodation properties', '10,000 food', '5,300 properties', '6th', 'February', 'Syria', 'time', 'difficulty', 'people', 'search', 'communities', 'means', 'lives', 'proximity', 'Housing', 'supplies', 'linen', 'towels', 'UNHCR', 'situation', 'support', 'country', 'roadmap', 'priorities', 'ways', 'ground', 'guests', '110 countries', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'purpose', 'access', 'rewards', 'experiences', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,hospitalitynet.org
18723,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Acquisition-of-treasury-shares-43021341/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,Van de Velde : Acquisition of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   17.02.2023 - 18h00 Regulated information   Acquisition of treasury shares   In order to reduce the excess cash of the company and possibly cancel all or part of the purchased shares  the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV pro…,17.02.2023 - 18h00 Regulated informationAcquisition of treasury sharesIn order to reduce the excess cash of the company and possibly cancel all or part of the purchased shares  the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euronext Brussels. The following treasury shares have been acquired during the period of 8 February 2023 until and including 16 February 2023:Transaction Date Number of shares Average price Minimum price Maximum price (€/share) (€/share) (€/share) 08/02/2023 600 31 75 31 75 31 75 09/02/2023 1.094 31 81 31 75 31 85 10/02/2023 1.082 31 47 31 45 31 50 13/02/2023 1.223 31 67 31 65 31 70 14/02/2023 246 31 35 31 35 31 35 15/02/2023 1.651 31 32 31 30 31 35 16/02/2023 374 31 20 31 20 31 25Total number of shares = 6.270. Average price = 31 54 €/share. Total amount = 197.734 45 €.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors on 11 December 2019 during the extraordinary meeting of shareholders.On 16 February 2023  363.548 own shares are held by Van de Velde NV  including the 11 000 shares that were already purchased in the context of a stock option plan. This represents 2 7 per cent of the total number of shares of Van de Velde NV.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. We believe in 'Shaping the bodies and minds of women': we want to make a difference in women's lives with our beautiful and perfectly fitting lingerie  by lifting their self-confidence and self-image. For us  an impeccable in-store service is key  an approach which we have consolidated in our Lingerie Styling Concept.We work in close partnership with 3 600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1 500 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV always represented by Karel VerlindeChief Executive OfficerVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.eu - info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'treasury shares', 'Acquisition', 'Chief Executive Officer Van de Velde NV', 'Average price Minimum price', 'stock option plan', 'premium, complementary brands', 'Lingerie Styling Concept', '3,600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'Karel Verlinde CommV', 'following treasury shares', 'Maximum price', 'fashionable lingerie', 'fitting lingerie', 'retail brands', 'excess cash', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction Date', 'Total amount', 'extraordinary meeting', '2,7 per cent', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', '11,000 shares', 'Acquisition', 'order', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purchase', 'market', 'period', '8 February', '16 February', 'authorization', '11 December', 'shareholders', 'context', 'PrimaDonna', 'bodies', 'minds', 'women', 'difference', 'lives', 'beautiful', 'perfectly', 'self-confidence', 'self-image', 'impeccable', 'approach', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1,500 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'Belgium', 'T.', 'vandevelde', '363.548', '32']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18724,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nokia-announces-final-results-tender-123000750.html,Nokia Announces Final Results for its Tender Offers and the New Notes Issue,Nokia CorporationStock Exchange Release17 February 2023 at 14:30 EET NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO  OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR...,"Nokia OyjNokia CorporationStock Exchange Release17 February 2023 at 14:30 EETNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO  OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN OR AT ANY ADDRESS IN  THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO  THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  GUAM  AMERICAN SAMOA  WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS)  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA OR TO ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OR ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO.Nokia Announces Final Results for its Tender Offers and the New Notes IssueEspoo  Finland – Nokia Corporation (“Nokia”)  announced on 9 February 2023 that it has separately invited holders of each Series of the Notes (as defined below) issued under Nokia's EUR 5 000 000 000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (each such invitation a “Tender Offer” and  together  the “Tender Offers”) to tender their EUR 750 000 000 2.000 per cent. Notes due 15 March 2024 (the “2024 Notes”)  EUR 500 000 000 2.375 per cent. Notes due 15 May 2025 (the “2025 Notes”) and EUR 750 000 000 2.000 per cent. Notes due 11 March 2026 (the “2026 Notes” and  together with the 2024 Notes and the 2025 Notes  the ""Notes"" and each a ""Series”) for purchase for cash up to the Maximum Acceptance Amount (as defined in the Tender Offer Memorandum).The Tender Offers were made on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the tender offer memorandum dated 9 February 2023 (the “Tender Offer Memorandum”). Capitalised terms not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Tender Offer Memorandum.The Expiration Deadline for the Tender Offers was 4.00 p.m. (London time) on 16 February 2023.Nokia hereby informs Noteholders that set out in the table below is: (i) each Series Acceptance Amount; (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of Notes tendered for purchase pursuant to each Tender Offer; (iii) each Purchase Yield; (iv) each Interpolated Mid-Swap Rate; (v) each Purchase Price; (vi) the pro-ration factor that will be applied to valid tenders of Notes of each Series; and (vii) the aggregate nominal amount of each Series of the Notes that remain outstanding following settlement of the Tender Offers.Story continuesNotes ISIN / Common Code Purchase Spread Interpolated Mid-Swap Rate Purchase Yield Purchase Price Aggregate nominal amount tendered for purchase Series Acceptance Amount Pro-ration Factor Aggregate nominal amount that remain outstanding following settlement 2024 Notes XS1577731604 / 157773160 -35 bps 3.588% 3.238%% 98.728% EUR 372 472 000 EUR 372 472 000 100% EUR 377 528 000 2025 Notes XS2171759256 / 217175925 +5 bps 3.530% 3.580% 97.456% EUR 207 843 000 EUR 207 843 000 100% EUR 292 157 000 2026 Notes XS1960685383 / 196068538 +25 bps 3.395% 3.645% 95.331% EUR 256 879 000 EUR 119 685 000 approximately 43.513% EUR 630 315 000The Final Acceptance Amount is EUR 700 000 000.Nokia will also pay Accrued Interest in respect of the Notes purchased pursuant to the Tender Offers.On 10 February 2023  Nokia priced a new issue of €500 000 000 4.375 per cent. Notes due 21 August 2031 (the “New Notes”). Application will be made for the New Notes to be admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Dublin.The New Financing Condition has been satisfied  subject to the issuance of the New Notes. The New Notes have been priced and a subscription agreement between Nokia and the joint bookrunners named therein for the purchase of  and subscription for  the New Notes has been signed and remains in full force and effect as of the date hereof.The Settlement Date for the Tender Offers and the New Notes is expected to be 21 February 2023.Notes purchased by Nokia pursuant to the Tender Offers will be immediately cancelled. Notes which have not been validly submitted and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offers will remain outstanding after the Settlement Date.The Tender Offers have now expired and no further Notes can be tendered for purchase.Joint Dealer ManagersBofA Securities SA  Citigroup Global Markets Limited  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft and UniCredit Bank AG (the “Joint Dealer Managers”) are acting as Joint Dealer Managers for the Tender Offers. Investors with questions may contact the Joint Dealer Managers at the addresses and numbers shown below.BofA Securities SA Citigroup Global Markets Limited 51  rue La Boétie75008 ParisFrance Citigroup CentreCanada SquareCanary WharfLondon E14 5LBUnited Kingdom Tel.: +33 1 877 01057Attn.: Liability Management GroupEmail: DG.LM-EMEA@bofa.com Tel: +44 20 7986 8969Attn.: Liability Management GroupEmail: liabilitymanagement.europe@citi.com Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft UniCredit Bank AG Mainzer Landstr. 11-1760329 Frankfurt am MainGermany UniCredit Bank AGArabellastraße 1281925 MunichGermany Tel: +44 207 545 8011Attn.: Liability Management GroupTel: +39 02 8862 0581Attn.: Liability ManagementEmail: corporate.lm@unicredit.deCopies of the Tender Offer Memorandum can be requested from the Tender Agent  Kroll Issuer Services Limited  at: +44 20 7704 0880 or at nokia@is.kroll.com .DISCLAIMERThis announcement must be read in conjunction with the Tender Offer Memorandum. No offer or invitation to acquire any securities is being made pursuant to this announcement. The distribution of this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum comes are required by each of Nokia  the Dealer Managers and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.About NokiaAt Nokia  we create technology that helps the world act together.As a trusted partner for critical networks  we are committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile  fixed and cloud networks. We create value with intellectual property and long-term research  led by the award-winning Nokia Bell Labs.Adhering to high standards of integrity and security  we help build the capabilities needed for a more productive  sustainable and inclusive world.Inquiries:NokiaCommunicationsPhone: +358 10 448 4900Email: press.services@nokia.comMaria Vaismaa  Global Head of Public RelationsNokiaInvestor RelationsPhone: +358 40 803 4080Email: investor.relations@nokia.comForward-looking statementsCertain statements herein that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect Nokia's current expectations and views of future developments and include statements regarding: A) expectations  plans  benefits or outlook related to our strategies  product launches  growth management  sustainability and other ESG targets  operational key performance indicators and decisions on market exits; B) expectations  plans or benefits related to future performance of our businesses (including the expected impact  timing and duration of COVID-19 and the general macroeconomic conditions on our businesses  our supply chain and our customers’ businesses) and any future dividends and other distributions of profit; C) expectations and targets regarding financial performance and results of operations  including market share  prices  net sales  income  margins  cash flows  the timing of receivables  operating expenses  provisions  impairments  taxes  currency exchange rates  hedging  investment funds  inflation  product cost reductions  competitiveness  revenue generation in any specific region  and licensing income and payments; D) ability to execute  expectations  plans or benefits related to changes in organisational structure and operating model; E) impact on revenue with respect to litigation/renewal discussions; and F) any statements preceded by or including ""continue""  “believe”  “commit”  “estimate”  “expect”  “aim”  “influence”  ""will” or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond our control  which could cause our actual results to differ materially from such statements. These statements are based on management’s best assumptions and beliefs in light of the information currently available to them. These forward-looking statements are only predictions based upon our current expectations and views of future events and developments and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.2,0.55,True,English,"['New Notes Issue', 'Final Results', 'Tender Offers', 'Nokia', 'purchase Series Acceptance Amount Pro-ration Factor Aggregate nominal amount', 'Nokia Oyj Nokia Corporation Stock Exchange Release', '5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme', 'Mid-Swap Rate Purchase Yield Purchase Price', 'UniCredit Bank AG Mainzer Landstr.', 'THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS', 'rue La Boétie', 'Citigroup Global Markets Limited', 'The Final Acceptance Amount', 'Germany UniCredit Bank AG', 'The New Financing Condition', 'Maximum Acceptance Amount', 'Interpolated Mid-Swap Rate', 'NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS', 'U.S. PERSON', 'France Citigroup Centre', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Common Code Purchase', 'The Expiration Deadline', 'Joint Dealer Managers', 'Liability Management Group', 'Tender Offer Memorandum', 'EUR 750,000,000 2.000 per cent', 'BofA Securities SA', 'The Tender Offers', 'The New Notes', 'The Settlement Date', 'New Notes Issue', 'Final Results', 'new issue', 'joint bookrunners', 'SECURITIES ACT', 'UNITED STATES', 'PUERTO RICO', 'AMERICAN SAMOA', 'valid tenders', 'Accrued Interest', 'Euronext Dublin', 'full force', 'Canada Square', 'Canary Wharf', 'United Kingdom', 'Arabellastraße', 'Capitalised terms', 'London time', 'subscription agreement', 'Notes ISIN', '2024 Notes XS1577731604', 'Notes XS2171759256', '2025 Notes', '2026 Notes', '17 February', '14:30 EET', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'INTO', 'ADDRESS', 'POSSESSIONS', 'GUAM', 'WAKE', 'DISTRICT', 'COLUMBIA', 'REGULATION', 'JURISDICTION', 'Espoo', 'Finland', '9 February', 'holders', 'invitation', 'cash', 'conditions', 'meaning', '16 February', 'table', 'Story', 'respect', '10 February', 'Application', 'trading', 'issuance', 'effect', 'Investors', 'questions', 'numbers', 'Paris', 'Attn.', 'Email', 'DG.', 'LM-EMEA', 'Frankfurt', 'Munich', 'Tel', 'Copies', '4.00', '44']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18725,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-Completion-of-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-Update-on-the-Liquidity-Agreement-43014236/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,Bekaert - Completion of the Share Buyback Program and Update on the Liquidity Agreement,(marketscreener.com)         Completion of the Share Buyback Program and Update on the Liquidity Agreement Period from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023 Share Buyback Program fully implementedOn 25 February 2022  Bekaert announced a program to buy back own …,Completion of the Share Buyback Program and Update on the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023Share Buyback Program fully implementedOn 25 February 2022   Bekaert announced a program (the “Program”) to buy back own shares up to € 120 million. The Program was split into four equal tranches of up to € 30 million each.Bekaert announces today that it completed the fourth and last tranche of the Program. During the fourth tranche  which started on 18 November 2022 and ended on 13 February 2023  the company repurchased 820 929 ordinary shares for an aggregate consideration of € 30 million. Under the full Program  the company repurchased 3 488 344 ordinary shares for an aggregate consideration of € 117.3 million.As previously announced  the purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company and all shares repurchased as part of this arrangement will be cancelled. So far  1 449 409 treasury shares were cancelled. The balance of the repurchased shares (2 038 935 shares) will be cancelled before the end of February 2023.Bekaert’s reference shareholder  Stichting Administratiekantoor Bekaert (STAK) and the parties acting in concert with the STAK  have confirmed that they will take appropriate measures so that their voting rights in Bekaert’s share capital will not exceed the level they had at the start of the Program (i.e. 36.13%) by the end of February 2023.During the period from 9 February 2023 to 13 February 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 38 369 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 9 February 2023 to 13 February 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 9 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 345 40.24 40.48 39.80 255 323 MTF CBOE 3 952 40.21 40.44 39.78 158 910 MTF Turquoise 765 40.25 40.44 39.96 30 791 MTF Aquis 1 497 40.25 40.46 39.92 60 254 10 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 833 39.93 40.40 39.64 312 772 MTF CBOE 4 808 39.95 40.38 39.62 192 080 MTF Turquoise 889 39.96 40.36 39.76 35 524 MTF Aquis 1 893 39.96 40.38 39.62 75 644 13 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 725 39.74 39.90 39.60 306 992 MTF CBOE 2 662 39.76 39.90 39.64 105 841 MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — Total 38 369 39.98 40.48 38.86 1 534 131Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 2 400 shares during the period from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 5 500 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 9 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 10 February 2023 400 39.90 39.90 39.90 15 960 13 February 2023 1 200 39.69 39.80 39.54 47 628 14 February 2023 800 39.45 39.50 39.40 31 560 15 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 2 400 — — — 95 148Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 9 February 2023 1 900 40.15 40.40 39.80 0 10 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 13 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 14 February 2023 2 000 39.86 40.00 39.80 79 720 15 February 2023 1 600 40.20 40.40 39.90 64 320 Total 5 500 — — — 144 040The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 37 636 shares.On 15 February 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 4 750 289 own shares  or 8.05% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Completion', 'Update', 'four equal tranches', 'investor relations pages', 'Stichting Administratiekantoor Bekaert', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Date Number', 'share capital', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'last tranche', 'aggregate consideration', 'reference shareholder', 'appropriate measures', 'voting rights', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'total number', 'fourth tranche', '820 929 ordinary shares', '3 488 344 ordinary shares', '1 449 409 treasury shares', 'outstanding shares', 'full Program', 'same period', 'Total Amount', '038 935 shares', '38 369 shares', '2 400 shares', '5 500 shares', '37 636 shares', 'Completion', 'Update', '9 February', '15 February', '25 February', '18 November', '13 February', 'company', 'purpose', 'part', 'arrangement', 'balance', 'end', 'STAK', 'concert', 'level', 'start', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '2 September', '10 February', 'Sale', '14 February', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '750 289']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18726,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/17/2610373/0/en/Bekaert-Completion-of-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-Update-on-the-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Completion of the Share Buyback Program and Update on the Liquidity Agreement,Completion of the Share Buyback Program and Update on the Liquidity Agreement    Period from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023    Share......,English Dutch FrenchCompletion of the Share Buyback Program and Update on the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023Share Buyback Program fully implementedOn 25 February 2022   Bekaert announced a program (the “Program”) to buy back own shares up to € 120 million. The Program was split into four equal tranches of up to € 30 million each.Bekaert announces today that it completed the fourth and last tranche of the Program. During the fourth tranche  which started on 18 November 2022 and ended on 13 February 2023  the company repurchased 820 929 ordinary shares for an aggregate consideration of € 30 million. Under the full Program  the company repurchased 3 488 344 ordinary shares for an aggregate consideration of € 117.3 million.As previously announced  the purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company and all shares repurchased as part of this arrangement will be cancelled. So far  1 449 409 treasury shares were cancelled. The balance of the repurchased shares (2 038 935 shares) will be cancelled before the end of February 2023.Bekaert’s reference shareholder  Stichting Administratiekantoor Bekaert (STAK) and the parties acting in concert with the STAK  have confirmed that they will take appropriate measures so that their voting rights in Bekaert’s share capital will not exceed the level they had at the start of the Program (i.e. 36.13%) by the end of February 2023.During the period from 9 February 2023 to 13 February 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 38 369 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 9 February 2023 to 13 February 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 9 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 345 40.24 40.48 39.80 255 323 MTF CBOE 3 952 40.21 40.44 39.78 158 910 MTF Turquoise 765 40.25 40.44 39.96 30 791 MTF Aquis 1 497 40.25 40.46 39.92 60 254 10 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 833 39.93 40.40 39.64 312 772 MTF CBOE 4 808 39.95 40.38 39.62 192 080 MTF Turquoise 889 39.96 40.36 39.76 35 524 MTF Aquis 1 893 39.96 40.38 39.62 75 644 13 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 725 39.74 39.90 39.60 306 992 MTF CBOE 2 662 39.76 39.90 39.64 105 841 MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — Total 38 369 39.98 40.48 38.86 1 534 131Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 2 400 shares during the period from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 5 500 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 9 February 2023 to 15 February 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 9 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 10 February 2023 400 39.90 39.90 39.90 15 960 13 February 2023 1 200 39.69 39.80 39.54 47 628 14 February 2023 800 39.45 39.50 39.40 31 560 15 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 2 400 — — — 95 148Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 9 February 2023 1 900 40.15 40.40 39.80 0 10 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 13 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 14 February 2023 2 000 39.86 40.00 39.80 79 720 15 February 2023 1 600 40.20 40.40 39.90 64 320 Total 5 500 — — — 144 040The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 37 636 shares.On 15 February 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 4 750 289 own shares  or 8.05% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.62,0.37,0.01,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Completion', 'Update', 'English Dutch French', 'four equal tranches', 'investor relations pages', 'Stichting Administratiekantoor Bekaert', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Date Number', 'share capital', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'last tranche', 'aggregate consideration', 'reference shareholder', 'appropriate measures', 'voting rights', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'total number', 'fourth tranche', '820 929 ordinary shares', '3 488 344 ordinary shares', '1 449 409 treasury shares', 'outstanding shares', 'full Program', 'same period', 'Total Amount', '038 935 shares', '38 369 shares', '2 400 shares', '5 500 shares', '37 636 shares', 'Completion', 'Update', '9 February', '15 February', '25 February', '18 November', '13 February', 'company', 'purpose', 'part', 'arrangement', 'balance', 'end', 'STAK', 'concert', 'level', 'start', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '2 September', '10 February', 'Sale', '14 February', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '750 289']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18727,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Galp-planning-to-sell-10-stake-in-Mozambique-gas-project-report--43014600/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,Galp planning to sell 10% stake in Mozambique gas project - report,(marketscreener.com) Portugal's Galp Energia has mandated Bank of America to prepare a sale of its 10% stake in a multibillion-dollar natural gas project in Mozambique's Rovuma basin  the Negocios newspaper said on Thursday  citing an unidentified source link…,There would be no lack of interest in Galp's stake as the war in Ukraine had increased the appetite for gas from international companies  the report said.Galp declined to comment.The energy company holds a 10% stake in a consortium exploring for natural gas in Rovuma's Area 4  in the northern Mozambique region of Cabo Delgado  which has been the target of attacks by militants.The main shareholder with a 70% stake is Mozambique Rovuma Venture  comprising Exxon Mobil Corp  Italy's ENI and China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC). Korea's Kogas and Mozambique's National Hydrocarbons Company ENH have 10% each.Galp announced a deal on Monday to sell its upstream business in Angola to SOMOIL for about $830 million. Its Angolan output comes from mature fields with declining production while its main upstream business is in Brazil.Galp shares were up 1% at 11.815 euros($12.61) on Euronext Lisbon in afternoon trading.($1 = 0.9373 euros)(Reporting by Sergio Goncalves; Editing by Andrei Khalip and Mike Harrison),neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Mozambique gas project', 'Galp', '10% stake', 'report', 'China National Petroleum Corporation', 'Exxon Mobil Corp', 'National Hydrocarbons Company', 'northern Mozambique region', 'main upstream business', 'Mozambique Rovuma Venture', 'energy company', 'main shareholder', 'international companies', 'Cabo Delgado', 'Angolan output', 'mature fields', 'declining production', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'afternoon trading', 'Sergio Goncalves', 'Andrei Khalip', 'Mike Harrison', 'natural gas', 'Galp shares', 'lack', 'interest', 'stake', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'appetite', 'report', 'consortium', 'Area', 'target', 'attacks', 'militants', 'Italy', 'ENI', 'CNPC', 'Korea', 'Kogas', 'ENH', 'deal', 'Monday', 'SOMOIL', 'Brazil', '11.815 euros', '0.9373 euros', 'Editing']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18728,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SARTORIUS-STEDIM-BIOTECH-27471609/news/Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-SA-Information-on-Document-Availability-43014443/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA: Information on Document Availability,(marketscreener.com) Sartorius Stedim Biotech SASartorius Stedim Biotech SA: Information on Document Availability 17-Feb-2023 / 08:41 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the…,Sartorius Stedim Biotech SASartorius Stedim Biotech SA: Information on Document Availability17-Feb-2023 / 08:41 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Aubagne  February 17  2023 Sartorius Stedim Biotech: Information on Document Availability Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group’s Universal Registration Document 2022 is now available at: https://www.sartorius.com/en/company/investor-relations/sartorius-stedim-biotech-sa-investor-relations/news-financial-publications It contains the following information: - Business development for fiscal 2022 and the 2023 forecast for the Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group - Consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022 A profile of Sartorius Stedim Biotech Sartorius Stedim Biotech is a leading international partner of the biopharmaceutical industry. As a total solutions provider  the company helps its customers to manufacture biotech medications safely  rapidly and economically. Headquartered in Aubagne  France  the shares of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. are quoted on the Euronext Paris. With its own manufacturing and R&D sites in Europe  North America and Asia and an international network of sales companies  Sartorius Stedim Biotech has a global reach. The Group has been annually growing by double digits on average and has been regularly expanding its portfolio by acquisitions of complementary technologies. In 2022  the company employed roughly 12 000 people  and earned sales revenue of around 3.5 billion euros.ContactPetra Kirchhoff; Head of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Phone: +49(0)551.308.1686; petra.kirchhoff@sartorius.com Follow Sartorius Stedim Biotech on Twitter @Sartorius_Group and on LinkedIn. Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. - Information on Document Availability,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA', 'Document Availability', 'Information', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech Sartorius Stedim Biotech', 'Regulatory filing PDF file File', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A.', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group', 'French Regulatory News', 'total solutions provider', 'R&D sites', 'leading international partner', 'Universal Registration Document', 'biotech medications', 'EQS Group', 'The Group', 'international network', 'Document Availability', 'Business development', 'financial statements', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'Euronext Paris', 'North America', 'sales companies', 'global reach', 'double digits', 'complementary technologies', 'sales revenue', '3.5 billion euros', 'Corporate Communications', 'Investor Relations', 'Petra Kirchhoff', 'following information', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Aubagne', 'investor-relations', 'sartorius-stedim-biotech', 'fiscal 2022', '2023 forecast', 'year', 'profile', 'company', 'customers', 'France', 'shares', 'manufacturing', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'portfolio', 'acquisitions', '12,000 people', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Phone', 'Twitter', 'Sartorius_Group', 'LinkedIn', '08']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18729,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notifications-from-Negma-Group-43021665/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Negma Group,(marketscreener.com) Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Negma Group Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – February 17  2022 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with c…,"Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Negma GroupLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – February 17  2022 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on February 14  2023 from Negma Group Ltd. indicating that as of February 9  2023  it held no shares of the then outstanding 493 468 012 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of disposal of voting securities. See Annex 1Oxurion received a transparency notification on February 13  2023 from Negma Group Ltd. indicating that as of February 8  2023  it held 15 503 696 shares of the then outstanding 493 468 012 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (3%) by virtue of acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 2About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10"" tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1ANNEX 2Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.23,0.55,True,English,"['Transparency Notifications', 'Negma Group', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Tom Graney Chief Executive Officer', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Chief Business Officer', 'next generation standard', 'Negma Group Ltd.', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'Negma Group Leuven', 'clinical stage assets', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'voting securities', 'Conway Communications', 'new information', 'Transparency Notifications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 493,468,012 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 2 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '15,503,696 shares', 'Annex 1', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'February', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'disposal', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '7.00', '32']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18730,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/17/2610346/0/en/Pfizer-and-Valneva-Issue-Update-on-Phase-3-Clinical-Trial-Evaluating-Lyme-Disease-Vaccine-Candidate-VLA15.html,Pfizer and Valneva Issue Update on Phase 3 Clinical Trial Evaluating Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15,New York & Saint-Herblain (France)  February 17  2023 – Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) today announce that Pfizer  as the study sponsor  has decided to discontinue a significant percentage of participants in the U.S…,"English FrenchNew York & Saint-Herblain (France)  February 17  2023 – Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) today announce that Pfizer  as the study sponsor  has decided to discontinue a significant percentage of participants in the U.S. who had been enrolled in the Vaccine Against Lyme for Outdoor Recreationists (VALOR) (NCT05477524) Phase 3 clinical study. The study is investigating the efficacy  safety and immunogenicity of an investigational Lyme disease vaccine candidate  VLA15. These study participants  representing approximately half of the total recruited participants in the trial  are being discontinued following violations of Good Clinical Practice (GCP) at certain clinical trial sites run by a third-party clinical trial site operator. The discontinuation of these participants was not due to any safety concerns with the investigational vaccine and was not prompted by a participant-reported adverse event.GCP is the international ethical and scientific quality standard for clinical trials that all clinical researchers need to follow. These standards are designed to put participants’ interests first and ensure high scientific integrity. Once Pfizer learned of potential violations of GCP  it conducted a thorough review of the operations and data collection at the clinical trial sites run by the third party and followed standard operating safeguards to determine the correct course of action.The clinical trial remains ongoing with other sites not operated by the third party  and Pfizer continues to enroll new participants at those sites. The companies intend to work with regulatory authorities  and as previously announced 1 2 aim for Pfizer to potentially submit a Biologics License Application (BLA) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2025  pending successful completion of the Phase 3 studies and subject to the agreement of these regulatory agencies to proposed modifications of the clinical trial plan.Participants are being notified and Pfizer has also notified the FDA  other regulatory agencies and the independent Institutional Review Board for this study.Integrity of data collected in clinical trials is critical to provide evidence and confidence in a potential vaccine or medicine’s safety and efficacy. Pfizer and Valneva are committed to collecting robust data needed for potential regulatory submission of VLA15. While VLA15 is still under investigation  to date the companies have been encouraged by the data from the Phase 2 clinical studies  which demonstrated strong immunogenicity and acceptable safety and tolerability profiles.2-4About VLA15VLA15 is the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate currently in clinical development. This investigational multivalent protein subunit vaccine uses an established mechanism of action for a Lyme disease vaccine that targets the outer surface protein A (OspA) of Borrelia burgdorferi  the bacteria that cause Lyme disease. OspA is a surface protein expressed by the bacteria when present in a tick. Blocking OspA inhibits the bacterium’s ability to leave the tick and infect humans. The vaccine covers the six most common OspA serotypes expressed by the Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato species that are prevalent in North America and Europe. VLA15 has demonstrated a strong immune response and satisfactory safety profile in pre-clinical and clinical studies so far. Valneva and Pfizer entered into a collaboration agreement in April 2020 to co-develop VLA15  with updates to the terms within this agreement made in June 2022.5 6 The program was granted Fast Track designation by the U.S. FDA in July 2017.7About Lyme DiseaseLyme disease is a systemic infection caused by Borrelia burgdorferi bacteria transmitted to humans by infected Ixodes ticks.8 It is considered the most common vector-borne illness in the Northern Hemisphere.9 While the true incidence of Lyme disease is unknown  it is estimated to annually affect approximately 476 000 people in the United States and 130 000 people in Europe.10 11 Early symptoms of Lyme disease (such as a gradually expanding erythematous rash called Erythema migrans or more nonspecific symptoms like fatigue  fever  headache  mild stiff neck  arthralgia or myalgia) are often overlooked or misinterpreted. Left untreated  the disease can disseminate and cause more serious complications affecting the joints (arthritis)  the heart (carditis) or the nervous system.12 The medical need for vaccination against Lyme disease is steadily increasing as the geographic footprint of the disease widens.10About Pfizer: Breakthroughs That Change Patients’ LivesAt Pfizer  we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality  safety and value in the discovery  development and manufacture of health care products  including innovative medicines and vaccines. Every day  Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness  prevention  treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies  we collaborate with health care providers  governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable  affordable health care around the world. For more than 170 years  we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.Pfizer.com . In addition  to learn more  please visit us on www.Pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @Pfizer News  LinkedIn  YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer.Pfizer Disclosure NoticeThe information contained in this release is as of February 17  2023. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments.This release contains forward-looking information about an investigational Lyme disease vaccine candidate  VLA15  and a collaboration between Pfizer and Valneva for VLA15  including their potential benefits  VALOR  a Phase 3 clinical study investigating the efficacy  safety and immunogenicity of VLA15  and the timing of potential regulatory submissions  that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints  commencement and/or completion dates for our clinical trials  regulatory submission dates  regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates  including uncertainties relating to the time needed to recruit and enroll participants  and accrue cases in the Phase 3 trial  and uncertainties relating to an agreement with regulatory authorities on any modifications to the clinical trial plan as needed  as well as the possibility of unfavorable new clinical data and further analyses of existing clinical data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities; whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from our clinical studies; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for VLA15; whether and when any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities  which will depend on myriad factors  including making a determination as to whether the product's benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the product's efficacy and  if approved  whether VLA15 will be commercially successful; decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling  manufacturing processes  safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of VLA15; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain recommendations from vaccine advisory or technical committees and other public health authorities and uncertainties regarding the commercial impact of any such recommendations; whether our collaboration with Valneva will be successful; uncertainties regarding the impact of COVID-19 on Pfizer’s business  operations and financial results; and competitive developments.A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31  2021 and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q  including in the sections thereof captioned “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results”  as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K  all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress and recruitment of clinical trials  discussions with regulatory agencies  modifications to clinical trial plans  results of clinical trials  and timing for filing for potential regulatory approval of product candidates. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results or delays  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Media ContactsPfizerMedia Relations:PfizerMediaRelations@pfizer.com212-733-1226Investor Relations:IR@pfizer.com212-733-4848ValnevaLaëtitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +1 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comReferencesPfizer. Pfizer and Valneva Initiate Phase 3 Study of Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15. August 2022. Available at: https://www.pfizer.com/news/press-release/press-release-detail/pfizer-and-valneva-initiate-phase-3-study-lyme-disease. Accessed: February 2023. Valneva. Valneva and Pfizer Report Six-Month Antibody Persistence Data in Children and Adults for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate. December 2022. Available at: https://www.pfizer.com/news/press-release/press-release-detail/valneva-and-pfizer-report-six-month-antibody-persistence. Accessed: February 2023 Valneva. Valneva Pfizer Report Positive Phase 2 Pediatric Data for Lyme Vaccine Candidate. April 2022. Available at: https://valneva.com/press-release/valneva-and-pfizer-report-positive-phase-2-pediatric-data-for-lyme-disease-vaccine-candidate/ Accessed: July 2022. Valneva. Valneva Pfizer Report Positive Phase 2 Data for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate. February 2022. Available at: https://valneva.com/press-release/valneva-and-pfizer-report-further-positive-phase-2-data-for-lyme-disease-vaccine-candidate/ Accessed: July 2022. Valneva. Valneva and Pfizer Announce Collaboration to Co-Develop and Commercialize Lyme Disease Vaccine  VLA15. April 2020. Available at: https://valneva.com/press-release/valneva-and-pfizer-announce-collaboration-to-co-develop-and-commercialize-lyme-disease-vaccine-vla15/ Accessed: July 2022 . Valneva. Valneva and Pfizer Enter into Equity Subscription Agreement and Update Terms of Collaboration Agreement for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15. June 2022. Available at: https://valneva.com/press-release/valneva-and-pfizer-enter-into-an-equity-subscription-agreement-and-update-terms-of-collaboration-agreement-for-lyme-disease-vaccine-candidate-vla15/ Accessed: July 2022. Valneva. Valneva Receives FDA Fast track Designation for its Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15. July 2017. Available at: https://valneva.com/press-release/valneva-receives-fda-fast-track-designation-for-its-lyme-disease-vaccine-candidate-vla15/ Accessed: July 2022. Stanek G  Wormser GP  Gray J  et al. Lyme borreliosis. Lancet. 2012; 4;379(9814):461-73. Gern L  Falco RC. Lyme disease. Rev Sci Tech. 2000 Apr;19(1):121-35. Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Lyme Disease. Data and Surveillance. April 2021. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/lyme/datasurveillance/index.html?CDC_AA_refVal=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdc.gov%2Flyme%2Fstats%2Findex.html Accessed July 2022. Sykes RA  et al. An estimate of Lyme borreliosis incidence in Western Europe. Journal of Public Health 2017; 39(1): 74-81 Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Lyme Disease. Signs and Symptoms of Untreated Lyme disease. January 2021. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/lyme/signs_symptoms/index.html Accessed July 2022.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.23,0.06,0.71,True,English,"['Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15', 'Valneva Issue Update', 'Phase 3 Clinical Trial', 'Pfizer', 'six most common OspA serotypes', 'Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato species', 'investigational multivalent protein subunit vaccine', 'third-party clinical trial site operator', 'investigational Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'independent Institutional Review Board', 'outer surface protein A', 'participant-reported adverse event', 'Biologics License Application', 'Marketing Authorisation Application', 'Fast Track designation', 'expanding erythematous rash', 'mild stiff neck', 'health care products', 'Good Clinical Practice', 'clinical trial plan', 'European Medicines Agency', 'strong immune response', 'standard operating safeguards', 'Borrelia burgdorferi bacteria', 'U.S. Food', 'high scientific integrity', 'potential regulatory submission', 'clinical trial sites', 'Phase 2 clinical studies', 'satisfactory safety profile', 'other regulatory agencies', 'scientific quality standard', 'Phase 3 clinical study', 'U.S. FDA', 'investigational vaccine', 'potential vaccine', 'thorough review', 'Phase 3 studies', 'other sites', 'clinical trials', 'clinical researchers', 'regulatory authorities', 'innovative medicines', 'clinical development', 'English French', 'New York', 'Euronext Paris', 'significant percentage', 'Outdoor Recreationists', 'international ethical', 'third party', 'correct course', 'Drug Administration', 'successful completion', 'strong immunogenicity', 'tolerability profiles', 'North America', 'systemic infection', 'Ixodes ticks', 'vector-borne illness', 'Northern Hemisphere', 'true incidence', 'United States', 'Early symptoms', 'nonspecific symptoms', 'serious complications', 'nervous system', 'medical need', 'geographic footprint', 'global resources', 'potential violations', 'study sponsor', 'safety concerns', 'acceptable safety', 'data collection', 'robust data', 'participants’ interests', 'new participants', 'Valneva SE', 'collaboration agreement', 'study participants', 'Pfizer Inc.', 'Pfizer colleagues', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'February', 'PFE', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'VALOR', 'half', 'GCP', 'discontinuation', 'standards', 'operations', 'action', 'companies', 'MAA', 'modifications', 'evidence', 'confidence', 'efficacy', 'mechanism', 'humans', 'pre-clinical', 'April', 'updates', 'terms', 'June', 'program', 'July', '476,000 people', '130,000 people', 'fatigue', 'fever', 'headache', 'arthralgia', 'myalgia', 'joints', 'arthritis', 'heart', 'carditis', 'vaccination', 'Breakthroughs', 'Lives', 'science', 'value', 'discovery', 'manufacture', 'vaccines']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18731,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/17/2610930/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-NEGMA.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA   Negma Group Investment Ltd. has converted 320......,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMANegma Group Investment Ltd. has converted 320 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 800 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group Investment Ltd.’s EUR 15 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – February 17  2023 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of (i) 34 246 575 new ordinary shares on February 13  2023  for a total amount of EUR 400 000  as the result of the conversion of 160 class B convertible bonds  and (ii) 36 496 350 new ordinary shares on February 15  2023  for a total amount of EUR 400 000  as the result of the conversion of 160 class B convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group Investment Ltd.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 564 210 937  outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 493 468 012 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 77 506 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 564 210 937 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 564 210 937 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 694 000 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 694 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);976 874 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 976 874 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);534 688 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 534 688 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);582 248 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 582 248 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);80 convertible bonds issued on January 25  2023  entitling their holder (Negma Group Investment Ltd.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the issuance and subscription agreement entered into between the Company and Negma Group Investment Ltd. on August 26  2021  and the addenda thereto dated September 2  2022 and January 25  2023; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021.ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  06/04/2021  Press release Oxurion  02/09/2022 and Press release Oxurion  25/01/2023Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.26,0.37,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'NEGMA', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'Negma Group Investment Ltd.', 'EUR 15 million Capital Commitment1', '160 class B convertible bonds', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'EUR 800,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Such forward-looking statements', '34,246,575 new ordinary shares', '36,496,350 new ordinary shares', '564,210,937, outstanding ordinary shares', '493,468,012 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Israel) L.P.', '320 convertible bonds', '80 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'Share capital', 'regulated market', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'Voting Rights', '694,000 subscription rights', 'Total Number', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'subscription agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Conversion Notice', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'February', '07.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'January', 'terms', 'August', 'addenda', 'UK', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18732,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AUTOLIV-INC-11628/news/Autoliv-Board-of-Directors-approves-renewal-of-EMTN-Programme-43022105/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,Autoliv: Board of Directors approves renewal of EMTN Programme,(marketscreener.com) STOCKHOLM  Feb. 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Funding Committee of the Board of Directors of Autoliv  Inc. approved on February 14  2023 the renewal for one year of its €3 000 000 000 guaranteed euro medium term note programme   which wa…,"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Funding Committee of the Board of Directors of Autoliv  Inc. (NYSE: ALV) (SSE: ALIVsdb) (the ""Company"") approved on February 14  2023 the renewal for one year of its €3 000 000 000 guaranteed euro medium term note programme (the ""EMTN Programme"")  which was originally established on 11 April 2019.The renewal of the EMTN Programme will allow the Company to take advantage of the funding opportunities provided by the capital markets and institutional investors through the future issuance of notes (the ""Notes""). The Notes issued by the Company under the EMTN Programme will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company's subsidiary  Autoliv ASP  Inc. (the ""Guarantor"").The base listing particulars dated February 17  2023 (the ""Base Listing Particulars"")  which has been prepared by the Company and the Guarantor in connection with the EMTN Programme  has been approved by Euronext Dublin and is available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (http://www.ise.ie).InquiriesTreasury: Par-Ola Wirenlind  Tel +46 (0) 7 030 332 78Investors & Analysts: Anders Trapp  Tel +46 (0) 8 587 206 71Investors & Analysts: Henrik Kaar  Tel +46 (0)8 587 206 14Media: Gabriella Ekelund  Tel +46 (70) 612 64 24About AutolivAutoliv  Inc. (NYSE: ALV; Nasdaq Stockholm: ALIV.sdb) is the worldwide leader in automotive safety systems. Through our group companies  we develop  manufacture and market protective systems  such as airbags  seatbelts  and steering wheels for all major automotive manufacturers in the world as well as mobility safety solutions  such as pedestrian protection  connected safety services and safety solutions for riders of powered two wheelers. At Autoliv  we challenge and re-define the standards of mobility safety to sustainably deliver leading solutions. In 2022  our products saved close to 35 000 lives and reduced more than 450 000 injuries.Our close to 70 000 associates in 27 countries are passionate about our vision of Saving More Lives and quality is at the heart of everything we do. We drive innovation  research  and development at our 14 technical centers  with their 20 test tracks. Sales in 2022 amounted to US $ 8.8 billion. For more information go to www.autoliv.com.Important InformationNOTHING IN THIS COMMUNICATION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL  OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY  ANY SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES REFERRED TO IN THE BASE LISTING PARTICULARS (THE ""SECURITIES"") HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE ""SECURITIES ACT"")  OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES  AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO  OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF  U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS.Safe Harbor StatementThis communication contains statements that are not historical facts but rather forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include those that address activities  events or developments that Autoliv  Inc. or its management believes or anticipates may occur in the future. All forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations  various assumptions and data available from third parties.Our expectations and assumptions are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However  there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize or prove to be correct as forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual future results  performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results  performance or achievements expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements.Numerous risks  uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statements. For any forward-looking statements contained in this communication or any other document  we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  and we assume no obligation to update publicly or revise any such statements in light of new information or future events  except as required by law.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/751/3718209/1858691.pdf Autoliv: Board of Directors approves renewal of EMTN Programme (PDF)View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/autoliv-board-of-directors-approves-renewal-of-emtn-programme-301750181.htmlSOURCE Autoliv",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.03,0.4,True,English,"['EMTN Programme', 'Autoliv', 'Board', 'Directors', 'renewal', '€3,000,000,000 guaranteed euro medium term note programme', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT', 'market protective systems', 'major automotive manufacturers', 'close to 70,000 associates', 'U.S. PERSONS', 'automotive safety systems', 'connected safety services', 'base listing particulars', 'Safe Harbor Statement', 'LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS', 'The Funding Committee', 'mobility safety solutions', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'actual future results', 'actual results', 'EMTN Programme', 'funding opportunities', 'leading solutions', 'one year', 'capital markets', 'future issuance', 'Euronext Dublin', 'ise.ie', 'Inquiries Treasury', 'Par-Ola Wirenlind', 'Anders Trapp', 'Henrik Kaar', 'Gabriella Ekelund', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'ALIV.sdb', 'worldwide leader', 'group companies', 'steering wheels', 'two wheelers', '14 technical centers', '20 test tracks', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS', 'historical facts', 'third parties', 'good faith', 'reasonable basis', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Numerous risks', 'other document', 'following files', 'original content', 'Important Information', 'new information', 'pedestrian protection', 'More Lives', 'APPLICABLE STATE', 'current expectations', 'various assumptions', 'future events', 'institutional investors', 'Autoliv ASP', 'SOURCE Autoliv', '35,000 lives', 'Feb.', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Inc.', 'NYSE', 'ALV', 'SSE', 'ALIVsdb', 'Company', 'February', 'renewal', '11 April', 'advantage', 'notes', 'subsidiary', 'Guarantor', 'connection', 'website', 'Tel', 'Analysts', 'Media', 'airbags', 'seatbelts', 'riders', 'standards', 'products', '450,000 injuries', '27 countries', 'vision', 'quality', 'heart', 'everything', 'innovation', 'research', 'development', 'Sales', 'COMMUNICATION', 'OFFER', 'SELL', 'SOLICITATION', 'BUY', 'ACCOUNT', 'BENEFIT', 'REGULATION', 'EXEMPTION', 'TRANSACTION', 'meaning', 'activities', 'management', 'data', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'light', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', 'emtn-programme', '46']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18733,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/autoliv-board-of-directors-approves-renewal-of-emtn-programme-301750184.html,Autoliv: Board of Directors approves renewal of EMTN Programme,"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Funding Committee of the Board of Directors of Autoliv  Inc. (NYSE: ALV) (SSE: ALIVsdb) (the ""Company"") approved on February 14  2023 the renewal for one year of its €3 000 000 000 guaranteed euro medium term note …","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Funding Committee of the Board of Directors of Autoliv  Inc. (NYSE: ALV) (SSE: ALIVsdb) (the ""Company"") approved on February 14  2023 the renewal for one year of its €3 000 000 000 guaranteed euro medium term note programme (the ""EMTN Programme"")  which was originally established on 11 April 2019.The renewal of the EMTN Programme will allow the Company to take advantage of the funding opportunities provided by the capital markets and institutional investors through the future issuance of notes (the ""Notes""). The Notes issued by the Company under the EMTN Programme will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company's subsidiary  Autoliv ASP  Inc. (the ""Guarantor"").The base listing particulars dated February 17  2023 (the ""Base Listing Particulars"")  which has been prepared by the Company and the Guarantor in connection with the EMTN Programme  has been approved by Euronext Dublin and is available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (http://www.ise.ie).InquiriesTreasury: Par-Ola Wirenlind  Tel +46 (0) 7 030 332 78Investors & Analysts: Anders Trapp  Tel +46 (0) 8 587 206 71Investors & Analysts: Henrik Kaar  Tel +46 (0)8 587 206 14Media: Gabriella Ekelund  Tel +46 (70) 612 64 24About AutolivAutoliv  Inc. (NYSE: ALV; Nasdaq Stockholm: ALIV.sdb) is the worldwide leader in automotive safety systems. Through our group companies  we develop  manufacture and market protective systems  such as airbags  seatbelts  and steering wheels for all major automotive manufacturers in the world as well as mobility safety solutions  such as pedestrian protection  connected safety services and safety solutions for riders of powered two wheelers. At Autoliv  we challenge and re-define the standards of mobility safety to sustainably deliver leading solutions. In 2022  our products saved close to 35 000 lives and reduced more than 450 000 injuries.Our close to 70 000 associates in 27 countries are passionate about our vision of Saving More Lives and quality is at the heart of everything we do. We drive innovation  research  and development at our 14 technical centers  with their 20 test tracks. Sales in 2022 amounted to US $ 8.8 billion. For more information go to www.autoliv.com.Important InformationNOTHING IN THIS COMMUNICATION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL  OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY  ANY SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES REFERRED TO IN THE BASE LISTING PARTICULARS (THE ""SECURITIES"") HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE ""SECURITIES ACT"")  OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES  AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO  OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF  U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS.Safe Harbor StatementThis communication contains statements that are not historical facts but rather forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include those that address activities  events or developments that Autoliv  Inc. or its management believes or anticipates may occur in the future. All forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations  various assumptions and data available from third parties.Our expectations and assumptions are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However  there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize or prove to be correct as forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual future results  performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results  performance or achievements expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements.Numerous risks  uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statements. For any forward-looking statements contained in this communication or any other document  we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  and we assume no obligation to update publicly or revise any such statements in light of new information or future events  except as required by law.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/751/3718209/1858691.pdf Autoliv: Board of Directors approves renewal of EMTN Programme (PDF)SOURCE Autoliv",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.03,0.4,True,English,"['EMTN Programme', 'Autoliv', 'Board', 'Directors', 'renewal', '€3,000,000,000 guaranteed euro medium term note programme', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT', 'market protective systems', 'major automotive manufacturers', 'close to 70,000 associates', 'U.S. PERSONS', 'automotive safety systems', 'connected safety services', 'base listing particulars', 'Safe Harbor Statement', 'LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS', 'The Funding Committee', 'mobility safety solutions', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'actual future results', 'actual results', 'EMTN Programme', 'funding opportunities', 'leading solutions', 'one year', 'capital markets', 'future issuance', 'Euronext Dublin', 'ise.ie', 'Inquiries Treasury', 'Par-Ola Wirenlind', 'Anders Trapp', 'Henrik Kaar', 'Gabriella Ekelund', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'ALIV.sdb', 'worldwide leader', 'group companies', 'steering wheels', 'two wheelers', '14 technical centers', '20 test tracks', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS', 'historical facts', 'third parties', 'good faith', 'reasonable basis', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Numerous risks', 'other document', 'following files', 'Important Information', 'new information', 'pedestrian protection', 'More Lives', 'APPLICABLE STATE', 'current expectations', 'various assumptions', 'future events', 'institutional investors', 'Autoliv ASP', 'SOURCE Autoliv', '35,000 lives', 'Feb.', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Inc.', 'NYSE', 'ALV', 'SSE', 'ALIVsdb', 'Company', 'February', 'renewal', '11 April', 'advantage', 'notes', 'subsidiary', 'Guarantor', 'connection', 'website', 'Tel', 'Analysts', 'Media', 'airbags', 'seatbelts', 'riders', 'standards', 'products', '450,000 injuries', '27 countries', 'vision', 'quality', 'heart', 'everything', 'innovation', 'research', 'development', 'Sales', 'COMMUNICATION', 'OFFER', 'SELL', 'SOLICITATION', 'BUY', 'ACCOUNT', 'BENEFIT', 'REGULATION', 'EXEMPTION', 'TRANSACTION', 'meaning', 'activities', 'management', 'data', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'light', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', '46']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,prnewswire.co.uk
18734,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABIVAX-22387984/news/Abivax-appoints-Dr-Sheldon-Sloan-M-D-as-Chief-Medical-Officer-43014097/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,Abivax appoints Dr. Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  as Chief Medical Officer,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word: PersonnelAbivax appoints Dr. Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  as Chief Medical Officer 17.02.2023 / 08:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax app…,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): PersonnelAbivax appoints Dr. Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  as Chief Medical Officer17.02.2023 / 08:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax appoints Dr. Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  as Chief Medical OfficerSheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  has a strong track record in product development and commercial launches in the pharmaceutical industry with a focus on Inflammatory Bowel DiseaseAs CMO of Abivax  Dr. Sloan will play a critical role in the successful conduct and completion of the ongoing Phase 3 global clinical program with obefazimod for the treatment of ulcerative colitis (UC)  as well as in the subsequent global submissions and commercial launch preparationsDr. Sloan will be based in the US  establishing an Abivax office on the US East CoastPARIS  France  February 17  2023 – 08:00 a.m. (CET) – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today announced the appointment of Dr. Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  as new Chief Medical Officer  effective on March 1  2023. Dr. Sloan brings over 30 years of experience in academia and the biopharmaceutical industry  with an extensive track record in the field of Gastroenterology and Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD). He has spent the last 25 years of his career in large pharmaceutical and biotech companies  including 15 years in leading positions at J&J  followed by Arena Pharmaceuticals and then Pfizer as Program Lead for Etrasimod UC. He successfully managed late-stage clinical trial programs  global submissions and product launches in the IBD field.“We are excited to welcome Sheldon at Abivax and to benefit from his vast experience to drive the clinical and medical strategy and development of our Company in the years to come  said Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich  M.D.  CEO of Abivax. “His strong competencies will be particularly valuable to assist Abivax in conducting our ongoing Phase 3 clinical program with obefazimod for the treatment of UC patients. Further  Sheldon will be driving the strategy for future clinical development programs with obefazimod  first and foremost for Crohn’s disease. The Abivax team is now very much looking forward to leveraging our competencies and efforts with Sheldon and to advancing obefazimod towards potential global licensing and to make the drug candidate quickly available to all the patients in need of new effective treatment options  if approved.”Prior to joining Abivax  Dr. Sloan worked for Arena Pharmaceuticals and  after its acquisition  for Pfizer. He was Program Lead for Etrasimod UC  responsible for cross-functional leadership  planning and management  operational business process planning  and execution management of the Ulcerative Colitis program  including its global submission and launch. Before joining Arena Pharmaceuticals  Dr. Sloan held different leadership positions at J&J in Medical Affairs  R&D  and Science Policy. In his last position at J&J  he was Global Medical Affairs Leader for IBD  leading the global launch strategy and execution for Crohn’s Disease and Ulcerative Colitis for Stelara. Dr. Sloan also has a strong track record in bioethics and has been involved on different levels in questions addressing bioethics issues including animal care and use and human subjects research. Dr. Sloan holds an M.D. from Rush Medical College  Chicago  USA  and a Master of Bioethics from the University of Pennsylvania  USA. He has authored a large number of scientific publications and abstracts and contributed to various books in the gastroenterology and immunology fields.Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  CMO of Abivax  commented: “I am thrilled to join Abivax during these exciting and decisive times and to drive its late-stage clinical program with obefazimod for the treatment of UC through the pivotal studies and  if successful  towards global submissions and launch  if approved. I am excited to have the opportunity to contribute with my dedicated expertise in the IBD field to guide obefazimod through the medical  clinical and commercial steps and processes. I believe that this drug candidate could become a novel long-term therapy option addressing the still high unmet medical needs in the chronic inflammatory disease field and am committed to make sure its potential is fully realized for the benefit of the many patients suffering from IBD and other chronic inflammatory diseases.”*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 – Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858DISCLAIMERThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax’ management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.15,0.19,True,English,"['Dr. Sheldon Sloan', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'M.D.', 'Abivax', 'Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company', 'ongoing Phase 3 global clinical program', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'novel long-term therapy option', 'ongoing Phase 3 clinical program', 'high unmet medical needs', 'late-stage clinical trial programs', 'operational business process planning', 'Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich', 'other chronic inflammatory diseases', 'future clinical development programs', 'new Chief Medical Officer', 'new effective treatment options', 'Global Medical Affairs Leader', 'chronic inflammatory disease field', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'late-stage clinical program', 'extensive track record', 'human subjects research', 'Rush Medical College', 'Inflammatory Bowel Disease', 'strong track record', 'Euronext compartment B', 'subsequent global submissions', 'US East Coast', 'potential global licensing', 'Ulcerative Colitis program', 'different leadership positions', 'commercial launch preparations', 'The Abivax team', 'global launch strategy', 'lead drug candidate', 'Dr. Sheldon Sloan', 'medical, clinical', 'Program Lead', 'medical strategy', 'J&J', 'Dr. Sloan', 'leading positions', 'cross-functional leadership', 'different levels', 'product development', 'commercial launches', 'commercial steps', 'strong competencies', 'Key word', 'M.D.', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'critical role', 'successful conduct', 'immune system', 'large pharmaceutical', 'biotech companies', 'Arena Pharmaceuticals', 'product launches', 'R&D', 'Science Policy', 'last position', 'animal care', 'large number', 'scientific publications', 'various books', 'immunology fields', 'decisive times', 'pivotal studies', 'dedicated expertise', 'Truffle Capital', 'Mnémo', 'Euronext Paris', 'M. Bioethics', 'bioethics issues', 'IBD field', 'Etrasimod UC', 'vast experience', 'many patients', 'last 25 years', 'Abivax office', 'Abivax SA', 'UC patients', '30 years', '15 years', 'EQS-News', 'Personnel', '00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'focus', 'CMO', 'completion', 'obefazimod', 'France', 'February', '08:00 a', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'appointment', 'March', 'academia', 'Gastroenterology', 'career', 'Pfizer', 'CEO', 'Crohn', 'efforts', 'acquisition', 'management', 'execution', 'Stelara', 'questions', 'use', 'Chicago', 'USA', 'Master', 'University', 'Pennsylvania', 'abstracts', 'exciting', 'opportunity', 'processes', 'benefit', 'Montpellier', 'information']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18735,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301749269.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 16 February 2023  delivered 3 540 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €69.71). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 125 960. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0020%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.12,0.62,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '3,540 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '16 February', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,prnewswire.co.uk
18736,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GLOBAL-BIOENERGIES-8071529/news/Start-of-the-balloting-process-for-ASTM-certification-of-Global-Bioenergies-technology-to-Sustainab-43009774/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Start of the balloting process for ASTM certification of Global Bioenergies' technology to Sustainable Aviation Fuel,(marketscreener.com) Start of the balloting process for ASTM certification of Global Bioenergies’ technology to Sustainable Aviation Fuel Paris  16 February 2023: Global Bioenergies has the perspective to produce Sustainable Aviation Fuel through its bio-isob…,Start of the balloting process for ASTM certification of Global Bioenergies’ technology to Sustainable Aviation FuelParis  16 February 2023: Global Bioenergies has the perspective to produce Sustainable Aviation Fuel (“SAF”) through its bio-isobutene technology  and has worked these last years on the ASTM international certification procedure. The balloting process  a key step for such certification  is now scheduled.How it works:Air transportation industry requires the fuel it uses to be certified by ASTM international. SAF is certified worldwide according to ASTM standard D7566  with an annex describing the fuel specification requirements and maximum blend percentage with conventional jet fuels. This standard allows the certified products to be considered as ‘drop-in’ fuels  meaning they can safely be used in existing commercial aircraft and aviation fuel infrastructure at international level. Inclusion of new SAF production pathways in the standard requires an extensive evaluation of the performance of the fuel followed by a balloting procedure.Key steps:1. 2018-2023: evaluation of the fuel performance by the US Federal Aviation Administration  the two main airplane manufacturers (Airbus and Boeing) and the five main engine manufacturers (Rolls Royce  GE aviation  Safran  Pratt & Whitney  Honeywell).2. Starting on 27 February 2023 and ongoing over several weeks: balloting process at ASTM D02 subcommittee J containing key aviation industry stakeholders. To proceed with the certification  unanimous agreement on the proposed changes to the standard are required.3. June 2023: If the above subcommittee voting round is positive  final consensus at the ASTM D02 main committee is sought through a second ballot session.Bernard Chaud  Head of industrial strategy at Global Bioenergies  declares: “Our collaboration with SkyNRG  the worldwide leader fostering the development of SAF  took place in the frame of the EU project REWOFUEL. Reaching the ballot stage of the ASTM certification process is a great milestone for us. We’ll stay very attentive to all ASTM members comments during the process  so as to provide all the answers and guarantees for commercial application to aeronautics.”Marc Delcourt  Co-founder and CEO at Global Bioenergies  adds: “A positive vote of the ASTM subcommittee J would be an amazing achievement for Global Bioenergies as only seven technologies have been certified so far. But in no case could we talk about crossing a finish line: such a positive decision would in fact become the concrete starting point of our SAF project. Improving further the performances of the process  as well as funding and building a large plant allowing the cost to be compatible with commercial application to air transportation will be a long journey.”Maarten van Dijk  Co-founder and Chief Development Officer at SkyNRG states: “Collaboration between key industry experts is what is needed to drive innovation and build a more sustainableaviation industry. The partnership with Global Bioenergies is a perfect example of this. Jointly realizing ASTM certification of their isobutene-to-SAF pathway will be a significant milestone for this new technology. At SkyNRG we see this as an important step towards meeting the rising demand for sustainable aviation fuel in the future and help the aviation industry reduce its carbon footprint and reach the target of net zero by 2050.”About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESinvest@global-bioenergies.comPRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"[""Global Bioenergies' technology"", 'Sustainable Aviation Fuel', 'balloting process', 'ASTM certification', 'Start', 'two main airplane manufacturers', 'five main engine manufacturers', 'ASTM D02 main committee', 'US Federal Aviation Administration', 'ASTM D02 subcommittee J', 'new SAF production pathways', 'key aviation industry stakeholders', 'ASTM international certification procedure', 'ASTM subcommittee J', 'subcommittee voting round', 'maximum blend percentage', 'ASTM members comments', 'concrete starting point', 'Maarten van Dijk', 'natural make-up brand', 'second ballot session', 'major cosmetics companies', 'fuel specification requirements', 'existing commercial aircraft', 'key industry experts', 'aviation fuel infrastructure', 'conventional jet fuels', 'Chief Development Officer', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Air transportation industry', 'Sustainable Aviation Fuel', 'ASTM standard D7566', 'ASTM certification process', 'Global Bioenergies’ technology', 'new technology', 'cosmetics industry', 'balloting procedure', 'GE aviation', 'international level', 'key step', 'key ingredient', 'ballot stage', 'bio-isobutene technology', 'commercial application', 'global warming', 'Rolls Royce', 'several weeks', 'unanimous agreement', 'final consensus', 'Bernard Chaud', 'industrial strategy', 'worldwide leader', 'EU project', 'great milestone', 'Marc Delcourt', 'positive vote', 'amazing achievement', 'seven technologies', 'finish line', 'positive decision', 'large plant', 'long journey', 'perfect example', 'significant milestone', 'important step', 'rising demand', 'carbon footprint', 'plant-derived resources', 'materials sectors', 'first long-lasting', 'long run', 'road sector', 'news feed', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'Iva Baytcheva', 'Nicolas Daniels', 'fuel performance', 'balloting process', 'SAF project', 'SAF pathway', 'extensive evaluation', 'perspective', 'annex', 'certified', 'products', 'Inclusion', 'Airbus', 'Boeing', 'Safran', 'Pratt', 'Whitney', 'Honeywell', '27 February', 'changes', 'June', 'Head', 'collaboration', 'SkyNRG', 'place', 'frame', 'REWOFUEL', 'answers', 'guarantees', 'aeronautics', 'founder', 'CEO', 'case', 'performances', 'funding', 'cost', 'innovation', 'partnership', 'future', 'target', 'net', 'compounds', 'energy', 'LAST®', 'Isonaturane®', 'naturalness', 'formulas', '2 emissions', 'ALGBE', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'ndaniels', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18737,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIXIUM-VISION-16603793/news/Second-convening-of-the-Extraordinary-Shareholder-Meeting-on-March-8-2023-43010460/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Second convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023,(marketscreener.com) Second convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023 Paris  France  February 16  2023 – 6.00 pm CET – Pixium Vision SA   a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who …,Second convening of the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting on March 8  2023Paris  France  February 16  2023 – 6.00 pm CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  informs its shareholders that its extraordinary shareholder meeting  convened a second call to vote on the same agenda as the extraordinary shareholder meeting of February 15  2023. The meeting will be held on Wednesday  March 8  2023 at 10:30 a.m. at the Company's registered office. The extraordinary shareholder meeting of the Company initially scheduled for February 15  2023 could not deliberate as it did not obtain the legally required quorum. The shareholders present  having given a proxy or having voted by mail  represented together 16 101 576 shares out of the 77 190 979 shares with voting rights (i.e. a quorum representing 20.86% of the share capital).The meeting notice announcing the second call will be published in the BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) on February 24  2023 and will contain the terms and conditions of participation and voting.In accordance with the provisions of Articles R. 225-77 and R. 225-79 of the French Commercial Code  the proxy or postal voting forms received by the Company for the initial extraordinary shareholder meeting that was scheduled on February 15  2023  will remain valid as long as the shares are still registered.The agenda and the text of the resolutions of the initial extraordinary shareholder meeting  that was scheduled on February 15  2023  in the notice that was published in the BALO n°12 of January 27  2023  remain unchanged.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The Company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 31Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'Second convening', 'March', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'initial extraordinary shareholder meeting', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'French Commercial Code', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'postal voting forms', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'la Vision', 'University hospital', 'meeting notice', 'Second convening', 'independent lives', 'second call', 'registered office', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Media Relations', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Investor Relations', 'same agenda', 'BALO n°', 'Sophie Baumont', 'bioelectronics company', 'March', 'France', 'February', 'patients', 'sight', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', '10:30 a', 'quorum', 'proxy', 'mail', '16,101,576 shares', '77,190,979 shares', 'terms', 'conditions', 'participation', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'R.', 'text', 'resolutions', 'January', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'The', 'Entreprise', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'gvanrenterghem', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Attachment', '6.00', '41']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18738,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ANTIN-INFRASTRUCTURE-PART-127080817/news/Antin-Infrastructure-Partners-S-A-invests-in-PearlX-an-innovative-US-smart-grid-infrastructure-pl-43013749/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230217,Antin Infrastructure Partners S A : invests in PearlX  an innovative US smart grid infrastructure platform,(marketscreener.com)  Antin invests in PearlX  an innovative US smart grid infrastructure platform  17 February 2023    PearlX marks the first investment in North America for Antin's NextGen platform and is positioned to play a key role in US decarboniz…,"17 February 2023PearlX marks the first investment in North America for Antin's NextGen platform and is positioned to play a key role in US decarbonization initiativesNew York  Paris  LondonAntin Infrastructure Partners announced today that it has invested in a majority stake in PearlX  an owner and operator of fully integrated smart grid infrastructure systems. PearlX provides an innovative solution that decarbonizes existing multi-family rental properties and provides residents with cheaper  cleaner  and more reliable energy.PearlX  founded by Michael Huerta and Peter Mendonez in 2019  is the first mover of scale of smart grid infrastructure in the US multi-family residential housing segment. Through a proven state-of-the-art solution combining rooftop solar panels  communal battery storage and community electrification  PearlX works with landlords to optimize their ""energy estate"". This provides renters with backup power and bill savings  and landlords with new income streams  community amenities and improved ESG performance.The investment will be deployed to scale up the team and platform  execute on a robust pipeline of solar and storage systems  and continue to expand electrification offerings to underserved multi-family rental communities in California  Texas  and across the US. As the first US investment of Antin's NextGen platform  PearlX joins a unique portfolio that includes SNRG  a UK-focused smart grid platform  and two European electric vehicle charging platforms  Power Dot and RAW Charging.Michael Huerta  PearlX co-founder and CEO stated: ""Antin's investment in PearlX along with our management team's experience in renewable energy and community solar provides a world-class foundation for our shared vision of smart grid infrastructure platforms. We are excited to partner with Antin to scale our solution and deliver cleaner  resilient  and more accessible energy solutions to additional middle-to-lower income rental communities.""Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet and Rakesh Shankar  NextGen Partners at Antin commented: ""PearlX fully aligns with NextGen's mission of identifying and building tomorrow's sustainable and connected infrastructure landscape. We look forward to working with the exceptional PearlX team to further these important goals.""About PearlXPearlX is a smart-grid  clean electrification company that owns and operates renewable energy infrastructure. PearlX's mission is to provide energy accessibility  protection and affordability for multifamily renters across the United States. The company partners with multifamily landlords to deploy future-proof infrastructure and create economic benefits for communities. As families increasingly face climate-linked adversity including blackouts  higher temperatures and more extreme weather events  PearlX seeks to restore resilience and reliability.About Antin Infrastructure PartnersAntin Infrastructure Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on infrastructure. With over €30 billion in assets under management across its Flagship  Mid Cap and NextGen investment strategies  Antin targets investments in the energy and environment  digital  transport and social infrastructure sectors. With offices in Paris  London  New York  Singapore and Luxembourg  Antin employs approximately 200 professionals dedicated to growing  improving and transforming infrastructure businesses while delivering long-term value to portfolio companies and investors. Majority owned by its partners  Antin is listed on Euronext Paris (Ticker: ANTIN - ISIN: FR0014005AL0).Media ContactsAntin Infrastructure PartnersNicolle Graugnard  Communication DirectorEmail: nicolle.graugnard@antin-ip.comLudmilla Binet  Head of Shareholder RelationsEmail: ludmilla.binet@antin-ip.comBrunswickEmail: antinip@brunswickgroup.comTristan Roquet Montegon +33 (0) 6 37 00 52 57Gabriel Jabès +33 (0) 6 40 87 08 14PearlX InfrastructureJimmy Benjamin  Market Research and Development AssociateEmail: jkb@pearlxinfra.comIncus MediaEmail: miguel.afonso@incus-media.comMiguel Afonso +44 (0) 1737 215 200",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['innovative US smart grid infrastructure platform', 'Antin Infrastructure Partners', 'S A', 'PearlX', 'two European electric vehicle charging platforms', 'US multi-family residential housing segment', 'integrated smart grid infrastructure systems', 'leading private equity firm', 'smart grid infrastructure platforms', 'existing multi-family rental properties', 'UK-focused smart grid platform', 'lower income rental communities', 'smart-grid, clean electrification company', 'multi-family rental communities', 'US decarbonization initiatives', 'extreme weather events', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'Gabriel Jabès', 'connected infrastructure landscape', 'social infrastructure sectors', 'new income streams', 'communal battery storage', 'accessible energy solutions', 'rooftop solar panels', 'renewable energy infrastructure', 'first US investment', 'NextGen investment strategies', 'Antin Infrastructure Partners', 'exceptional PearlX team', 'storage systems', 'RAW Charging', 'future-proof infrastructure', 'infrastructure businesses', 'community electrification', 'electrification offerings', 'NextGen Partners', 'first investment', 'New York', 'first mover', 'NextGen platform', 'reliable energy', 'energy estate', 'energy accessibility', 'PearlX Infrastructure', 'North America', 'key role', 'Michael Huerta', 'Peter Mendonez', 'backup power', 'bill savings', 'community amenities', 'ESG performance', 'robust pipeline', 'unique portfolio', 'Power Dot', 'community solar', 'world-class foundation', 'Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet', 'Rakesh Shankar', 'important goals', 'United States', 'economic benefits', 'climate-linked adversity', 'higher temperatures', 'Mid Cap', 'digital, transport', 'long-term value', 'portfolio companies', 'Communication Director', 'Shareholder Relations', 'Jimmy Benjamin', 'Market Research', 'Development Associate', 'miguel.afonso', 'Miguel Afonso', 'Media Contacts', 'Incus Media', 'majority stake', 'management team', 'multifamily renters', 'Nicolle Graugnard', 'Ludmilla Binet', 'innovative solution', 'multifamily landlords', 'Euronext Paris', 'February', 'London', 'owner', 'operator', 'residents', 'scale', 'California', 'Texas', 'SNRG', 'founder', 'CEO', 'experience', 'vision', 'additional', 'mission', 'tomorrow', 'sustainable', 'protection', 'affordability', 'families', 'blackouts', 'resilience', 'reliability', 'assets', 'Flagship', 'investments', 'environment', 'offices', 'Singapore', 'Luxembourg', '200 professionals', 'transforming', 'investors', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'Email', 'Head', 'Brunswick', 'jkb']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18739,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHERECYDES-PHARMA-118443693/news/Pherecydes-Pharma-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-43000346/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Pherecydes Pharma : Inside Information / Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Not for distribution in the United States  Canada  Japan  Australia  South Africa  or Italy.   This press release does not constitute an offer to purchase any securities   ERYTECH and PHERECYDES   Announce …,"completion of the Proposed Merger  all of the assets and liabilities of PHERECYDES will be transferred to ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will be dissolved.On February 15  2023  ERYTECH and PHERECYDES entered into a memorandum of understanding (the ""Memorandum of Understanding"") and expect to execute a definitive merger agreement (projet de fusion) to combine the companies in an all-share transaction  subject to the information-consultation process with ERYTECH's Social and Economic Committee (""CSE"").Under the terms of the Memorandum of Understanding  PHERECYDES shareholders would receive 15 new ERYTECH shares for every 4 PHERECYDES shares they currently own.Upon completion of the transaction  PHERECYDES shareholders are expected to hold approximately 49.5% of the share capital and voting rights of ERYTECH1.The transaction is fully supported by key shareholders of both ERYTECH and PHERECYDES  namely Auriga Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga Ventures III) and Recordati SpA on ERYTECH's side and Elaia Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga IV Bioseeds)  Go Capital (acting on behalf of Ouest Ventures III) and a pool of shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud on PHERECYDES' side.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris. The transaction will not affect this dual listing.Anticipated timeline and next stepsThe Memorandum of Understanding has been unanimously approved by each of ERYTECH's and PHERECYDES' board of directors.The Memorandum of Understanding provides for customary no-shop provisions by ERYTECH and PHERECYDES and customary interim covenants until completion of the Proposed Merger.The transaction is not subject to any clearance from regulatory authorities. The Social and Economic Committee of ERYTECH will be informed and consulted on the operation  in compliance with the applicable regulations.The Social and Economic Committee of ERYTECH will be informed and consulted on the transaction  in accordance with applicable law.A merger auditor will be appointed by the President of the Lyon Commercial Court to prepare reports on the value of the contributions and the fairness of the exchange ratio under the Proposed Merger  which will not result in the preparation of a prospectus but in the filing of an exemption document with the French stock markets authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers).The Extraordinary General Meetings (EGMs) of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will be called upon to vote on the Proposed Merger  currently expected to be convened at the end of the first half of 2023 (or early second half of 2023). The resolutions to approve the Proposed Merger must obtain  at the level of each company  the positive vote of two thirds of the shareholders present or represented. The EGM of ERYTECH will also be called to approve a new name for the merged company  to mark the start of a new development stage for the combined operations.ERYTECH received commitments from Auriga Partners (acting on behalf of Auriga Ventures III) and Recordati SpA  which together represent approximately 4.67% of the share capital and 8.91% of the voting rights of1 On the basis of the PHERECYDES and ERYTECH share capital diluted only with the respective instruments (mainly BSCPE and free shares) in the money and taking into account the Pherecydes share capital increase referred to in footnote 2 below.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.94,0.05,0.01,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Pherecydes Pharma', 'Information', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French stock markets authority', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'The Extraordinary General Meetings', 'Pherecydes share capital increase', 'Euronext regulated market', 'Mr. Guy Rigaud', 'customary no-shop provisions', 'customary interim covenants', 'Lyon Commercial Court', 'new development stage', 'Auriga IV Bioseeds', 'early second half', 'Auriga Ventures III', 'definitive merger agreement', 'ERYTECH share capital', '15 new ERYTECH shares', 'new name', 'Auriga Partners', 'Go Capital', 'first half', 'free shares', 'projet de', 'information-consultation process', 'Economic Committee', 'voting rights', 'Recordati SpA', 'Elaia Partners', 'United States', 'dual listing', 'Anticipated timeline', 'next steps', 'regulatory authorities', 'applicable regulations', 'applicable law', 'exchange ratio', 'exemption document', 'positive vote', 'two thirds', 'combined operations', 'respective instruments', '4 PHERECYDES shares', 'The Social', 'share transaction', 'Proposed Merger', 'merger auditor', ""PHERECYDES' board"", 'key shareholders', 'The Memorandum', 'merged company', 'PHERECYDES shareholders', ""PHERECYDES' side"", 'completion', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'February', 'understanding', 'fusion', 'companies', 'CSE', 'terms', 'behalf', 'pool', 'Paris', 'directors', 'clearance', 'compliance', 'accordance', 'President', 'reports', 'value', 'contributions', 'fairness', 'preparation', 'prospectus', 'filing', 'EGMs', 'end', 'resolutions', 'level', 'start', 'commitments', 'basis', 'BSCPE', 'money', 'account', 'footnote']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18740,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301750087.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 17  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 17 February 2023  delivered 165 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €94.82). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 126 125. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0001%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.08,0.66,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '165 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '17 February', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,prnewswire.co.uk
18741,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WENDEL-4671/news/Wendel-Growth-invests-in-Brigad-an-online-tool-connecting-self-employed-professionals-with-hospital-43001359/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230216,Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments,(marketscreener.com)  Press release – February 16  2023 Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments Wendel   through its Wendel Growth1 investment arm  announced today the ac…,"Press release – February 16  2023Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishmentsWendel (Euronext: MF.FP)  through its Wendel Growth1 investment arm  announced today the acquisition of a minority stake in Brigad with an equity investment of €7 million.Brigad is an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments.Brigad meets a dual need:offering companies operating in tense sectors the support they need by connecting them with a community of around 15 000 skilled professionals and meeting the growing demand for more flexible and diversified work patterns. Indeed  self-employed professionals are free  allowing them to choose their missions and arrange their work  according to their personal schedule and professional objectives.Founded in 2016  Brigad has been a mission-driven company since 2020. It now operates in the 5 main cities in France (Paris  Lyon  Lille  Bordeaux and Marseille) as well as in London  Manchester and Birmingham. Brigad has 150 employees.Antoine Izsak  Head of Growth Equity  said:« We have been very impressed by the level of satisfaction expressed by talents and companies who are using Brigad. We look forward to working with Brigad to expand the company's mission and technical skills of its teams far beyond its current borders  into new geographies and sectors.”Florent Malbranche  Brigad CEO  stated:""We are delighted to welcome Wendel into Brigad's capital as it shows its willingness to invest and promote professions. In addition  its financial expertise will be a major asset for Brigad's future growth.""About Wendel Growth:With Wendel Growth (formerly Wendel Lab)  Wendel invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies. With close to €192 million already committed through the initiative in recent years  Wendel Growth seeks direct investment and coinvestment opportunities in startups. To make these direct investments  like the 2019 investment in AlphaSense and Tadaweb that should be finalized in 2023  Wendel Growth is supported by a team experienced in this asset class  including Antoine Izsak  who joined Wendel early 2022 as Head of Growth Equity. Mr. Izsak was previously Investment Director at Bpifrance. Wendel’s ambition is to invest up to €50 million in scale ups in Europe and North America and will continue to invest in funds.More information: https://www.wendelgroup.com/en/companies/wendel-growth/1 Formerly Wendel LabAgendaMarch 17  20232022 Full Year Results—Publication of NAV as of December 31  2022 (pre-market release)April 28  2023Q1 2023 Trading update—Publication of NAV as of March 31  2023 (pre-market release)June 15  2023Annual General MeetingJuly 28  2023H1 2023 results—Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (pre-market release).October 27  2023Q3 2023 Trading update—Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (pre-market release).December 7  20232023 Investor DayAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['Wendel Growth', 'online tool', 'self-employed professionals', 'care establishments', 'Brigad', 'hospitality', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Wendel Growth1 investment arm', 'Q1 2023 Trading update', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', '2023 Investor Day Attachment', '2022 Full Year Results', 'diversified work patterns', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'Wendel Lab Agenda', 'care establishments Wendel', 'financial expertise', 'H1 2023 results', 'equity investment', 'direct investment', 'Investment Director', 'Press release', 'online tool', 'self-employed professionals', 'MF.FP', 'minority stake', 'dual need', '15,000 skilled professionals', 'growing demand', 'personal schedule', 'professional objectives', '5 main cities', 'Antoine Izsak', 'Growth Equity', 'technical skills', 'current borders', 'new geographies', 'Florent Malbranche', 'major asset', 'future growth', 'recent years', 'coinvestment opportunities', 'asset class', 'Mr. Izsak', 'scale ups', 'North America', 'More information', 'pre-market release', 'tense sectors', 'mission-driven company', 'Brigad CEO', '2019 investment', 'February', 'hospitality', 'Euronext', 'acquisition', 'support', 'community', 'flexible', 'missions', 'France', 'Paris', 'Lyon', 'Lille', 'Bordeaux', 'Marseille', 'London', 'Manchester', 'Birmingham', '150 employees', 'Head', 'level', 'satisfaction', 'talents', 'teams', 'capital', 'willingness', 'professions', 'addition', 'funds', 'initiative', 'startups', 'AlphaSense', 'Tadaweb', 'ambition', 'Europe', 'wendelgroup', 'wendel-growth', 'March', 'Publication', 'NAV', 'December', 'April', 'June', 'July', 'October', 'September']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,marketscreener.com
18742,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609341/0/en/Wendel-Growth-invests-in-Brigad-an-online-tool-connecting-self-employed-professionals-with-hospitality-and-care-establishments.html,Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments,Press release – February 16  2023       Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality...,"English FrenchPress release – February 16  2023Wendel Growth invests in Brigad  an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishmentsWendel (Euronext: MF.FP)  through its Wendel Growth1 investment arm  announced today the acquisition of a minority stake in Brigad with an equity investment of €7 million.Brigad is an online tool connecting self-employed professionals with hospitality and care establishments.Brigad meets a dual need:offering companies operating in tense sectors the support they need by connecting them with a community of around 15 000 skilled professionals and meeting the growing demand for more flexible and diversified work patterns. Indeed  self-employed professionals are free  allowing them to choose their missions and arrange their work  according to their personal schedule and professional objectives.Founded in 2016  Brigad has been a mission-driven company since 2020. It now operates in the 5 main cities in France (Paris  Lyon  Lille  Bordeaux and Marseille) as well as in London  Manchester and Birmingham. Brigad has 150 employees.Antoine Izsak  Head of Growth Equity  said:« We have been very impressed by the level of satisfaction expressed by talents and companies who are using Brigad. We look forward to working with Brigad to expand the company's mission and technical skills of its teams far beyond its current borders  into new geographies and sectors.”Florent Malbranche  Brigad CEO  stated:""We are delighted to welcome Wendel into Brigad's capital as it shows its willingness to invest and promote professions. In addition  its financial expertise will be a major asset for Brigad's future growth.""About Wendel Growth:With Wendel Growth (formerly Wendel Lab)  Wendel invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies. With close to €192 million already committed through the initiative in recent years  Wendel Growth seeks direct investment and coinvestment opportunities in startups. To make these direct investments  like the 2019 investment in AlphaSense and Tadaweb that should be finalized in 2023  Wendel Growth is supported by a team experienced in this asset class  including Antoine Izsak  who joined Wendel early 2022 as Head of Growth Equity. Mr. Izsak was previously Investment Director at Bpifrance. Wendel’s ambition is to invest up to €50 million in scale ups in Europe and North America and will continue to invest in funds.More information: https://www.wendelgroup.com/en/companies/wendel-growth/1 Formerly Wendel LabAgendaMarch 17  20232022 Full Year Results—Publication of NAV as of December 31  2022 (pre-market release)April 28  2023Q1 2023 Trading update—Publication of NAV as of March 31  2023 (pre-market release)June 15  2023Annual General MeetingJuly 28  2023H1 2023 results—Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (pre-market release).October 27  2023Q3 2023 Trading update—Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (pre-market release).December 7  20232023 Investor DayAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Wendel Growth', 'online tool', 'self-employed professionals', 'care establishments', 'Brigad', 'hospitality', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Wendel Growth1 investment arm', 'Q1 2023 Trading update', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', '2023 Investor Day Attachment', '2022 Full Year Results', 'diversified work patterns', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'Wendel Lab Agenda', 'care establishments Wendel', 'financial expertise', 'H1 2023 results', 'equity investment', 'direct investment', 'Investment Director', 'English French', 'Press release', 'online tool', 'self-employed professionals', 'MF.FP', 'minority stake', 'dual need', '15,000 skilled professionals', 'growing demand', 'personal schedule', 'professional objectives', '5 main cities', 'Antoine Izsak', 'Growth Equity', 'technical skills', 'current borders', 'new geographies', 'Florent Malbranche', 'major asset', 'future growth', 'recent years', 'coinvestment opportunities', 'asset class', 'Mr. Izsak', 'scale ups', 'North America', 'More information', 'pre-market release', 'tense sectors', 'mission-driven company', 'Brigad CEO', '2019 investment', 'February', 'hospitality', 'Euronext', 'acquisition', 'support', 'community', 'flexible', 'missions', 'France', 'Paris', 'Lyon', 'Lille', 'Bordeaux', 'Marseille', 'London', 'Manchester', 'Birmingham', '150 employees', 'Head', 'level', 'satisfaction', 'talents', 'teams', 'capital', 'willingness', 'professions', 'addition', 'funds', 'initiative', 'startups', 'AlphaSense', 'Tadaweb', 'ambition', 'Europe', 'wendelgroup', 'wendel-growth', 'March', 'Publication', 'NAV', 'December', 'April', 'June', 'October', 'September']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18743,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2609425/0/en/IVECO-BUS-wins-a-tender-for-120-electric-buses-in-Italy.html,IVECO BUS wins a tender for 120 electric buses in Italy,Turin  16th February 2023. IVECO BUS  a brand of Iveco Group N.V. (MI: IVG)  has been awarded a public tender for the supply of 120 E-WAY full electric city buses for Autoguidovie Group  the largest Italian privately owned local public transport company.,Turin  16th February 2023. IVECO BUS  a brand of Iveco Group N.V. (MI: IVG)  has been awarded a public tender for the supply of 120 E-WAY full electric city buses for Autoguidovie Group  the largest Italian privately owned local public transport company.The vehicles will be deployed in the various areas served by Autoguidovie  with deliveries beginning in the second half of 2023. The E-WAY bus is the result of IVECO BUS twenty years of experience in developing and producing alternative drive vehicles: it offers high comfort  with smooth  silent and vibration-free driving and acceleration  an excellent ratio between autonomy and passenger transport capacity  and the required power to ensure a full day of operation.Domenico Nucera  President  Bus Business Unit  Iveco Group  said: “We are honored by the trust that customers throughout Europe are placing in our company and our vehicles. And we are glad to be contributing to the ongoing global evolution of public transport towards a zero-emission future. This win is further confirmation that our emission-free mobility solutions can satisfy the different demands of various customers in terms of sustainability  reliability and efficiency.”Stefano Rossi  CEO of Autoguidovie  said: “Our Group is pursuing the virtuous path towards zero-impact mobility. The purchase of electric buses represents the natural continuation for a company that already has one of the most modern and environmentally friendly fleets in Italy and has always promoted public transport as a driver of growth for local communities  businesses and people in the country.”IVECO BUS is the mass-transit and premium bus and coach brand of Iveco Group  a Company headquartered in Turin and listed on the Euronext Milan stock exchange. IVECO BUS is poised to produce low-to-zero emission buses in a new site soon to be inaugurated in Foggia  Italy.Iveco Group N.V. (MI: IVG) is the home of unique people and brands that power your business and mission to advance a more sustainable society. The eight brands are each a major force in its specific business: IVECO  a pioneering commercial vehicles brand that designs  manufactures  and markets heavy  medium  and light-duty trucks; FPT Industrial  a global leader in a vast array of advanced powertrain technologies in the agriculture  construction  marine  power generation  and commercial vehicles sectors; IVECO BUS and HEULIEZ  mass-transit and premium bus and coach brands; IDV  for highly-specialised defence and civil protection equipment; ASTRA  a leader in large-scale heavy-duty quarry and construction vehicles; MAGIRUS  the industry-reputed firefighting vehicle and equipment manufacturer; and IVECO CAPITAL  the financing arm which supports them all. Iveco Group employs approximately 34 000 people around the world and has 28 manufacturing plants and 29 R&D centres. Further information is available on the Company’s website www.ivecogroup.comMedia Contacts:Francesco Polsinelli  Tel: +39 335 1776091Fabio Lepore  Tel: +39 335 7469007E-mail: mediarelations@ivecogroup.comAttachments,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['IVECO BUS', '120 electric buses', 'tender', 'Italy', 'largest Italian privately owned local public transport company', '120 E-WAY full electric city buses', 'Euronext Milan stock exchange', 'Iveco Group N.V.', 'pioneering commercial vehicles brand', 'passenger transport capacity', 'zero emission buses', 'The E-WAY bus', 'environmentally friendly fleets', 'advanced powertrain technologies', 'large-scale heavy-duty quarry', 'industry-reputed firefighting vehicle', '29 R&D centres', 'commercial vehicles sectors', 'ongoing global evolution', 'emission-free mobility solutions', 'civil protection equipment', 'alternative drive vehicles', 'Bus Business Unit', 'local communities', 'electric buses', 'public tender', 'full day', 'zero-impact mobility', 'equipment manufacturer', 'IVECO BUS', 'coach brand', 'IVECO CAPITAL', 'premium bus', '16th February', 'various areas', 'second half', 'twenty years', 'high comfort', 'smooth, silent', 'vibration-free driving', 'excellent ratio', 'Domenico Nucera', 'zero-emission future', 'different demands', 'Stefano Rossi', 'virtuous path', 'natural continuation', 'new site', 'sustainable society', 'major force', 'specific business', 'light-duty trucks', 'FPT Industrial', 'global leader', 'vast array', 'financing arm', '28 manufacturing plants', 'Further information', 'Media Contacts', 'Francesco Polsinelli', 'Fabio Lepore', 'construction vehicles', 'Autoguidovie Group', 'eight brands', 'various customers', 'power generation', 'unique people', '34,000 people', 'IVG', 'supply', 'deliveries', 'result', 'experience', 'acceleration', 'autonomy', 'operation', 'President', 'trust', 'Europe', 'win', 'confirmation', 'terms', 'sustainability', 'reliability', 'efficiency', 'CEO', 'purchase', 'modern', 'Italy', 'driver', 'growth', 'businesses', 'country', 'mass-transit', 'low', 'Foggia', 'home', 'manufactures', 'markets', 'agriculture', 'marine', 'HEULIEZ', 'IDV', 'defence', 'ASTRA', 'MAGIRUS', 'world', 'website', 'mail', 'mediarelations', 'ivecogroup', 'Attachments']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18744,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/16/2610088/0/en/Start-of-the-balloting-process-for-ASTM-certification-of-Global-Bioenergies-technology-to-Sustainable-Aviation-Fuel.html,Start of the balloting process for ASTM certification of Global Bioenergies’ technology to Sustainable Aviation Fuel,Start of the balloting process for ASTM certification of Global Bioenergies’ technology to Sustainable Aviation Fuel  Paris  16 February 2023: Global......,French EnglishStart of the balloting process for ASTM certification of Global Bioenergies’ technology to Sustainable Aviation FuelParis  16 February 2023: Global Bioenergies has the perspective to produce Sustainable Aviation Fuel (“SAF”) through its bio-isobutene technology  and has worked these last years on the ASTM international certification procedure. The balloting process  a key step for such certification  is now scheduled.How it works:Air transportation industry requires the fuel it uses to be certified by ASTM international. SAF is certified worldwide according to ASTM standard D7566  with an annex describing the fuel specification requirements and maximum blend percentage with conventional jet fuels. This standard allows the certified products to be considered as ‘drop-in’ fuels  meaning they can safely be used in existing commercial aircraft and aviation fuel infrastructure at international level. Inclusion of new SAF production pathways in the standard requires an extensive evaluation of the performance of the fuel followed by a balloting procedure.Key steps:1. 2018-2023: evaluation of the fuel performance by the US Federal Aviation Administration  the two main airplane manufacturers (Airbus and Boeing) and the five main engine manufacturers (Rolls Royce  GE aviation  Safran  Pratt & Whitney  Honeywell).2. Starting on 27 February 2023 and ongoing over several weeks: balloting process at ASTM D02 subcommittee J containing key aviation industry stakeholders. To proceed with the certification  unanimous agreement on the proposed changes to the standard are required.3. June 2023: If the above subcommittee voting round is positive  final consensus at the ASTM D02 main committee is sought through a second ballot session.Bernard Chaud  Head of industrial strategy at Global Bioenergies  declares: “Our collaboration with SkyNRG  the worldwide leader fostering the development of SAF  took place in the frame of the EU project REWOFUEL. Reaching the ballot stage of the ASTM certification process is a great milestone for us. We’ll stay very attentive to all ASTM members comments during the process  so as to provide all the answers and guarantees for commercial application to aeronautics.”Marc Delcourt  Co-founder and CEO at Global Bioenergies  adds: “A positive vote of the ASTM subcommittee J would be an amazing achievement for Global Bioenergies as only seven technologies have been certified so far. But in no case could we talk about crossing a finish line: such a positive decision would in fact become the concrete starting point of our SAF project. Improving further the performances of the process  as well as funding and building a large plant allowing the cost to be compatible with commercial application to air transportation will be a long journey.”Maarten van Dijk  Co-founder and Chief Development Officer at SkyNRG states: “Collaboration between key industry experts is what is needed to drive innovation and build a more sustainableaviation industry. The partnership with Global Bioenergies is a perfect example of this. Jointly realizing ASTM certification of their isobutene-to-SAF pathway will be a significant milestone for this new technology. At SkyNRG we see this as an important step towards meeting the rising demand for sustainable aviation fuel in the future and help the aviation industry reduce its carbon footprint and reach the target of net zero by 2050.”About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESinvest@global-bioenergies.comPRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Global Bioenergies’ technology', 'Sustainable Aviation Fuel', 'balloting process', 'ASTM certification', 'Start', 'two main airplane manufacturers', 'five main engine manufacturers', 'ASTM D02 main committee', 'US Federal Aviation Administration', 'ASTM D02 subcommittee J', 'new SAF production pathways', 'key aviation industry stakeholders', 'ASTM international certification procedure', 'ASTM subcommittee J', 'subcommittee voting round', 'maximum blend percentage', 'ASTM members comments', 'concrete starting point', 'Maarten van Dijk', 'natural make-up brand', 'second ballot session', 'major cosmetics companies', 'fuel specification requirements', 'existing commercial aircraft', 'key industry experts', 'aviation fuel infrastructure', 'conventional jet fuels', 'Chief Development Officer', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Air transportation industry', 'Sustainable Aviation Fuel', 'ASTM standard D7566', 'ASTM certification process', 'Global Bioenergies’ technology', 'new technology', 'cosmetics industry', 'balloting procedure', 'GE aviation', 'international level', 'key step', 'key ingredient', 'ballot stage', 'bio-isobutene technology', 'commercial application', 'global warming', 'French English', 'Rolls Royce', 'several weeks', 'unanimous agreement', 'final consensus', 'Bernard Chaud', 'industrial strategy', 'worldwide leader', 'EU project', 'great milestone', 'Marc Delcourt', 'positive vote', 'amazing achievement', 'seven technologies', 'finish line', 'positive decision', 'large plant', 'long journey', 'perfect example', 'significant milestone', 'important step', 'rising demand', 'carbon footprint', 'plant-derived resources', 'materials sectors', 'first long-lasting', 'long run', 'road sector', 'news feed', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'Iva Baytcheva', 'Nicolas Daniels', 'fuel performance', 'balloting process', 'SAF project', 'SAF pathway', 'extensive evaluation', 'perspective', 'annex', 'products', 'Inclusion', 'Airbus', 'Boeing', 'Safran', 'Pratt', 'Whitney', 'Honeywell', '27 February', 'changes', 'June', 'Head', 'collaboration', 'SkyNRG', 'place', 'frame', 'REWOFUEL', 'answers', 'guarantees', 'aeronautics', 'founder', 'CEO', 'case', 'performances', 'funding', 'cost', 'innovation', 'partnership', 'future', 'target', 'net', 'compounds', 'energy', 'LAST®', 'Isonaturane®', 'naturalness', 'formulas', '2 emissions', 'ALGBE', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'ndaniels', 'Attachment']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,globenewswire.com
18745,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lytix-biopharma-presents-fourth-quarter-and-second-half-2022-results-301748510.html,Lytix Biopharma presents fourth quarter and second half 2022 results,"OSLO  Norway  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company  today releases its fourth quarter and second half 2022 results - Steady progress towards improving cancer treatment outco…","OSLO  Norway  Feb. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company  today releases its fourth quarter and second half 2022 results - Steady progress towards improving cancer treatment outcomes.""Our molecules have a unique dual mode of action and can kill cancer cells in a way that activates a broad T-cell response that has the potential to target all cancer cells within heterogeneous tumors and thereby increase the number of patients responding to immunotherapy. We have seen very promising effects in cancer patients and are now eagerly looking forward to receiving the results from the clinical Phase II studies with our lead candidate""  says Dr. Øystein Rekdal  CEO of Lytix Biopharma.Highlights from the fourth quarter and second half 2022 and post period events:Business and Partnership:Verrica Pharmaceuticals recently completed treatment in Part 1 of their ongoing Phase II study evaluating LTX-315 in basal cell carcinoma. Part 1 has enrolled 10 patients and demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile with no reported serious adverse events. Patients receiving the higher range of dosing experienced a consistent response of clinical tumor necrosis.Lytix Biopharma appointed Stephen Worsley as Chief Business Officer as part of the company's strong focus on exploring commercial opportunities for its drug candidates. Stephen brings a great track record of successful deals in oncology on assets in development and is now introducing Lytix' assets to key opinion leaders and companies within the industry.R&D:Following approval of the clinical trial application (CTA) for ATLAS-IT-05 in Europe in Q3 2022  the Phase II study in the US has expanded to an additional three European countries; Norway   France and Spain . All sites are open and recruiting patients with the aim of completing enrollment by mid-2023.in Q3 2022  the Phase II study in the US has expanded to an additional three European countries;   and . All sites are open and recruiting patients with the aim of completing enrollment by mid-2023. Activities are ongoing to prepare for a regulatory submission  which is required to start a Phase I study with LTX-401.The Clinical Study Report for ATLAS-IT-04 has been completed. ATLAS-IT-04 showed encouraging data demonstrating that LTX-315 improved the outcome of adoptive cell transfer treatment  stabilizing the disease in patients with progressive metastatic soft tissue sarcoma.Compelling data from Lytix' collaboration with research groups at National Cancer Institute and Weill Cornell Medicine were presented at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Annual Meeting.Financial:Total operating expenses for the six months that ended 31 December 2022 was NOK 46.4 million compared to NOK 37.8 million in the same period in 2021. Compared to the six months ending 31 December 2021   there has been an increase in activities in connection to the ongoing ATLAS-IT-05 trial in the US and EU and the preclinical development of LTX-401. The important expansion of ATLAS-IT-05 to the EU has been driving costs during this period. In parallel  personnel expenses have decreased.was compared to in the same period in 2021. Compared to the six months ending   there has been an increase in activities in connection to the ongoing ATLAS-IT-05 trial in the US and EU and the preclinical development of LTX-401. The important expansion of ATLAS-IT-05 to the EU has been driving costs during this period. In parallel  personnel expenses have decreased. Cash position at the end of the period was NOK 94.6 million compared to NOK 197.3 million as of 31 December 2021 . In addition to the cash position  Lytix has NOK 50.6 million placed in a liquidity fund as of 31 December 2022 . In total Lytix has NOK 145.2 in cash and short-term financial investments at the end of the year.Key figures (unaudited):The full report is linked to this press release (and together with a presentation available at https://www.lytixbiopharma.com/investors/financial-reports.html).The results will be presented in a webcast with CEO Øystein Rekdal  CDO Graeme Currie and CFO Gjest Breistein today at 14.30 CEST.The presentation and subsequent Q&A session will be held in English and may be viewed live by registering here: https://forms.office.com/e/q06xRZSrBVA recording of the presentation will be made available on https://www.lytixbiopharma.com/investors/overview.html (after the presentation).CONTACT:For more information  please contact:Gjest Breistein  CFO: [email protected]Ole Peter Nordby  Head of IR & Communication Manager: [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/16482/3716010/1852888.pdf Q4 2022 Lytix FinalSOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.75,0.08,0.17,True,English,"['Lytix Biopharma', 'fourth quarter', 'second half', '2022 results', 'progressive metastatic soft tissue sarcoma', 'additional three European countries', 'subsequent Q&A session', 'clinical Phase II studies', 'adoptive cell transfer treatment', 'The Clinical Study Report', 'ongoing Phase II study', 'SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS', 'Phase I study', 'basal cell carcinoma', 'clinical tumor necrosis', 'clinical trial application', 'ongoing ATLAS-IT-05 trial', 'unique dual mode', 'Dr. Øystein Rekdal', 'serious adverse events', 'great track record', 'Weill Cornell Medicine', 'SITC) Annual Meeting', 'CDO Graeme Currie', 'Ole Peter Nordby', 'broad T-cell response', 'key opinion leaders', 'National Cancer Institute', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Norwegian immuno-oncology company', 'Chief Business Officer', 'short-term financial investments', 'CEO Øystein Rekdal', 'cancer treatment outcomes', 'post period events', 'Total operating expenses', 'CFO Gjest Breistein', 'full report', 'consistent response', 'Key figures', 'personnel expenses', 'cancer cells', 'fourth quarter', 'second half', 'heterogeneous tumors', 'promising effects', 'lead candidate', 'Verrica Pharmaceuticals', 'favorable safety', 'tolerability profile', 'higher range', 'strong focus', 'commercial opportunities', 'drug candidates', 'successful deals', 'R&D', 'regulatory submission', 'encouraging data', 'Compelling data', 'research groups', 'six months', 'important expansion', 'liquidity fund', 'press release', 'Communication Manager', 'following files', 'Lytix Final', 'same period', 'preclinical development', 'Cash position', 'Stephen Worsley', 'cancer patients', ""Lytix' assets"", '10 patients', 'Norway', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', '2022 results', 'Steady', 'molecules', 'action', 'potential', 'number', 'immunotherapy', 'Highlights', 'Partnership', 'LTX-315', 'Part 1', 'dosing', 'companies', 'industry', 'approval', 'CTA', 'Q3', 'France', 'Spain', 'sites', 'aim', 'enrollment', 'mid-20', 'Activities', 'LTX-401.', 'ATLAS-IT-04', 'disease', 'collaboration', 'Society', 'NOK', '31 December', 'increase', 'connection', 'costs', 'parallel', 'end', 'year', 'presentation', 'financial-reports', 'webcast', '14.30 CEST', 'English', 'recording', 'lytixbiopharma', 'investors', 'CONTACT', 'information', 'Head', 'download', 'cision', 'Main']",2023-02-16,2023-02-17,prnewswire.com
18746,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/information-total-number-voting-rights-180000143.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA Negma Group Investment Ltd. has converted 320 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 800 ,Oxurion NVInformation on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMANegma Group Investment Ltd. has converted 320 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 800 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group Investment Ltd.’s EUR 15 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – February 17  2023 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of (i) 34 246 575 new ordinary shares on February 13  2023  for a total amount of EUR 400 000  as the result of the conversion of 160 class B convertible bonds  and (ii) 36 496 350 new ordinary shares on February 15  2023  for a total amount of EUR 400 000  as the result of the conversion of 160 class B convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group Investment Ltd.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 564 210 937  outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 493 468 012 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 77 506 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 564 210 937 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 564 210 937 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 694 000 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 694 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);976 874 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 976 874 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);534 688 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 534 688 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);582 248 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 582 248 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);80 convertible bonds issued on January 25  2023  entitling their holder (Negma Group Investment Ltd.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the issuance and subscription agreement entered into between the Company and Negma Group Investment Ltd. on August 26  2021  and the addenda thereto dated September 2  2022 and January 25  2023; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021.ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Story continuesImportant information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  06/04/2021  Press release Oxurion  02/09/2022 and Press release Oxurion  25/01/2023Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.17,0.48,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'NEGMA', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'Negma Group Investment Ltd.', 'EUR 15 million Capital Commitment1', '160 class B convertible bonds', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'EUR 800,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Such forward-looking statements', '34,246,575 new ordinary shares', '36,496,350 new ordinary shares', '564,210,937, outstanding ordinary shares', '493,468,012 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Oxurion NV Information', '320 convertible bonds', '80 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'Share capital', 'regulated market', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', 'updated information', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'Voting Rights', '694,000 subscription rights', 'Total Number', 'subscription agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'other conditions', 'Conversion Notice', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'February', '07.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'January', 'terms', 'August', 'addenda', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Story', 'uncertainties']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,uk.finance.yahoo.com
18747,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-receives-transparency-notifications-negma-180000502.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Negma Group,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Negma Group Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US –2 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies ,"Oxurion NVOxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Negma GroupLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – February 17  2022 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on February 14  2023 from Negma Group Ltd. indicating that as of February 9  2023  it held no shares of the then outstanding 493 468 012 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of disposal of voting securities. See Annex 1Oxurion received a transparency notification on February 13  2023 from Negma Group Ltd. indicating that as of February 8  2023  it held 15 503 696 shares of the then outstanding 493 468 012 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (3%) by virtue of acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 2About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10"" tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1ANNEX 2Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.15,0.58,True,English,"['Transparency Notifications', 'Negma Group', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'Negma Group Ltd.', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'Negma Group Leuven', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'voting securities', 'Conway Communications', 'new information', 'Transparency Notifications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 493,468,012 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'Michael Dillen', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 2 Attachments', 'DME patients', '15,503,696 shares', 'Annex 1', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'February', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'disposal', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Story', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '7.00', '32']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,finance.yahoo.com
18748,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/euronext-wheat-prices-pause-after-volatile-week,Euronext wheat prices pause after volatile week,PARIS  Feb 17 (Reuters) - Euronext wheat was little changed on Friday  consolidating after a volatile week in which prices hit a one-month high before retreating as traders digested news from the Black Sea region. May wheat BLK3  now the most active ...,"Adds closing price  weekly declinePARIS  Feb 17 (Reuters) - Euronext wheat was little changed on Friday  consolidating after a volatile week in which prices hit a one-month high before retreating as traders digested news from the Black Sea region.May wheat BLK3  now the most active contract on Paris-based Euronext  settled 0.2% higher at 291.50 euros ($311.56) a tonne.Over the week  the contract was nearly 1% lower.An escalation in fighting in eastern Ukraine and renewed Russian criticism of a wartime agreement allowing Ukrainian grain exports unsettled the wheat market at the start of the week  encouraging investors to cover short positions.But the failure of Euronext futures to break chart resistance at 300 euros created selling pressure  while many traders played down the immediate threat to Black Sea supply.""On the Black Sea corridor  there were the Russian remarks but people don't really believe it's at risk "" a futures dealer said.Negotiations will start in a week on extending the U.N.-backed grain export corridor  a senior Ukrainian official said on Friday.Chicago wheat Wv1 edged higher as U.S. market participants prepared for a three-day holiday weekend. GRA/Tunisia booked 100 000 tonnes of soft wheat and 75 000 tonnes of barley in a tender on Friday  according to traders  with prices suggesting Black Sea supplies would be used to cover the deal.In France  export activity remained focused on barley shipments to China. GRAIN/SHP/FRIn its first crop progress report since early December  farm office FranceAgriMer estimated that 93% of French soft wheat crops were in good or excellent condition in the week to Feb. 13.The data supported market expectations that crops have not yet been stressed by dry February weather  though traders are watching to see if widespread showers forecast for the middle of next week materialise.($1 = 0.9356 euros)(Reporting by Gus Trompiz; Editing by Kirsten Donovan)((gus.trompiz@thomsonreuters.com; +33 1 49 49 52 18; Reuters Messaging: gus.trompiz.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.8,0.18,mixed,0.32,0.05,0.63,True,English,"['Euronext wheat prices', 'volatile week', 'U.N.-backed grain export corridor', 'first crop progress report', 'U.S. market participants', 'French soft wheat crops', 'Ukrainian grain exports', 'Black Sea corridor', 'Black Sea region', 'Black Sea supply', 'senior Ukrainian official', 'three-day holiday weekend', 'Black Sea supplies', 'dry February weather', 'May wheat BLK', 'Chicago wheat Wv1', 'export activity', 'wheat market', 'Euronext wheat', 'market expectations', 'closing price', 'weekly decline', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'eastern Ukraine', 'Russian criticism', 'wartime agreement', 'short positions', 'Euronext futures', 'chart resistance', 'selling pressure', 'immediate threat', 'Russian remarks', 'futures dealer', 'early December', 'farm office', 'excellent condition', 'widespread showers', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'active contract', 'barley shipments', 'Gus Trompiz', 'Reuters Messaging', 'volatile week', 'next week', 'many traders', 'Friday', 'prices', 'news', '291.50 euros', 'escalation', 'fighting', 'start', 'investors', 'failure', '300 euros', 'people', 'risk', 'Negotiations', 'Tunisia', '100,000 tonnes', '75,000 tonnes', 'tender', 'France', 'China', 'GRAIN/SHP/FR', 'good', 'Feb.', 'data', 'middle', '0.9356 euros', 'Editing', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,nasdaq.com
18749,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.generation-nt.com/communiques-presse/nokia-announces-final-results-for-its-tender-offers-and-the-new-notes-2033604,Nokia Announces Final Results for its Tender Offers and the New Notes Issue,Tech français consacré aux nouvelles technologies (internet  logiciel  matériel  mobilité  entreprise) et au jeu vidéo PC et consoles.,"Nokia CorporationStock Exchange Release17 February 2023 at 14:30 EETNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO  OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN OR AT ANY ADDRESS IN  THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO  THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  GUAM  AMERICAN SAMOA  WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS)  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA OR TO ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OR ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO.Nokia Announces Final Results for its Tender Offers and the New Notes IssueEspoo  Finland – Nokia Corporation (“Nokia”)  announced on 9 February 2023 that it has separately invited holders of each Series of the Notes (as defined below) issued under Nokia's EUR 5 000 000 000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (each such invitation a “Tender Offer” and  together  the “Tender Offers”) to tender their EUR 750 000 000 2.000 per cent. Notes due 15 March 2024 (the “2024 Notes”)  EUR 500 000 000 2.375 per cent. Notes due 15 May 2025 (the “2025 Notes”) and EUR 750 000 000 2.000 per cent. Notes due 11 March 2026 (the “2026 Notes” and  together with the 2024 Notes and the 2025 Notes  the ""Notes"" and each a ""Series”) for purchase for cash up to the Maximum Acceptance Amount (as defined in the Tender Offer Memorandum).The Tender Offers were made on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the tender offer memorandum dated 9 February 2023 (the “Tender Offer Memorandum”). Capitalised terms not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Tender Offer Memorandum.The Expiration Deadline for the Tender Offers was 4.00 p.m. (London time) on 16 February 2023.Nokia hereby informs Noteholders that set out in the table below is: (i) each Series Acceptance Amount; (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of Notes tendered for purchase pursuant to each Tender Offer; (iii) each Purchase Yield; (iv) each Interpolated Mid-Swap Rate; (v) each Purchase Price; (vi) the pro-ration factor that will be applied to valid tenders of Notes of each Series; and (vii) the aggregate nominal amount of each Series of the Notes that remain outstanding following settlement of the Tender Offers.Notes ISIN / Common Code Purchase Spread Interpolated Mid-Swap Rate Purchase Yield Purchase Price Aggregate nominal amount tendered for purchase Series Acceptance Amount Pro-ration Factor Aggregate nominal amount that remain outstanding following settlement 2024 Notes XS1577731604 / 157773160 -35 bps 3.588% 3.238%% 98.728% EUR 372 472 000 EUR 372 472 000 100% EUR 377 528 000 2025 Notes XS2171759256 / 217175925 +5 bps 3.530% 3.580% 97.456% EUR 207 843 000 EUR 207 843 000 100% EUR 292 157 000 2026 Notes XS1960685383 / 196068538 +25 bps 3.395% 3.645% 95.331% EUR 256 879 000 EUR 119 685 000 approximately 43.513% EUR 630 315 000The Final Acceptance Amount is EUR 700 000 000.Nokia will also pay Accrued Interest in respect of the Notes purchased pursuant to the Tender Offers.On 10 February 2023  Nokia priced a new issue of €500 000 000 4.375 per cent. Notes due 21 August 2031 (the “New Notes”). Application will be made for the New Notes to be admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Dublin.The New Financing Condition has been satisfied  subject to the issuance of the New Notes. The New Notes have been priced and a subscription agreement between Nokia and the joint bookrunners named therein for the purchase of  and subscription for  the New Notes has been signed and remains in full force and effect as of the date hereof.The Settlement Date for the Tender Offers and the New Notes is expected to be 21 February 2023.Notes purchased by Nokia pursuant to the Tender Offers will be immediately cancelled. Notes which have not been validly submitted and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offers will remain outstanding after the Settlement Date.The Tender Offers have now expired and no further Notes can be tendered for purchase.Joint Dealer ManagersBofA Securities SA  Citigroup Global Markets Limited  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft and UniCredit Bank AG (the “Joint Dealer Managers”) are acting as Joint Dealer Managers for the Tender Offers. Investors with questions may contact the Joint Dealer Managers at the addresses and numbers shown below.BofA Securities SA Citigroup Global Markets Limited 51  rue La Boétie75008 ParisFrance Citigroup CentreCanada SquareCanary WharfLondon E14 5LBUnited Kingdom Tel.: +33 1 877 01057Attn.: Liability Management GroupEmail: DG.LM-EMEA@bofa.com Tel: +44 20 7986 8969Attn.: Liability Management GroupEmail: liabilitymanagement.europe@citi.com Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft UniCredit Bank AG Mainzer Landstr. 11-1760329 Frankfurt am MainGermany UniCredit Bank AGArabellastraße 1281925 MunichGermany Tel: +44 207 545 8011Attn.: Liability Management GroupTel: +39 02 8862 0581Attn.: Liability ManagementEmail: corporate.lm@unicredit.deCopies of the Tender Offer Memorandum can be requested from the Tender Agent  Kroll Issuer Services Limited  at: +44 20 7704 0880 or at nokia@is.kroll.com .DISCLAIMERThis announcement must be read in conjunction with the Tender Offer Memorandum. No offer or invitation to acquire any securities is being made pursuant to this announcement. The distribution of this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum comes are required by each of Nokia  the Dealer Managers and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.About NokiaAt Nokia  we create technology that helps the world act together.As a trusted partner for critical networks  we are committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile  fixed and cloud networks. We create value with intellectual property and long-term research  led by the award-winning Nokia Bell Labs.Adhering to high standards of integrity and security  we help build the capabilities needed for a more productive  sustainable and inclusive world.Inquiries:NokiaCommunicationsPhone: +358 10 448 4900Email: press.services@nokia.comMaria Vaismaa  Global Head of Public RelationsNokiaInvestor RelationsPhone: +358 40 803 4080Email: investor.relations@nokia.comForward-looking statementsCertain statements herein that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect Nokia's current expectations and views of future developments and include statements regarding: A) expectations  plans  benefits or outlook related to our strategies  product launches  growth management  sustainability and other ESG targets  operational key performance indicators and decisions on market exits; B) expectations  plans or benefits related to future performance of our businesses (including the expected impact  timing and duration of COVID-19 and the general macroeconomic conditions on our businesses  our supply chain and our customers’ businesses) and any future dividends and other distributions of profit; C) expectations and targets regarding financial performance and results of operations  including market share  prices  net sales  income  margins  cash flows  the timing of receivables  operating expenses  provisions  impairments  taxes  currency exchange rates  hedging  investment funds  inflation  product cost reductions  competitiveness  revenue generation in any specific region  and licensing income and payments; D) ability to execute  expectations  plans or benefits related to changes in organisational structure and operating model; E) impact on revenue with respect to litigation/renewal discussions; and F) any statements preceded by or including ""continue""  “believe”  “commit”  “estimate”  “expect”  “aim”  “influence”  ""will” or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond our control  which could cause our actual results to differ materially from such statements. These statements are based on management’s best assumptions and beliefs in light of the information currently available to them. These forward-looking statements are only predictions based upon our current expectations and views of future events and developments and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.1,0.56,True,English,"['New Notes Issue', 'Final Results', 'Tender Offers', 'Nokia', '5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme', 'Mid-Swap Rate Purchase Yield Purchase Price', 'UniCredit Bank AG Mainzer Landstr', 'purchase Series Acceptance Amount Pro-ration Factor', 'THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS', 'Nokia Corporation Stock Exchange Release', 'rue La Boétie', 'Citigroup Global Markets Limited', 'Germany UniCredit Bank AG', 'The New Financing Condition', 'The Final Acceptance Amount', 'Interpolated Mid-Swap Rate', 'Maximum Acceptance Amount', 'NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS', 'U.S. PERSON', 'France Citigroup Centre', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'The Expiration Deadline', 'Joint Dealer Managers', 'Common Code Purchase', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'Liability Management Group', 'Tender Offer Memorandum', 'BofA Securities SA', 'The Tender Offers', 'The New Notes', 'The Settlement Date', 'New Notes Issue', 'Final Results', 'new issue', 'joint bookrunners', 'SECURITIES ACT', 'Tender Agent', 'UNITED STATES', 'PUERTO RICO', 'AMERICAN SAMOA', 'WAKE ISLAND', '0,000,000 2.000 per cent', 'valid tenders', 'Accrued Interest', 'Euronext Dublin', 'full force', 'Canada Square', 'Canary Wharf', 'United Kingdom', 'Arabellastraße', 'Capitalised terms', 'London time', 'subscription agreement', 'Notes ISIN', '2024 Notes XS1577731604', 'Notes XS2171759256', '2025 Notes', '2026 Notes', '17 February', '14:30 EET', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'INTO', 'ADDRESS', 'POSSESSIONS', 'GUAM', 'DISTRICT', 'COLUMBIA', 'REGULATION', 'JURISDICTION', 'Espoo', 'Finland', '9 February', 'holders', 'invitation', 'cash', 'conditions', 'meaning', '16 February', 'table', 'respect', '10 February', 'Application', 'trading', 'issuance', 'effect', 'Investors', 'questions', 'numbers', 'Paris', 'Attn.', 'Email', 'DG.', 'LM-EMEA', 'Munich', 'Copies', 'Kroll', '4.00', '44']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,generation-nt.com
18750,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/fr/visiomed/cp/2023/02/17/visiomed-group-joins-forces-with-two-powerful-partners-to-enter-the-saudi-market,Visiomed Group joins forces with two powerful partners to enter the Saudi market.,Visiomed Group (FR0013481835– ALVMG)  a group specializing in innovative healthcare technologies and services  has taken a new step regarding its presence in Saudi Arabia after signing of a letter of intent (LOI) and entering into exclusive discussions with Abrar Communications Co.,"17/02/2023 - 12:00Paris  February 16th  2023Visiomed Group (FR0013481835– ALVMG)  a group specializing in innovative healthcare technologies and services  has taken a new step regarding its presence in Saudi Arabia after signing of a letter of intent (LOI) and entering into exclusive discussions with Abrar Communications Co. (“Abrar”) as announced in November 2022[1]. As part of this process  Visiomed Group has decided to create a joint venture with two powerful partners  Abrar and Al-Ghazzawi Group.The formation phase of the joint venture that will bring together Visiomed Group's operations in Saudi Arabia has been launched  in partnership with Abrar and Al-Ghazzawi Group. Following the recent signing of a shareholders' agreement  announced via the release of 2022 results[2]  business licenses were requested. These licenses will allow Visiomed Group to position itself in the preventive care  diagnostics and large-scale medical screening markets  key business lines already successfully developed in Dubai via Smart Salem.Industrial partners with a strong local footprint and recognized track record in supporting foreign companies establishing operations in Saudi ArabiaTo ensure a successful expansion into a new major market  Visiomed Group has made the strategic choice to join forces with two partners with a strong local presence. The initial agreement entered with Abrar has consequently been extended to Al-Ghazzawi Group.Founded in 1993  Abrar (www.abrars.co) is a leading Saudi player in the deployment and integration of technological solutions  particularly for the transportation  telecommunication  defense  and energy sectors. As an industrial partner  Abrar is recognized for its success in assisting foreign companies establishing operations in Saudi Arabia (e.g.  Thales and Motorola). The Group currently employs over 400 people in Saudi Arabia in Riyadh  Jeddah  Dammam  Madinah and Yanbu.Al-Ghazzawi Group (www.ghazzawigroup.com) is one of the largest family-owned conglomerates in Saudi Arabia operating in multiple sectors including real estate development  trading  catering  legal services  manufacturing  and telecommunication. The Group is continuously looking to invest in new projects where it can leverage its skills  experience  and expertise. Al-Ghazzawi Group sealed many partnerships with foreign companies (including Nokia) and currently employs over 1 200 people.Structure of the joint ventureThe company will be 59% owned by Visiomed Group  36% by Abrar and 5% by Al-Ghazzawi Group.Visiomed will bring its expertise in healthcare and preventive care (medical analysis  radiology  data analysis and management)  as well as its experience in the roll-out of innovative medical centers.As industrial groups with strong footprints in Saudi Arabia  Abrar and Al-Ghazzawi Group will play a key role in implementing the joint-venture through their engagement with local stakeholders (including counterparts from the healthcare  real estate  infrastructure  legal and financial sectors).During this initial incorporation phase  the company will be capitalized by its shareholders (€125k  including €74k from Visiomed Group)  prior to defining a broader financing plan  that will include funding from local banks.Strategic positioning and a first target locationThe priority segments will be Iqama Medical Tests (Medical Fitness)  health tests for insurance renewals (a market representing nearly 3.5 million tests per year in Saudi Arabia) and medical check-ups.The aim is to open a first medical center in Riyadh in 2023  located in the heart of the King Abdullah Financial District (KAFD). Now covering c. 1.6 million square meters of land and consisting of over 80 buildings  including nearly 60 office towers  KAFD is a densely populated area and represents a strategic location for Visiomed Group's entry into the Saudi market.Dr. Rafat Samman  Founder and CEO of Abrar  and Member of the Executive Board of the French-Saudi Chamber of Commerce  said: “As part of our strategic development plan in the healthcare sector  finding a credible partner in the medical and diagnostics field was essential. We are honored to be part of this new company alongside our partner Visiomed Group. Visiomed Group's recent success  its strong growth in the United Arab Emirates in the Medical Fitness market and its vision around preventive care provide the basis for a promising start in Saudi Arabia. We are proud to welcome Visiomed Group to our network of industrial partners  which includes Thales and Motorola. Saudi Arabia is growing rapidly  and these partnerships enable us to play an active role in the development of our economy.”Eng. Radwan Samman  Development Director at Abrar  said: “The growing demand for medical screening and preventive care in Saudi Arabia was a key factor in our decision to expand our operations in this industry. Visiomed Group will become our strategic partner. Driven by the Ministry of Health's comprehensive plan to develop and modernize the healthcare sector  we are confident that our strategy to establish a presence in Riyadh  and subsequently in other parts of Saudi Arabia  will be a success.”Guillaume Bremond  Visiomed Group Chairman  said: “Establishing a new company in Saudi Arabia is the second phase of our expansion plan in the Middle East. We are honored to be able to launch this project alongside Abrar and Al-Ghazzawi Group  two experienced and top tier partners. The Saudi market is booming  with considerable demand for fast  digital and reliable medical services. Firstly  Saudi Arabia's population is projected to grow from 36 million in 2022 to over 50 million by 2030. Secondly  extensive investment programs are planned between now and 2030 that include over $60 billion in healthcare infrastructure investments  of which $1.5 billion invested in digital transformation  with contribution of private companies playing a key role. The expansion of Visiomed Group into Saudi Arabia was therefore a natural step.”Visiomed Group CEO Thomas Picquette said: “We are delighted to cement our collaboration in Saudi Arabia with two prestigious industrial partners. The combined expertise of our respective groups will be a powerful asset to address this dynamic market  which is driven by a desire to make the best preventive care and healthcare services available for everyone. All our teams are now working actively to ensure a swift implementation of our development plan and vision in Saudi Arabia.”Visiomed Group will keep the market regularly informed of the progress of this new strategic venture.About VISIOMED GROUPFounded in 2007  VISIOMED GROUP relies on a long experience in the health sector to invest in innovative health technologies and services in France and abroad.The Group now has two subsidiaries and holdings:Smart Salem  the first digital medical analysis center accredited by the Dubai Ministry of Health (DHA) in the United Arab Emirates  100% owned by Visiomed Group.The Smart Salem offer is based on know-how in medical analysis  radiology and data analysis and processing to detect nearly 35 diseases in 7 minutes in a patient (in particular HIV  hepatitis and tuberculosis) by offering reliable results  readability and exceptional patient experience enabled by advanced artificial intelligence and virtual reality technologies.Smart Salem's “Medical Fitness Assessment” offer resulting from this know-how thus makes it possible to obtain a residence or work visa in the space of 30 minutes compared to 10 to 15 days in historical health centers.Smart Salem is a technological platform offering many growth opportunities  as shown by the opening of the second center in Dubai in September 2022 and the authorization received for the opening of a third center  planned to open in the first quarter of 2023.Bewellthy  created in 2022  a leading player in connected health and teleconsultation solutions and is 49.88% owned by Visiomed Group.Bewellthy offers an enriched technological universe combining medical devices  software and ""health and well-being concierge"" services to meet all the needs and use cases of telehealth.Bewellthy's flagship product  VisioCheck  is the 1st telemedicine station weighing less than 300g for healthcare professionals  available as a case  station or modular healthcare space.Bewellthy is now deploying its solutions and services in France and abroad  particularly in Italy and the USA.Based in Paris  VISIOMED GROUP is listed on Euronext Growth (ALVMG). More information on www.visiomed-group.com.CONTACTSJérôme FABREGUETTES-LEIB Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor Relations Financial Press Relations visiomed@actus.fr fndiaye@actus.fr Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 78 Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 75© Visiomed Group SA 2023. The brands mentioned are the property of their respective authors. Reproduction prohibited  even partial  without prior authorization.[1] Visiomed Group enters into exclusive discussions with Abrar Communications Co. to tap the Saudi market[2] Record year 2022 marked by exceptional growth (99%)  positive normalized EBITDA and strategic decisions opening up great prospects for 2023",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['two powerful partners', 'Visiomed Group', 'Saudi market', 'forces', 'King Abdullah Financial District', 'large-scale medical screening markets', 'largest family-owned conglomerates', 'Dr. Rafat Samman', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Eng. Radwan Samman', 'broader financing plan', 'innovative medical centers', 'first target location', 'first medical center', '1.6 million square meters', 'leading Saudi player', 'strong local footprint', 'initial incorporation phase', 'key business lines', 'Iqama Medical Tests', 'innovative healthcare technologies', 'two powerful partners', 'new major market', 'real estate development', 'Medical Fitness market', 'strategic development plan', 'strong local presence', 'Abrar Communications Co.', 'financial sectors', '3.5 million tests', 'two partners', 'strategic location', 'comprehensive plan', 'formation phase', 'initial agreement', 'abrars.co', 'medical analysis', 'strong footprints', 'local stakeholders', 'local banks', 'medical check-ups', 'strong growth', 'key role', 'key factor', 'Saudi market', 'new step', 'Industrial partners', 'new projects', 'Development Director', 'strategic choice', 'Strategic positioning', 'Saudi Arabia', 'exclusive discussions', 'joint venture', 'recent signing', 'business licenses', 'preventive care', 'Smart Salem', 'track record', 'foreign companies', 'successful expansion', 'technological solutions', 'energy sectors', 'multiple sectors', 'data analysis', 'industrial groups', 'priority segments', 'insurance renewals', '60 office towers', 'Executive Board', 'French-Saudi Chamber', 'promising start', 'active role', 'growing demand', 'Al-Ghazzawi Group', 'The Group', 'Visiomed Group', 'health tests', 'healthcare sector', 'strategic partner', 'new company', ""shareholders' agreement"", 'many partnerships', 'diagnostics field', 'recent success', 'legal services', 'Paris', 'February', 'ALVMG', 'letter', 'intent', 'LOI', 'November', 'process', 'operations', 'release', 'Dubai', 'forces', 'deployment', 'integration', 'transportation', 'telecommunication', 'defense', 'Thales', 'Motorola', '400 people', 'Riyadh', 'Jeddah', 'Dammam', 'Madinah', 'Yanbu', 'trading', 'manufacturing', 'skills', 'experience', 'expertise', 'Nokia', '1,200 people', 'Structure', 'radiology', 'management', 'roll-out', 'joint-venture', 'engagement', 'counterparts', 'funding', 'year', 'aim', 'heart', 'KAFD', 'c.', 'land', '80 buildings', 'area', 'entry', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'Member', 'Commerce', 'vision', 'basis', 'network', 'economy', 'decision', 'industry', 'Ministry', 'strategy', '12:00']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,actusnews.com
18751,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1006538/healthbeacon-reports-45-increase-in-deployments-reiterates-revenue-guidance-1006538.html,HealthBeacon reports 45% increase in deployments  reiterates revenue guidance,HealthBeacon PLC (EURONEXT:HBCN  OTCQX:HBCNF) reported continued progress across all parts of its business last year and said supply chain issues are continuing to subside. The Dublin-based company  which provides devices and software to manage critical ...,HealthBeacon PLC (EURONEXT:HBCN  OTCQX:HBCNF) reported continued progress across all parts of its business last year and said supply chain issues are continuing to subside. The Dublin-based company  which provides devices and software to manage critical ...,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['revenue guidance', 'HealthBeacon', '45% increase', 'deployments', 'supply chain issues', 'The Dublin-based company', 'HealthBeacon PLC', 'EURONEXT:HBCN', 'OTCQX:HBCNF', 'continued progress', 'parts', 'business', 'devices', 'software', 'critical ...']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,proactiveinvestors.com
18752,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/esgarticle.php?article_id=14023&navigationaction=home&page&page=1&newssection=ESG,Euronext launches new ESG index,Euronext has launched the BEL ESG index  which is able to identify and track companies in the BEL 20 and BEL Mid indices that meet specific free-float market cap and velocity criteria,Euronext launches new ESG indexEuronext has launched the BEL ESG index  which is able to identify and track companies in the BEL 20 and BEL Mid indices that meet specific free-float market cap and velocity criteria.The index is designed to encourage investor adoption of ESG investment solutions. Data is provided by Sustainalytics  with an ESG assessment provided for each company on the list. These assessments align with the Central Labelling Agency’s ‘Towards Sustainability’ label  a recognised and respected standard.Companies are filtered out first by any breach of Global Standards Principles or association with controversial activity  both of which are available from Sustainalytics. The latter’s Sustainability Subindustry ESG Risk Rating ranking system is also taken into consideration.The accumulated data is then used to rank the companies  the top 20 of which are free-float capitalisation weighted in the BEL ESG index. This list will be renewed each quarter.The launch marks the fourth ESG index variant for national blue chip indices  preceded by France’s CAC 40 ESG  Italy’s MIB ESG  the Netherlands’ AEX ESG and Norway’s OBX ESG.Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and chairman of Euronext N.V. marketing board  says: “By combining the recognised BEL brand with a stringent and consensual ESG methodology while maintaining liquidity  the BEL ESG responds to the market’s growing demand for sustainable investment tools. As a leading index provider in Europe  we are determined to accelerate the transition to sustainable investments through the launch of indices such as this.”Ita Demyttenaere  director of client relations at Sustainalytics  comments: “The BEL ESG index is a significant milestone for the Belgian market  thanks to its compliance with the Central Labelling Agency’s ‘Towards Sustainability’ label. Morningstar Sustainalytics’ ESG data and robust methodology advance the index’s credibility by considering the ESG risk exposure management of the largest companies based on market capitalisation.”,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['new ESG index', 'Euronext', 'Sustainability Subindustry ESG Risk Rating ranking system', 'Euronext N.V. marketing board', 'ESG risk exposure management', 'national blue chip indices', 'fourth ESG index variant', 'specific free-float market cap', 'The BEL ESG index', 'Morningstar Sustainalytics’ ESG data', 'ESG investment solutions', 'Netherlands’ AEX ESG', 'Central Labelling Agency', 'Global Standards Principles', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'new ESG index', 'leading index provider', 'consensual ESG methodology', 'sustainable investment tools', 'BEL Mid indices', 'Sustainability’ label', 'ESG assessment', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'MIB ESG', 'OBX ESG', 'free-float capitalisation', 'BEL brand', 'sustainable investments', 'robust methodology', 'Belgian market', 'market capitalisation', 'velocity criteria', 'investor adoption', 'controversial activity', 'growing demand', 'Ita Demyttenaere', 'client relations', 'significant milestone', 'largest companies', 'BEL 20', 'company', 'list', 'assessments', 'recognised', 'breach', 'association', 'consideration', 'launch', 'France', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'CEO', 'chairman', 'stringent', 'liquidity', 'Europe', 'transition', 'director', 'compliance', 'Towards', 'credibility']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,assetservicingtimes.com
18753,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@galeone_matteo equity options market maker on Euronext Amsterdam,nan,@galeone_matteo equity options market maker on Euronext Amsterdam,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['galeone_matteo equity options market maker', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'galeone_matteo equity options market maker', 'Euronext Amsterdam']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18754,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat prices pause after volatile week https://t.co/iv36LM98K9 #news #stocks,nan,Euronext wheat prices pause after volatile week https://t.co/iv36LM98K9 #news #stocks,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext wheat prices', 'volatile week', 'news', 'stocks', 'Euronext wheat prices', 'volatile week', 'news', 'stocks']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18755,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European stock markets mixed on Friday  02/17/2023: Euronext 100 -0.60% at 1 366.91  higher for the week  Eur… https://t.co/BZFavFq406,nan,Other European stock markets mixed on Friday  02/17/2023: Euronext 100 -0.60% at 1 366.91  higher for the week  Eur… https://t.co/BZFavFq406,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'BZFavFq406', 'Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'BZFavFq406']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18756,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat prices pause after volatile week https://t.co/iPFUDQCIjO [RTRS],nan,UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat prices pause after volatile week https://t.co/iPFUDQCIjO [RTRS],neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['1-Euronext wheat prices', 'volatile week', 'UPDATE', 'pause', 'RTRS', '1-Euronext wheat prices', 'volatile week', 'UPDATE', 'pause', 'RTRS']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18757,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat prices pause after volatile week https://t.co/OqrcYEwUyd [RTRS],nan,Euronext wheat prices pause after volatile week https://t.co/OqrcYEwUyd [RTRS],neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext wheat prices', 'volatile week', 'OqrcYEwUyd', 'RTRS', 'Euronext wheat prices', 'volatile week', 'OqrcYEwUyd', 'RTRS']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18758,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 306 23 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/9P2jI6k56h,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 306 23 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/9P2jI6k56h,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18759,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext launches new ESG index. Euronext has launched the BEL ESG index  which is able to identify and track compa… https://t.co/WTt1kIu14G,nan,Euronext launches new ESG index. Euronext has launched the BEL ESG index  which is able to identify and track compa… https://t.co/WTt1kIu14G,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['new ESG index', 'BEL ESG index', 'Euronext', 'WTt1kIu14G', 'new ESG index', 'BEL ESG index', 'Euronext', 'WTt1kIu14G']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
18760,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 366 16 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/VBt23khlTs,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 366 16 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/VBt23khlTs,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'VBt23khlTs', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'VBt23khlTs']",2023-02-17,2023-02-17,Unknown
