UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49199,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/05/3037527/0/en/Baltic-Horizon-Fund-General-Meeting-notice-to-investors.html,Baltic Horizon Fund General Meeting – notice to investors,At the request of a unitholder whose units represent more than 1/10 of all the votes  Northern Horizon Capital AS invites Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders and Swedish Depositary Receipt (hereinafter the “SDR”) holders (hereinafter together the “Investors”) to…,At the request of a unitholder whose units represent more than 1/10 of all the votes  Northern Horizon Capital AS invites Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders and Swedish Depositary Receipt (hereinafter the “SDR”) holders (hereinafter together the “Investors”) to attend an extraordinary General Meeting (hereinafter the “General Meeting”) of Baltic Horizon Fund on 27 March 2025 at 14:00 (local Estonian time) at the office of Northern Horizon Capital AS at Roseni 7 (A tower)  6th floor  10111 Tallinn  Estonia. Registration for the meeting will begin at 13:00. The General Meeting will be held in English.The meeting is convened in accordance with sections 10.3.3.  10.5  10.6 and 11.2 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund and section 47-1 of the Investment Funds Act of Estonia.The total number of units and votes in Baltic Horizon Fund amounts to 143 562 514 .Investors may also join the webinar to view the General Meeting online on 27 March 2025 at 14:00.To join the webinar  please register via the following link: https://nasdaq.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_Cd4HF9QwQpaCuPaPa5etOA.You will be provided with the webinar link and instructions how to join successfully. The webinar will be recorded and available online for everyone at the company’s website on www.baltichorizon.com.Agenda  as proposed by the unitholder:Decision to elect Andrius Smaliukas as a new member of the supervisory board of Baltic Horizon Fund as of 1 May 2025 for a period of two years. Decision to elect Milda Dargužaitė as a new member of the supervisory board of Baltic Horizon Fund as of 1 May 2025 for a period of two years. Decision to elect Antanas Anskaitis as a new member of the supervisory board of Baltic Horizon Fund as of 1 May 2025 for a period of two years. Decision to pay remuneration to the chairman of the supervisory board for fulfilling obligations of the member of the supervisory board in the amount of EUR 36 000 per calendar year. Decision to pay remuneration to supervisory board members  other than the chairman  for fulfilling obligations of the member of the supervisory board in the amount of EUR 11 000 per calendar year. Decision to recall Reimo Hammerberg  Monica Hammer and David Bergendahl from the position of the supervisory board member of Baltic Horizon Fund with the last date of the office being 30 April 2025.Investors are invited to send questions and comments on the agenda to the Baltic Horizon fund manager at Tarmo.Karotam@nh-cap.com by 20 March 2025. Northern Horizon Capital AS will respond to the questions and comments at the meeting itself.Participation – requirements and noticeInvestors who are entered in the Baltic Horizon Fund registry of unit-holders maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE and holders of SDRs registered in the Euroclear Sweden AB system ten days before the date of the General Meeting  i.e. at the end of business of Nasdaq CSD SE on 17 March 2025  are entitled to participate in the meeting.In order to facilitate the registration process  investors whose units are registered in their own name are invited to provide notice of their attendance by 24 March 2025 to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com. Notice should include name  personal identification number (or the registration number of the legal person)  address  number of units represented and  if applicable attendance of any representatives  along with the name and personal identification number of the representatives. The attendance of a representative does not deprive the unit-holder of the right to participate at the meeting.Instructions to holders of Baltic Horizon Fund SDRs registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in SwedenIMPORTANT REQUIREMENT: SDR holders whose SDR-s are registered with Euroclear Sweden AB via a bank or other nominee are required to notify their bank or nominee account provider by 17 March 2025 to temporarily add their name on the Euroclear Sweden AB owner register.Notice of participation should also be sent by 16:00 EET on 24 March 2025 to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com. Notice should include name  personal identification number (or the registration number of the legal person)  address  number of units represented and  if applicable  attendance of any representatives  along with the name and personal identification number of the representatives. The attendance of a representative does not deprive the Investor of the right to participate at the meeting.Representation under a power of attorneyInvestors whose representatives are acting under a power of attorney are requested to prepare a written power of attorney for the representative in Estonian or English (templates can be found at Annex 1).A copy of the executed power of attorney should be sent to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com together with the notice of participation. In case the power of attorney is issued by a legal person  a certified copy of the registration certificate (or equivalent certificate of authority) shall also be submitted together with  as applicable  the documents certifying the authority of the representative in case the power of attorney is signed by a person under a power of attorney.Baltic Horizon Fund is registered in Estonia  which means that any power of attorney (or any certified copy of the registration certificate of a legal person) issued in a foreign country should be notarised and accompanied by an apostille. The apostille requirement applies  for example  to powers of attorney issued and notarised in Sweden or Finland.Instructions for the day of the General MeetingWe kindly ask Investors to bring a personal identification document  and for their representatives also to present the original written power of attorney in English or Estonian. In case the Investor is a legal person  documentation in Estonian or English certifying the authority of the Investor’s representative or the signatory of the power of attorney will also be requested.Data collected by Northern Horizon Capital AS from powers of attorney  the unitholders registry maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE  and the list of holders of SDRs registered in the Euroclear Sweden AB system will be used for the purpose of registration for the meeting.Decision to elect Andrius Smaliukas as a new member of the supervisory board of the Baltic Horizon FundAccording to section 11.2 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund the members of the supervisory board shall be appointed at the general meeting for a period of at least two years. The proposal is to elect Andrius Smaliukas as a new member of the supervisory board.Dr. Smaliukas is the Managing Partner at MMSP  a Lithuanian law firm focused on strategic corporate advisory and dispute resolution. He previously partnered at one of the leading Pan-Baltic firm  Valiunas Ellex  and holds nearly 20 years of experience as an arbitrator and international arbitration lead counsel. Dr. Smaliukas earned his Ph.D. and Master of Laws from Vilnius University  conducted postgraduate research at Oxford  and completed executive programs at Cambridge Judge Business School and Harvard Law School. Dr.Smaliukas serves on the boards of Staticus Group  Kesko Senukai  has extensive advisory experience in commercial real estate M&A and investment management across the Baltic countries.Andrius Smaliukas does not hold any units of the Baltic Horizon Fund.Decision to elect Milda Dargužaitė as a new member of the supervisory board of the Baltic Horizon FundAccording to section 11.2 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund the members of the supervisory board shall be appointed at the general meeting for a period of at least two years. The proposal is to elect Milda Dargužaitė as a new member of the supervisory board.Milda Dargužaitė is the former CEO of Northern Horizon Capital A/S  the shareholder of Northern Horizon Capital AS. She was responsible for managing the company's operations and strategic direction  including the development of new funds and investment vehicles. Milda has significant experience in both the public and private sectors  locally and internationally. She joined the company in 2018 after roles as the Chancellor at the Lithuanian Prime Minister's Office  Managing Director of Invest Lithuania  and advisor to the Lithuanian Minister of Economy. Milda has a wealth of experience in finance and portfolio management from her time at Goldman Sachs in New York and Barclays in London. Milda Dargužaitė was the supervisory board member of Northern Horizon Capital AS from July 2018 until September 2023.Milda holds a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics and Economics from Middlebury College and a master’s degree in Operations Research and Financial Engineering from Princeton University. She has served on the boards of several Northern Horizon Group entities.Milda Dargužaitė does not hold any units of the Baltic Horizon Fund.Decision to elect Antanas Anskaitis as a new member of the supervisory board of the Baltic Horizon FundAccording to section 11.2 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund the members of the supervisory board shall be appointed at the general meeting for a period of at least two years. The proposal is to elect Antanas Anskaitis as a new member of the supervisory board.Antanas Anskaitis is a partner at Grinvest which is a private investment company with interests in real estate and transportation. Antanas has over 20 years of real estate investment management experience (out of which 16 within Northern Horizon Capital group). Since 2015 until 2020 Antanas managed a successful Baltic-Polish investment portfolio on behalf of Partners Group and lead over 30 commercial property transactions in the Baltics and Poland having experience both on sell and buy side. Antanas has MSc in Management and Economics.Grinvest through its subsidiary in Estonia Gene Investments OÜ is the largest unitholder in Baltic Horizon Fund (>25%) at the time of this notice.Decision to pay remuneration to the chairman of the supervisory boardAccording to section 11.11 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund  supervisory board members are entitled to remuneration for their service. The amount of remuneration payable to the chairman and members of the supervisory board shall be decided at the general meeting. According to section 11.4 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund  supervisory board members elect a chairman from among themselves in the first meeting after election of any new member(s).The supervisory board in this composition intends working in close liaison with Northern Horizon Capital AS in the subcommittees and meet at least once a month while Baltic Horizon Fund is in the turnaround phase. The proposal is therefore to pay remuneration to the chairman of the supervisory board in the amount of EUR 36 000 per calendar year.Decision to pay remuneration to supervisory board membersAccording to section 11.11 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund  supervisory board members are entitled to remuneration for their service. The amount of remuneration payable to the chairman and members of the supervisory board shall be decided at the general meeting.The proposed remuneration is the same as for the current members of the supervisory board. The unitholder proposes to remunerate each supervisory board member (except the chairman  who shall be remunerated in accordance with point 4 above) in the amount of EUR 11 000 per calendar year.Decision to recall Reimo Hammerberg  Monica Hammer and David Bergendahl from the position of the supervisory board member of Baltic Horizon FundAccording to section 10.3.3 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund the members of the supervisory board shall be recalled at the general meeting.Annex 1:Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the general meeting (in Estonian)Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the general meeting (in English)For additional information  please contact:Tarmo KarotamBaltic Horizon Fund managerE-mail tarmo.karotam@nh-cap.comwww.baltichorizon.comThe Fund is a registered contractual public closed-end real estate fund that is managed by Alternative Investment Fund Manager license holder Northern Horizon Capital AS.Distribution: GlobeNewswire  Nasdaq Tallinn  Nasdaq Stockholm  www.baltichorizon.comTo receive Nasdaq announcements and news from Baltic Horizon Fund about its projects  plans and more  register on www.baltichorizon.com. You can also follow Baltic Horizon Fund on www.baltichorizon.com and on LinkedIn  Facebook  X and YouTube.Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Baltic Horizon Fund General Meeting', 'notice', 'investors', 'Euroclear Sweden AB owner register', 'Northern Horizon Capital AS', 'Euroclear Sweden AB system', 'Baltic Horizon fund manager', 'Baltic Horizon Fund registry', 'Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders', 'Baltic Horizon Fund SDRs', 'Swedish Depositary Receipt', 'Investment Funds Act', 'Milda Dargužaitė', 'Nasdaq CSD SE', 'nominee account provider', 'personal identification number', 'local Estonian time', 'supervisory board members', 'extraordinary General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'nasdaq.zoom', 'other nominee', 'total number', 'registration number', 'A tower', '6th floor', 'following link', 'Andrius Smaliukas', 'two years', 'Antanas Anskaitis', 'calendar year', 'Reimo Hammerberg', 'Monica Hammer', 'David Bergendahl', 'IMPORTANT REQUIREMENT', 'equivalent certificate', 'new member', 'registration process', 'registration certificate', 'legal person', 'SDR”) holders', 'last date', 'SDR holders', 'certified copy', 'webinar link', 'written power', 'request', 'unitholder', 'units', '1/10', 'votes', 'Investors', '27 March', 'office', 'Roseni', '10111 Tallinn', 'English', 'accordance', 'sections', 'Rules', 'WN_Cd4HF9QwQpaCuPaPa5etOA.', 'instructions', 'everyone', 'company', 'website', 'baltichorizon', 'Agenda', 'Decision', '1 May', 'period', 'remuneration', 'chairman', 'obligations', 'amount', 'position', 'questions', 'comments', 'Tarmo', 'Karotam', '20 March', 'Participation', 'requirements', 'notice', 'business', '17 March', 'order', 'name', 'attendance', '24 March', 'address', 'applicable', 'representatives', 'right', 'SDR-s', 'bank', '16:00 EET', 'bhfmeeting', 'Representation', 'attorney', 'templates', 'Annex', 'case', 'authority', 'documents']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,globenewswire.com
49200,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.ndtv.com/world-news/how-the-west-uses-russias-frozen-reserves-to-help-ukraine-7856809,How The West Uses Russia's Frozen Reserves To Help Ukraine,With Donald Trump&#039;s suspension of U.S. military aid to Ukraine  European nations are again looking at how to utilise some $300 billion of Russian state assets frozen by the Group of Seven rich democracies after Moscow&#039;s 2022 invasion of Ukraine.,"With President Donald Trump's suspension of U.S. military aid to Ukraine  European nations are again looking at how to utilise some $300 billion of Russian state assets frozen by the Group of Seven rich democracies after Moscow's 2022 invasion of Ukraine.Here is what has been done so far and some of the other ideas under consideration:ACTIONS TAKEN SO FARThe Group of Seven (G7) agreed last year to provide Ukraine with $50 billion via a series of bilateral loans that Kyiv could pay off using windfall profits from the frozen Russian assets.The European Union estimates that 210 billion euros ($221.5 billion) of the roughly $300 billion worth of frozen Russian assets are held in the EU  mainly in the form of government bonds that Russia's central bank had stored as reserves.Euroclear  the securities repository in Belgium where the bulk of those bonds are held  made provisions last year for 4 billion euros worth of interest earnings to go into a specially created Ukraine fund.An initial tranche of 1.55 billion euros for the first half of 2024 was paid into the fund last July. A further payment of approximately 2 billion euros covering the second half of 2024 is expected this month.Those payments should keep flowing for years.The EU has said it expects the assets to yield about 15-20 billion euros ($16-$22 billion) in interest earned by 2027  although falling euro zone interest rates will gradually decrease the amounts  Euroclear has said.The United States committed to provide $20 billion of the G7's overall $50 billion of support loans. But Trump's move to suspend his country's military aid to Ukraine means it is now unclear whether Washington will stick to the plan.The G7 groups the United States  Canada  Japan  Germany  Britain  France and Italy.FULL CONFISCATION?British foreign minister David Lammy recently restated the UK's long-standing position that Europe should move from just freezing Russian assets to seizing them.However  other European countries  including France and Germany  remain far more wary about the confiscation idea.The European Central Bank is also among the sceptics  fearing any move to seize the Russian assets would dent confidence in the euro and hurt financial stability.The ECB wants to ensure that it is not only the euro that is affected if other countries such as China or Saudi Arabia started repatriating their reserves from European jurisdictions as a precaution against them potentially being frozen.CEASEFIRE LEVERAGESpeaking alongside Trump last week  France's President Emmanuel Macron said the frozen Russian assets could be part of negotiations with Russia to end the war.According to a report in the Financial Times this week  French officials have discussed a proposal for European capitals to seize the assets if Moscow were to violate a future ceasefire deal.Some top lawyers argue that  legally  there is little difference between siphoning off the interest earned from the bonds and seizing all of the estimated $300 billion of Russian assets.They suggest the latter option could be done under a doctrine of international law known as ""countermeasures"". The assets would then be sold or collateralised and the proceeds handed to Ukraine  or to its dedicated reconstruction fund.Previous examples of such seizures  such as of Iraqi assets after Iraq's 1990 invasion of Kuwait  and of German assets after World War Two  happened after those wars had ended  not while they were still raging - as with Russia's invasion of Ukraine.RUSSIAN PROPOSALSources told Reuters last month that Russia could agree to using the $300 billion of frozen money for reconstruction in Ukraine but will insist that at least some of it is spent in the parts of the country that Moscow's forces now control.Reuters could not establish whether the idea of using the frozen funds was discussed when Russian and U.S. officials held their first face-to-face talks in Riyadh last month on ending the war in Ukraine.Russian Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said the bank was not part of any talks on lifting sanctions or unfreezing of Russia's reserves.Moscow has previously said the West's plans to use the frozen funds for Ukraine amounted to robbery and that it could retaliate by seizing Western assets on its territory.(Except for the headline  this story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is published from a syndicated feed.)",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['The West', 'Frozen Reserves', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'Russian Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina', 'British foreign minister David Lammy', 'falling euro zone interest rates', 'U.S. military aid', 'The European Central Bank', 'U.S. officials', 'President Emmanuel Macron', 'future ceasefire deal', 'The European Union', 'Seven rich democracies', 'President Donald Trump', 'The United States', 'other European countries', 'Russian state assets', '15-20 billion euros', 'dedicated reconstruction fund', 'frozen Russian assets', 'other countries', 'European nations', 'The ECB', 'European jurisdictions', 'European capitals', 'CEASEFIRE LEVERAGE', 'French officials', '210 billion euros', '4 billion euros', '1.55 billion euros', '2 billion euros', 'other ideas', 'frozen funds', 'interest earnings', 'The Group', '$300 billion worth', 'The G7', 'ACTIONS TAKEN', 'bilateral loans', 'windfall profits', 'securities repository', 'initial tranche', 'first half', 'second half', 'support loans', 'FULL CONFISCATION', 'standing position', 'financial stability', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Financial Times', 'top lawyers', 'little difference', 'latter option', 'international law', 'Previous examples', 'RUSSIAN PROPOSAL', 'first face', 'NDTV staff', 'Iraqi assets', 'German assets', 'Western assets', 'confiscation idea', 'face talks', 'government bonds', 'World War', 'Ukraine fund', 'suspension', 'Moscow', '2022 invasion', 'consideration', 'FAR', 'series', 'Kyiv', 'form', 'reserves', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'bulk', 'provisions', 'payment', 'years', 'amounts', 'move', 'country', 'Washington', 'plan', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Germany', 'Britain', 'France', 'Italy', 'sceptics', 'confidence', 'China', 'precaution', 'part', 'negotiations', 'report', 'doctrine', 'countermeasures', 'proceeds', 'seizures', '1990 invasion', 'Kuwait', 'wars', 'Sources', 'Reuters', 'money', 'forces', 'Riyadh', 'sanctions', 'unfreezing', 'robbery', 'territory', 'headline', 'story', 'feed']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,ndtv.com
49201,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/05/3037139/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Suominen-Corporation.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Suominen Corporation,Suominen Corporation’s stock exchange release on March 5  2025  at 9:45 a.m. (EET)  Notice is given to the shareholders of Suominen Corporation to the......,Suominen Corporation’s stock exchange release on March 5  2025  at 9:45 a.m. (EET)Notice is given to the shareholders of Suominen Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  April 25  2025  at 12:00 noon (EEST) at Messukeskus (Holiday Inn Helsinki – Expo entrance) at the address Rautatieläisenkatu 3  00520 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 11:00 a.m. After the meeting  coffee is served  and the shareholders have the opportunity to meet the company's management.The shareholders can also exercise their right to vote by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are shown in this notice to the General Meeting under Section C. “Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting”.A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingThe General Meeting will discuss the following matters:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  which include the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2024Review by the President & CEO.The financial statements including the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability statement)  the auditor’s report and the sustainability assurance report are available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm on April 4  2025  at the latest.7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be paid based on the adopted balance sheet regarding the financial year of 2024 and that the distributable funds be left in the company’s unrestricted equity.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the remuneration report for the governing bodies for 2024. The resolution is an advisory resolution.The remuneration report for 2024 will be available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm on April 4  2025  at the latest.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Suominen Corporation proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the Board of Directors remains unchanged and would be as follows: the Chair would be paid an annual fee of EUR 74 000  the Deputy Chair an annual fee of EUR 45 000 and other Board members an annual fee of EUR 35 000. The Nomination Board also proposes that the additional fee paid to the Chair of the Audit Committee would remain unchanged and be EUR 10 000.Further  the Nomination Board proposes that the fees payable for each Board and Committee meeting would remain unchanged and be as follows: EUR 500 for each meeting held in the home country of the respective member  EUR 1 000 for each meeting held elsewhere than in the home country of the respective member and EUR 500 for each meeting attended by telephone or other electronic means. No fee is paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.75% of the annual fees is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares. The shares will be transferred out of the own shares held by the company by the decision of the Board of Directors within two weeks from the date on which the interim report of January–March 2025 of the company is published.Compensation for expenses will be paid in accordance with the company's valid travel policy.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members will be increased from six to seven.13. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Andreas Ahlström  Björn Borgman  Charles Héaulmé  Nina Linander and Laura Remes would be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and that Gail Ciccione and Maija Joutsenkoski would be elected as new members of the Board of Directors.Out of the current Board members  Aaron Barsness has informed that he is not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Gail Ciccione (b. 1960  BBA  U.S. citizen) is currently the business owner of Trinity Operations Partner  LLC. Prior to that  she has held a number of executive positions at Laborie Medical Technologies  Becton Dickinson and Kimberly-Clark.Maija Joutsenkoski (b. 1981  M.Sc. (Technology)  Finnish citizen) currently works as an Investment Director at A. Ahlström Corporation. Prior to that  she has held a number of executive and other positions at CapMan Buyout  UPM  Nordic Capital and Goldman Sachs.All candidates have given their consent to the election. All candidates are independent of the company. All candidates are independent of the company’s significant shareholders  with the exceptions of Andreas Ahlström and Maija Joutsenkoski. The largest shareholder of Suominen Corporation  Ahlstrom Capital B.V.  is part of the A. Ahlström Group. Andreas Ahlström acts currently as the CEO of Ahlström Invest B.V.  which is an associated company of A. Ahlström Group. Maija Joutsenkoski acts as the Investment Director at A. Ahlström Corporation  which is the parent company of Ahlstrom Capital B.V.Further  the Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Charles Héaulmé would be re-elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.With regard to the election procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. In preparing its proposals the Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual board member candidates possess the required competences  has determined that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole has the best possible expertise for the company and that the composition of the Board of Directors meets the other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.The presentation of the new persons nominated for the Board of Directors is available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm. The presentation of the nominated current members of the Board of Directors is available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor’s fee be paid according to the invoice approved by the company.15. Election of auditorThe company has an obligation to organize an audit firm selection procedure in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) concerning the audit for the financial year 2025 (mandatory auditor rotation).The Audit Committee has prepared its recommendation in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation and organized a statutory audit firm selection procedure. The Committee has reviewed potential audit firm candidates and identified KPMG Oy Ab and Ernst & Young Oy as the best candidates for the global audit engagement of the company. These candidates have been evaluated against a variety of selection criteria  such as proposed audit plan and methodology  experience and composition of the audit team as well as audit quality and price. The selection process included multiple rounds of information submissions  interviews and presentations by the candidates as well as reference checks. After careful consideration based on the selection criteria  KPMG Oy Ab became the Committee's preference and recommended audit firm for the term set out in the articles of association of the company. The Audit Committee confirms that its recommendation is free from influence by a third party and that no clause of the kind referred to in paragraph 6 of Article 16 of the EU Audit Regulation  which would restrict the choice by the Annual General Meeting as regards the appointment of the auditor  has been imposed upon it.Based on the proposal of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab are elected as the auditor of the company for the term set out in the articles of association of the company. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Anders Lundin  APA  will act as the principally responsible auditor of the company if KPMG Oy Ab is elected as the company’s auditor.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the authorised sustainability auditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the authorised sustainability auditor be paid according to the invoice approved by the company.17. Election of the authorised sustainability auditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the company’s authorised sustainability auditor for a term that lasts until the end of the company's next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has stated that Anders Lundin  ASA  will act as the responsible authorised sustainability auditor if KPMG Oy Ab is elected as the company’s authorised sustainability auditor.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares on the following terms and conditions:By virtue of authorization  the Board of Directors is entitled to decide on repurchasing a maximum of 1 000 000 of the company’s own shares  which corresponds to approximately 1.7 per cent of the total number of the company's shares at the time of the proposal.The company’s own shares shall be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the holdings of the shareholders by using the unrestricted equity through trading on the regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition.The shares shall be repurchased and paid in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd.The shares shall be repurchased to be used in the company’s share-based incentive programs  in order to disburse the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for use as consideration in acquisitions related to the company’s business  or to be held by the company  to be conveyed by other means or to be cancelled.The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the repurchase of the company’s own shares. The repurchase authorization shall be valid until June 30  2026  and it revokes all earlier authorizations to repurchase company’s own shares.19. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the share issue and granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the issuance of new shares  conveyance of the company’s own shares held by the company and/or granting of option rights and other special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act.By virtue of the proposed authorization  the Board of Directors may  by one or several resolutions  issue a maximum of 5 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 8.6 per cent of the total number of the company's shares at the time of the proposal. The shares granted by virtue of option rights and other special rights are included in the aforementioned maximum number. Option rights and other special rights may not be granted as a part of the company’s remuneration system.The share issue can be made either against payment or without payment and can also be directed to the company itself. The authorization entitles the Board of Directors to issue the shares also otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed share issue). The authorization can be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements related to the company’s business  to finance investments  to improve the company’s financial structure  as part of the company’s remuneration system or to pay the share proportion of the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorization shall revoke all earlier authorizations regarding share issue and issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The Board of Directors shall decide on all other terms and conditions related to the authorization. The authorization shall be valid until June 30  2026.20. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThis notice including all proposals relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting are available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm. The annual report of Suominen Corporation  which includes the company’s financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability statement) the auditor’s report and the sustainability assurance report  as well as the remuneration report are available on the above website on April 4  2025 at the latest. The proposals and other documents mentioned above are also available at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above website on May 9  2025  at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register of Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the General Meeting April 11  2025 are entitled to participate in the General Meeting. Any shareholder whose company shares are recorded in their personal Finnish book-entry account is automatically included in the company's shareholders’ register. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.The registration period for the General Meeting commences on March 12  2025  at 4:00 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register and wishes to participate in the General Meeting must register for the meeting no later than April 17  2025  by 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received. A shareholder can register for the General Meeting:a) Via the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm.Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy with a Finnish  Swedish  or Danish bank ID  or a mobile certificate.b) By e-mail.Shareholders registering by e-mail shall submit the registration form and advance voting form available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/agm or equivalent information to agm@innovatics.fi.c) By mail.Shareholders registering by mail shall submit the registration form and advance voting form available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/agm or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.The shareholder and their representative are required to provide necessary information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  phone number and/or e-mail  address  the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the proxy representative’s date of birth  phone number and/or e-mail. The personal data provided to Suominen Corporation is only used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.The shareholder and their representative or proxy holder must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET).2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the General Meeting based on the shares which would entitle them entry into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the General Meeting April 11  2025. Participation also requires that the shareholder is temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. by April 22  2025  by 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered as registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of the shareholder's voting rights.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from their custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration and attendance at the General Meeting  and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the General Meeting temporarily in the shareholders’ register of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares. Further information is also available on the company's website at www.suominen.fi/agm.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting through a proxy representative. A shareholder’s proxy representative may also elect to vote in advance as described in this notice if they so wish. The proxy representative must authenticate to the electronic registration service and possible advance voting personally with strong authentication  after which they will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder who they represent. The shareholder’s proxy representative must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that they are entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting.Proving the right to represent can be done by using the suomi.fi e-authorizations service available in the electronic registration service. Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorization documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the General Meeting in the general meeting service on the company’s website  authorized representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication works with personal banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information on the electronic authorizations  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Model proxy documents are available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/agm. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy shall register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.4. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in their personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance between March 12  2025  4:00 p.m. (EET) and April 17  2025  4:00 p.m. (EEST) on certain items on the agenda of the General Meetinga) via the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm. Login to the service is done in the same way as for registration in section C.1 of this notice;b) by e-mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company’s website or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy by e-mail at agm@innovatics.fi; orc) by mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company’s website or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy at Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends  i.e. by April 17  2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST). The submission of votes by mail or e-mail before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the General Meeting  provided that the submission contains the above information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Companies Act unless they participate in the General Meeting in person or through a proxy representative at the meeting venue.With respect to nominee-registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares whom they represent in accordance with the voting instructions given by the holders of the nominee-registered shares during the registration period set for the nominee-registered shareholders.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the General Meeting without any changes.5. Other instructions/informationThe language of the meeting is primarily Finnish  but some speeches may be given in English. At the meeting  there will be simultaneous interpretation into English and  for speeches given in English  into Finnish.A shareholder present at the General Meeting has a right to ask questions at the General Meeting about matters on the agenda of the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  i.e. on March 5  2025  Suominen Corporation has a total of 58 259 219 shares and votes. The company holds on March 5  2025 a total of 532 116 of its own shares which are not entitled to vote at the General Meeting.In Helsinki  March 5  2025SUOMINEN CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsSuominen manufactures nonwovens as roll goods for wipes and other applications. Our vision is to be the frontrunner for nonwovens innovation and sustainability. The end products made of Suominen’s nonwovens are present in people’s daily life worldwide. Suominen’s net sales in 2024 were EUR 462.3 million and we have over 700 professionals working in Europe and in the Americas. Suominen’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. Read more at www.suominen.fi.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMain mediawww.suominen.fi,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.03,0.33,0.65,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Suominen Corporation', 'Notice', 'A. Ahlström Corporation', 'Andreas Ahlström', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'stock exchange release', 'other electronic means', 'valid travel policy', 'Björn Borgman', 'Charles Héaulmé', 'Trinity Operations Partner', 'Laborie Medical Technologies', 'U.S. citizen', 'Holiday Inn Helsinki', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Nomination Board', 'The General Meeting', 'sustainability assurance report', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other Board members', 'current Board members', 'M.Sc.', 'The Board', 'sustainability statement', 'Finnish citizen', 'annual fee', 'Suominen Corporation', 'Expo entrance', 'Rautatieläisenkatu', 'Section C', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'unrestricted equity', 'governing bodies', 'Audit Committee', 'home country', 'respective member', 'two weeks', 'Nina Linander', 'Laura Remes', 'Gail Ciccione', 'Maija Joutsenkoski', 'Aaron Barsness', 'business owner', 'executive positions', 'Becton Dickinson', 'Investment Director', 'financial year', 'Committee meeting', 'suominen.fi', 'additional fee', 'interim report', 'new members', 'advance voting', 'January–March', 'Deputy Chair', 'remuneration report', 'advisory resolution', '9:45 a', '00520 Helsinki', '11:00 a', 'year 2024', 'fees', 'Notice', 'Friday', 'April', '12:00 noon', 'EEST', 'Messukeskus', 'address', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'coffee', 'opportunity', 'company', 'management', 'right', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'website', 'agm', 'use', 'profit', 'distribution', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', 'telephone', 'decisions', 'cash', 'shares', 'Compensation', 'expenses', 'accordance', 'number', 'Chairman', 'BBA', 'Kimberly-Clark', 'Technology']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,globenewswire.com
49202,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/how-the-west-uses-russias-frozen-reserves-to-help-ukraine/articleshow/118740156.cms,How the West uses Russia's frozen reserves to help Ukraine,European nations  looking into appropriating $300 billion of frozen Russian state assets accumulated following the 2022 invasion of Ukraine  are considering full confiscation and using funds for Ukraine's reconstruction. The ECB and other reluctant countries …,"(You can now subscribe to our(You can now subscribe to our Economic Times WhatsApp channelLONDON: With President Donald Trump 's suspension of U.S. military aid to Ukraine  European nations are again looking at how to utilise some $300 billion of Russian state assets frozen by the Group of Seven rich democracies after Moscow's 2022 invasion of Ukraine.Here is what has been done so far and some of the other ideas under consideration:The Group of Seven (G7) agreed last year to provide Ukraine with $50 billion via a series of bilateral loans that Kyiv could pay off using windfall profits from the frozen Russian assets.The European Union estimates that 210 billion euros ($221.5 billion) of the roughly $300 billion worth of frozen Russian assets are held in the EU  mainly in the form of government bonds that Russia's central bank had stored as reserves.Euroclear  the securities repository in Belgium where the bulk of those bonds are held  made provisions last year for 4 billion euros worth of interest earnings to go into a specially created Ukraine fund.An initial tranche of 1.55 billion euros for the first half of 2024 was paid into the fund last July. A further payment of approximately 2 billion euros covering the second half of 2024 is expected this month.Those payments should keep flowing for years.The EU has said it expects the assets to yield about 15-20 billion euros ($16-$22 billion) in interest earned by 2027  although falling euro zone interest rates will gradually decrease the amounts  Euroclear has said.The United States committed to provide $20 billion of the G7's overall $50 billion of support loans. But Trump's move to suspend his country's military aid to Ukraine means it is now unclear whether Washington will stick to the plan.The G7 groups the United States  Canada  Japan  Germany  Britain  France and Italy.British foreign minister David Lammy recently restated the UK's long-standing position that Europe should move from just freezing Russian assets to seizing them.However  other European countries  including France and Germany  remain far more wary about the confiscation idea.The European Central Bank is also among the sceptics  fearing any move to seize the Russian assets would dent confidence in the euro and hurt financial stability.The ECB wants to ensure that it is not only the euro that is affected if other countries such as China or Saudi Arabia started repatriating their reserves from European jurisdictions as a precaution against them potentially being frozen.Speaking alongside Trump last week  France's President Emmanuel Macron said the frozen Russian assets could be part of negotiations with Russia to end the war.According to a report in the Financial Times this week  French officials have discussed a proposal for European capitals to seize the assets if Moscow were to violate a future ceasefire deal.Some top lawyers argue that  legally  there is little difference between siphoning off the interest earned from the bonds and seizing all of the estimated $300 billion of Russian assets.They suggest the latter option could be done under a doctrine of international law known as ""countermeasures"". The assets would then be sold or collateralised and the proceeds handed to Ukraine  or to its dedicated reconstruction fund.Previous examples of such seizures  such as of Iraqi assets after Iraq's 1990 invasion of Kuwait  and of German assets after World War Two  happened after those wars had ended  not while they were still raging - as with Russia's invasion of Ukraine.Sources told Reuters last month that Russia could agree to using the $300 billion of frozen money for reconstruction in Ukraine but will insist that at least some of it is spent in the parts of the country that Moscow's forces now control.Reuters could not establish whether the idea of using the frozen funds was discussed when Russian and U.S. officials held their first face-to-face talks in Riyadh last month on ending the war in Ukraine.Russian Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said the bank was not part of any talks on lifting sanctions or unfreezing of Russia's reserves.Moscow has previously said the West's plans to use the frozen funds for Ukraine amounted to robbery and that it could retaliate by seizing Western assets on its territory. ($1 = 0.9480 euros)",neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['frozen reserves', 'West', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'Russian Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina', 'British foreign minister David Lammy', 'falling euro zone interest rates', 'Economic Times WhatsApp channel', 'U.S. military aid', 'The European Central Bank', 'U.S. officials', 'President Emmanuel Macron', 'future ceasefire deal', 'Seven rich democracies', 'The European Union', 'President Donald Trump', 'The United States', 'other European countries', 'Russian state assets', '15-20 billion euros', 'dedicated reconstruction fund', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Financial Times', 'other countries', 'European nations', 'The ECB', 'European jurisdictions', 'European capitals', 'Seven (G', 'French officials', 'other ideas', 'interest earnings', 'frozen money', 'frozen funds', 'The Group', '210 billion euros', '$300 billion worth', '4 billion euros', '1.55 billion euros', '2 billion euros', 'The G7', 'bilateral loans', 'windfall profits', 'securities repository', 'initial tranche', 'first half', 'second half', 'support loans', 'standing position', 'financial stability', 'Saudi Arabia', 'top lawyers', 'little difference', 'latter option', 'international law', 'Previous examples', 'first face', 'Iraqi assets', 'German assets', 'Western assets', 'confiscation idea', 'face talks', 'government bonds', 'World War', 'Ukraine fund', '0.9480 euros', 'LONDON', 'suspension', 'Moscow', '2022 invasion', 'consideration', 'series', 'Kyiv', 'form', 'reserves', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'bulk', 'provisions', 'payment', 'years', 'amounts', 'move', 'country', 'Washington', 'plan', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Germany', 'Britain', 'France', 'Italy', 'long', 'sceptics', 'confidence', 'China', 'precaution', 'part', 'negotiations', 'report', 'proposal', 'doctrine', 'countermeasures', 'proceeds', 'seizures', '1990 invasion', 'Kuwait', 'wars', 'Sources', 'Reuters', 'forces', 'Riyadh', 'sanctions', 'unfreezing', 'robbery', 'territory', '2024']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,economictimes.indiatimes.com
49203,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/05/3037648/28124/en/Blockchain-Technology-Market-Outlook-2025-2030-with-Blockchain-Market-Case-Studies-for-Honeywell-Aerospace-SGX-Zug-Digital-ING-Group-and-more.html,Blockchain Technology Market Outlook 2025-2030  with Blockchain Market Case Studies for Honeywell Aerospace  SGX  Zug Digital  ING Group and more,The global blockchain market is projected to surge to $306 billion by 2030  growing at a 58.3% CAGR  driven by hybrid blockchain adoption  fintech innovations  and AI-IoT integration. The banking and financial sector leads blockchain adoption  while infrastru…,"Dublin  March 05  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The ""Blockchain Technology Market by Use Cases  Business Models  Solutions  Services and Applications in Industry Verticals 2025 - 2030"" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.This research examines the technology  leading companies  and solutions in the evolving blockchain ecosystem. The report evaluates current and anticipated use cases for blockchain and assesses the market potential globally  regionally  and segmented by deployment type and industry vertical for the period 2025 - 2030.The report evaluates key players  solutions  and use cases. The report also assesses the prospect of integrating Blockchain with other technologies including IoT and artificial intelligence. The report includes detailed forecasts by use case  application  and industry verticals from 2025 - 2030.Select Report Findings:The global blockchain market will experience strong growth with a CAGR of 58.3%  accelerating markets to $306 billion.Hybrid blockchain is the largest segment with 42% of the total marketBanking and financial services is the largest end use industry with 20% of the total market.Infrastructure solutions are the largest solution type with 40% of the total marketThe USA is the largest country in North America  while Germany  UK  Spain  France  and Italy are major countries in Europe.Asia Pacific is expected to grow with a highest CAGR of 61.8% during 2025-2030. China  Japan  and India are the major countries in Asia Pacific.Blockchain Market Dynamics:Blockchain's transformative potential lies in its robust authentication  authorization  and accounting capabilities  driving significant disruption across diverse industries. This technology  along with related distributed authentication and accounting systems  is poised to reshape Information and Communications Technology (ICT)  leading to substantial dis-intermediation.Lessons learned from FinTech and traditional banking regarding decentralized authentication  clearing  and settlement are readily applicable to telecom and computing challenges. This will benefit numerous sectors  with profound impacts on:Financial Markets: Investing and trading processes.Emerging Industries: Legal cannabis and other regulated markets.Supply Chains: Redefining vendor  customer  and peer relationships.Blockchain integration will fundamentally alter industry operations  enhancing efficiency and reducing costs. This is evident in the emergence of startups offering blockchain-enabled software and hardware for connected devices  focusing on data encryption  information distribution  and device monetization.Key Blockchain Areas:Internet of Things (IoT): Blockchain will be crucial for authenticating and authorizing IoT transactions. Companies like HYPR pioneer decentralized credential approaches  replacing centralized passwords with biometric and password-free solutions  enhancing IoT cybersecurity.Telecommunications: Blockchain can revolutionize resource identity management  including tracking ownership and custody of assets like telephone numbers. This can significantly improve enterprise identity verification for both voice and data communications.Blockchain as a Service (BaaS): BaaS models will enable widespread adoption and scalability through cloud services. This facilitates the integration of blockchain with other technologies  such as AI in supply chain management (SCM)  leading to significant improvements in SCM efficiency.We see blockchain and related distributed authentication and accounting technologies transforming ICT systems and processes. There will also be a substantial impact in terms of business model disintermediation across a wide variety of industry verticals.Lessons learned in FinTech and traditional banking from the deployment and operation of decentralized authentication  clearing and settlement  will be applied towards many telecom and computing problems for the benefit of many industry verticals.The impact will be wide-ranging  including everything from investing/trading to the legal cannabis industry  and very deep in terms of changes to supply chains and relationships between vendors  customers  and peers. We are already starting to see major impacts in shipping  food safety  and various logistics-heavy industries.Key Topics Covered:1. Executive Summary2. Introduction2.1 Evolution of the Payment Industry2.2 Payments Value Chain and Blockchain2.3 Blockchain Technology2.4 Early Blockchain Implementations2.5 Blockchain Technology SWOT Analysis3. Blockchain Ecosystem and Marketplace3.1 Blockchain Types and Stakeholders3.2 Blockchain Applications3.3 Blockchain Application in Industry Verticals3.4 Blockchain in Internet of Things3.5 Blockchain as a Service3.6 Blockchain Stakeholders in ICT3.7 Blockchain to Improve Cybersecurity3.8 Blockchain Investment Analysis3.9 Important Blockchain Consortia and AssociationsR3cev Blockchain ConsortiumPost Trade Distributed Ledger (PTDL) GroupHyperledger ProjectGlobal Payments Steering Group (GPSG)Financial Blockchain Shenzhen Consortium (FBSC)Cu LedgerBlockchain Collaborative ConsortiumWall Street Blockchain Alliance (WSBA)Japan Blockchain Association (JBA)Korea Financial Investment Association (KFIA)Nimbrix ConsortiumB3i3.10 Blockchain Solutions in Industry VerticalsJapan Exchange Group Blockchain ConsortiumWalmart Blockchain for Food SafetyUbitquity Blockchain in Real EstateHYPR and Blockchain BiometricsWhaleclub Trading Supported by BlockchainEasyBit Expands Bitcoin ATM Network to VietnamBlockchain Technology as Medium to Declare Love and MarriageBitcoin Boosts Solar Energy IndustryLO3 Energy and Siemens Blockchain for MicrogridsMasterCard Blockchain APIsConsenSys and UAE Partnership for Blockchain ProjectsPeople's Bank of China Digital CurrencyChina Halts Withdrawals of BitcoinHuiyin Group Bitcoin FundBitFury Group and BlockchainReserve Bank of India Blockchain Technology for Trade ApplicationsYES Bank to Multi-nodal Blockchain Solution for Bajaj ElectricalsEuropean Bank Digital Trade ChainBTL Group to Test Interbit Platform with Energy CompaniesBNP Paribas Test Blockchain Based Real-Time Corporate PaymentsWISeKey to Establish IoT Blockchain Centre of ExcellenceARK Crew Testnet for BlockchainICICI Bank and NBD Blockchain-based TransactionsPAXOS Blockchain for Gold Settlement with EuroclearMicrosoft and BAML Blockchain Improve Trade FinanceMahindra Group Blockchain Solution with IBMChitkara University Blockchain for E-DocumentsUBS Expands Blockchain in ChinaIBM China and UnionPay Permissioned Blockchain NetworkIBM and Beijing Energy-Blockchain Labs Use Blockchain for Carbon TradingEuropean Central Bank and Japan Central Bank Explore BlockchainOneCoin Enhanced BlockchainSompo Japan Use Blockchain for Catastrophe and Weather DerivativesTech Bureau and Zaif Bitcoin ExchangeHitachi and BTMU Utilize Blockchain to Bank CheckSenegal National Digital CurrencySingapore Blockchain for Electronic Payment SystemAccenture and Digital Asset Holdings Blockchain PracticeRISE Financial Technologies Post-Trade Blockchain TechnologyVISA to Introduce Blockchain Based Solution for Payment ServicesChain Inc. Released Open Source Blockchain ProtocolColu and Blockchain Based CurrenciesDigitalX Partnership with TelefonicaEris Industries Partners with Ledger to Improve Blockchain Hardware SecurityMonax Industries Partnership with Ledger for Blockchain Hardware SecurityGerman Central Bank  Deutsche Bundesbank Blockchain Trading PrototypeUK Trials Blockchain Welfare Payment SystemSantander Blockchain for International PaymentsElectron Ethereum Blockchain in UK Energy SectorBank of Russia Tests MasterchainGoCoin Merges with ZiftrTunisia National Payment PlatformDigital Asset Acquired ElevenceNASDAQ Blockchain in Private Market with Chain Inc.AlphaPoint Blockchain Tool for Banks4. Blockchain Market Dynamics4.1 Market and Technology DriversIncreased Blockchain within Traditional Financial InstitutionsDigitization for Improved Service Realization and Error PreventionCloud-based Service Delivery Models4.2 Challenges and OpportunitiesSecurity IssuesRegulation and GovernanceMergers and Acquisitions4.3 Primary Benefits by Industry4.4 The Framework of Blockchain Value4.5 Improving Productivity and Quality by Using Blockchain4.6 Difference between Centralized Databases Blockchains4.7 Porter Five Forces5. Blockchain Market Case Study5.1 Blockchain Asset Management and Real Estate Case Study5.2 Blockchain Case Study for Government in the UAE5.3 Honeywell Aerospace creates online parts marketplace with Hyperledger Fabric5.4 SGX Used Amazon Managed Blockchain for an Innovative Payment Solution5.5 Zug Digital ID Case Study5.6 ING Group: KYC System on Blockchain5.7 Streamlining Efficiency in Logistics with IoT Blockchain5.8 Palm Oil Industry Case Study Using Blockchain and IoT6. Blockchain Market Outlook and Forecasts 2025 - 20306.1 Global Market Forecast 2025 - 20306.2 Blockchain Markets by Solution 2025 - 20306.3 North America Blockchain Technology Markets 2025 - 20306.4 Europe Blockchain Technology Markets 2025 - 20306.5 Asia Pacific Blockchain Technology Markets 2025 - 20306.6 Middle East & Africa Blockchain Technology Markets 2025 - 20306.7 Latin America Blockchain Technology Markets 2025 - 20307. Blockchain Vendor Analysis21  Inc.Abra  Inc.AccentureAlphapoint CorporationAmazonBaiduBitfury GroupBlockCypher  Inc.BloqBTL Group (Blockchain Tech Ltd.)Circle Internet Financial LimitedCoinbaseConsenSys Systems (ConsenSys)CreditsDell TechnologiesDeloitte Touche TohmatsuDigital Asset HoldingsDigitalx Ltd. (Digital Cc Ltd.)DMG Blockchain SolutionsEarthport (Acquired by VISA)Factom Inc.Fidelity InvestmentsGlobal Arena Holding  Inc.HoloHPHyperLedgerIBM CorporationIntelygenzInterstellar  Inc.IOTALibra Services  Inc.Linux FoundationMicrosoft CorporationNASDAQOverstockR3RippleTenCent8. Conclusions and RecommendationsFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/thspvAbout ResearchAndMarkets.comResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets  key industries  the top companies  new products and the latest trends.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['Blockchain Market Case Studies', 'Blockchain Technology Market', 'Honeywell Aerospace', 'Zug Digital', 'ING Group', 'SGX', 'Post Trade Distributed Ledger', 'Global Payments Steering Group', 'largest end use industry', '2.5 Blockchain Technology SWOT Analysis', '2.2 Payments Value Chain', 'resource identity management', 'enterprise identity verification', 'related distributed authentication', 'business model disintermediation', '3.8 Blockchain Investment Analysis', 'decentralized credential approaches', 'supply chain management', 'various logistics-heavy industries', 'largest solution type', '2.4 Early Blockchain Implementations', 'Important Blockchain Consortia', 'R3cev Blockchain Consortium', 'anticipated use cases', 'global blockchain market', 'evolving blockchain ecosystem', 'other regulated markets', 'Select Report Findings', 'Key Blockchain Areas', 'legal cannabis industry', 'Blockchain Market Dynamics', 'many industry verticals', 'Blockchain Technology Market', 'PTDL) Group', 'largest segment', 'largest country', 'decentralized authentication', 'Business Models', 'robust authentication', 'key players', 'other technologies', 'diverse industries', 'Emerging Industries', 'Supply Chains', 'Key Topics', 'industry operations', 'Payment Industry', 'total market', 'Communications Technology', '2.3 Blockchain Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'ResearchAndMarkets.com', 'deployment type', 'artificial intelligence', 'detailed forecasts', 'strong growth', 'North America', 'major countries', 'Asia Pacific', 'accounting capabilities', 'significant disruption', 'accounting systems', 'substantial dis-intermediation', 'computing challenges', 'numerous sectors', 'profound impacts', 'Financial Markets', 'blockchain-enabled software', 'connected devices', 'data encryption', 'device monetization', 'HYPR pioneer', 'centralized passwords', 'telephone numbers', 'data communications', 'widespread adoption', 'significant improvements', 'accounting technologies', 'wide variety', 'many telecom', 'computing problems', 'major impacts', 'food safety', 'Executive Summary', 'Hyperledger Project', 'Hybrid blockchain', '3.1 Blockchain Types', 'financial services', 'traditional banking', 'cloud services', 'leading companies', 'The USA', 'highest CAGR', 'transformative potential', 'trading processes', 'peer relationships', 'information distribution', 'IoT transactions', 'BaaS models', 'substantial impact', 'Blockchain integration', '3.2 Blockchain Applications', '3.3 Blockchain Application', '3.6 Blockchain Stakeholders', 'Infrastructure solutions', 'password-free solutions', 'ICT systems', 'IoT cybersecurity', 'SCM efficiency', '3.4 Blockchain', '3.5 Blockchain', '3.7 Blockchain', 'Dublin', 'offering', 'current', 'period', 'prospect', 'Germany', 'UK', 'Spain', 'France', 'Italy', 'Europe', 'China', 'Japan', 'India', 'authorization', 'Lessons', 'FinTech', 'clearing', 'settlement', 'Investing', 'vendor', 'customer', 'costs', 'emergence', 'startups', 'hardware', 'Internet', 'Things', 'biometric', 'Telecommunications', 'tracking', 'ownership', 'custody', 'assets', 'voice', 'scalability', 'terms', 'benefit', 'everything', 'changes', 'peers', 'shipping', 'Introduction', 'Evolution', 'Marketplace', 'Associations', 'GPSG', '2.1', '9']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,globenewswire.com
49204,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/05/3037133/0/en/Suominen-Corporation-s-Financial-Statements-Release-for-January-1-December-31-2024-Moderate-improvement-in-full-year-comparable-EBITDA.html,Suominen Corporation’s Financial Statements Release for January 1 – December 31  2024: Moderate improvement in full year comparable EBITDA,Suominen Corporation Financial Statements Release on March 5  2025  at 9:30 a.m. (EET) Suominen Corporation’s Financial Statements Release for January 1 – December 31  2024: Moderate improvement in full year comparable EBITDA,Suominen Corporation Financial Statements Release on March 5  2025  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Suominen Corporation’s Financial Statements Release for January 1 – December 31  2024:Moderate improvement in full year comparable EBITDAKey figures10-12/ 10-12/ 1-12/ 1-12/ 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales  EUR million 118.5 114.9 462.3 450.9 Comparable EBITDA  EUR million 4.2 5.3 17.0 15.8 Comparable EBITDA  % 3.6 4.6 3.7 3.5 EBITDA  EUR million 5.4 5.3 17.2 11.2 EBITDA  % 4.5 4.6 3.7 2.5 Comparable operating profit  EUR million -0.3 0.7 -1.4 -2.8 Comparable operating profit  % -0.2 0.6 -0.3 -0.6 Operating profit  EUR million 0.9 0.7 -1.3 -7.5 Operating profit  % 0.7 0.6 -0.3 -1.7 Profit for the period  EUR million 0.8 -1.4 -5.3 -12.8 Cash flow from operations  EUR million 6.5 13.1 3.9 30.7 Cash flow from operations per share  EUR 0.11 0.23 0.07 0.53 Earnings per share  basic  EUR 0.01 -0.02 -0.09 -0.22 Dividend per share  EUR* − − 0.00 0.10 Return on invested capital  rolling 12 months  % − − -0.7 -4.1 Gearing  % − − 51.7 35.3* Proposal by the Board of DirectorsIn this Financial Statements Release  the figures shown in brackets refer to the comparison period last year if not otherwise stated.October–December 2024 in brief:- Net sales increased by 3% and were EUR 118.5 million (114.9)- Comparable EBITDA was EUR 4.2 million (5.3)- Cash flow from operations was EUR 6.5 million (13.1)Financial year 2024 in brief:- Net sales increased by 2.5% and were EUR 462.3 million (450.9)- Comparable EBITDA improved to EUR 17.0 million (15.8)- Cash flow from operations totaled to EUR 3.9 million (30.7)- Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General meeting that no dividend shall be distributed for the financial year 2024Outlook for 2025:Suominen expects that its comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) in 2025 will improve from 2024. In 2024  Suominen’s comparable EBITDA was EUR 17.0 million.Board proposal on distribution of dividend:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General meeting  that no dividend shall be distributed for the financial year 2024.Tommi Björnman  President and CEO:”The nonwovens market continues to have a healthy growth above the GDP  but our target markets are facing uncertainty due to the global geopolitical situation and shifting export balance.Our net sales in the financial year 2024 were EUR 462.3 million (450.9). The increase in sales was driven by higher sales volumes offset by lower sales prices resulting from lower raw material prices compared to full year 2023.The wipes nonwovens market is rapidly transitioning towards more sustainable solutions. In line with our strategy  we have set targets to increase the sales of sustainable products and to continuously innovate new environmentally friendly nonwovens. In 2024 we increased the sales of sustainable products by 87% exceeding our target of 50% increase compared to our base year 2019. Our strong ability to innovate and to meet market needs is also reflected in the share of net sales from new products launched in the last three years  which was 34%.In the first half of 2024 we saw gradual improvements driven by commercial excellence and stable operational performance. However  the second half of the year was challenging for us. In Q3  we had operational issues  which led into unplanned production downtime and additional expenses. These issues impacted EBITDA negatively by approximately EUR 3.0 million.In the fourth quarter of 2024  we were able to fix the operational issues experienced in the third quarter  but we experienced increased competition from low-cost countries  mainly in Europe  which affected our sales volumes negatively. However  we were able to improve our sales prices and mix.Our full year comparable EBITDA increased from the previous year and was EUR 17.0 million (15.8). The main contributor to the improvement was higher sales margins driven by the actions we took in commercial excellence.As sustainability is in the core of our operations  in 2024 we took part in the EcoVadis assessment for the third time and improved our score from a silver to a gold level driven by our continuous improvement in sustainability work. This result places us in the top 1% of companies in the industry of manufacturing other textiles and in the top 5% of all companies in all industries rated by EcoVadis.In 2024 we announced two large investments which will strengthen our capabilities in sustainable products. In May  we announced an approximately EUR 10 million investment in enhancing and upgrading one of our production lines in Bethune  South Carolina  USA. The investment project will be completed in the first half of 2025. In August  we announced an investment in a new production line at our site in Alicante  Spain. The total value of the investment is approximately EUR 20 million and the investment project will be completed in the second half of 2025. Both investments are proceeding according to plan.Looking at the year ahead we see that the market demand continues to be solid. Even though the current geopolitical environment can cause temporary uncertainty  our global production platform positions us well in our target markets. We have a comprehensive portfolio of new products which differentiates us from the competition  and we are currently investing in our production lines to be able to further increase the share of new products. I am confident that the ongoing improvement actions and projects will help us in our journey towards profitable growth.Finally  I want to thank all our employees for their commitment and contribution and our business partners for productive cooperation in 2024.”NET SALESOctober–December 2024In the fourth quarter  Suominen’s net sales increased by 3% from the comparison period to EUR 118.5 million (114.9). Sales volumes decreased slightly from the comparison period  but we were able to improve the sales prices and the product mix. Currencies impacted net sales negatively by EUR 0.3 million.Net sales of the Americas business area amounted to EUR 72.7 million (72.3) and net sales of the EMEA business area to EUR 45.8 million (42.6).Financial year 2024In 2024  Suominen’s net sales increased by 2.5% from the comparison period to EUR 462.3 million (450.9). The increase in sales was driven by higher sales volumes offset by lower sales prices resulting from lower raw material prices. Currencies impacted net sales negatively by EUR 1.8 million.Net sales of Americas business area were EUR 287.9 million (288.0) and net sales of EMEA business area were EUR 174.4 million (162.8).EBITDA  OPERATING PROFIT AND RESULTOctober–December 2024Comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) was EUR 4.2 million (5.3). EBITDA was EUR 5.4 million (5.3). The main reasons for the decrease in comparable EBITDA were higher raw material prices which were not fully offset by higher sales prices. Currencies impacted EBITDA positively by EUR 0.1 million.Comparable operating profit decreased from the corresponding period of the previous year and was EUR -0.3 million (0.7). Operating profit was EUR 0.9 million (0.7).Items affecting comparability of EBITDA as well as operating profit in 2024 were EUR +1.1 million and they were related to the closure of Mozzate plant in Italy. In the fourth quarter of 2023  items affecting comparability of EBITDA and operating profit were EUR +0.01 million.Result before income taxes in the fourth quarter was EUR 0.6 million (-1.3) and profit for the period EUR 0.8 million (-1.4). The income taxes for the period were EUR +0.3 million (-0.1).Financial year 2024Comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) was EUR 17.0 million (15.8). EBITDA was EUR 17.2 million (11.2). The main contributor to the improvement was higher sales margins driven by the actions we took in commercial excellence. Currencies impacted EBITDA negatively by EUR 0.8 million.Comparable operating profit amounted to EUR -1.4 million (-2.8). Operating profit amounted to EUR -1.3 million (-7.5).Items affecting comparability of EBITDA and operating profit were EUR +0.2 million (-4.8)  related to the closure of Mozzate plant as well as to the restructuring program initiated in May.In 2024  profit before income taxes was EUR -5.3 million (-13.5). Income taxes for the financial year were EUR +0.1 million (+0.7).The profit for the period was EUR -5.3 million (-12.8).FINANCINGThe Group’s net interest-bearing liabilities  calculated with the nominal value of the interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the review period  December 31  2024  amounted to EUR 60.8 million (44.1). Gearing was 51.7% (35.3%) and equity ratio 37.9% (39.5%).In 2024  net financial expenses were EUR -4.1 million (-6.0)  or 0.9% (1.3%) of net sales. Net effect of changes in foreign exchange rates in financial items was EUR 1.0 million (-0.6).Cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter was EUR 6.5 million (13.1). Cash flow from operations in 2024 was EUR 3.9 million (30.7). Cash flow from operations per share in 2024 was EUR 0.07 (0.53). The financial items in the cash flow from operations  in total EUR -5.0 million (-5.0)  were principally impacted by the interests paid during the reporting period. The change in the net working capital in 2024 was EUR 5.9 million negative (EUR 25.7 million positive) mainly due to more cash being tied up to inventory.CAPITAL EXPENDITUREIn 2024  the gross capital expenditure totaled EUR 16.0 million (11.2) and the largest items were related to the growth investment initiatives in Bethune  USA and Alicante  Spain. Other investments were mainly for maintenance.In 2024 Suominen announced two large investments which strengthen its capabilities in sustainable products. In May  Suominen announced an approximately EUR 10 million investment in enhancing and upgrading one of the production lines in Bethune  South Carolina  USA. The investment project will be completed in the first half of 2025. In August  Suominen announced an investment in a new production line to its site in Alicante  Spain. The total value of the investment is approximately EUR 20 million and the investment project will be completed in the second half of 2025.Depreciations and amortizations were EUR -18.4 million (-18.6) and impairment losses were EUR -0.0 million (-0.1).PERSONNELDuring 2024  Suominen employed 689 FTEs (682) on average  and 722 (659) FTEs at the end of 2024. The increase is mainly in the operations function.PROGRESS IN SUSTAINABILITYWe have a comprehensive approach to sustainability and our Sustainability Agenda 2020‒2025 defines our focus areas and their KPIs. In 2024  Suominen worked to renew the Sustainability Agenda and define new KPIs for the period 2025–2030.KPI results for Sustainability Agenda 2020‒2025We have strong focus on safety and accident prevention. Our target is to have zero lost-time accidents and in 2024  Suominen had 4 (6) lost time accidents.Increasing employee engagement is another of our key people-related targets. We conducted a fifth consecutive global employee engagement survey in 2024 and based on the results  our employee engagement index is 67% (66%). The index is a combination of questions concerning our people's retention  likelihood to recommend the company  organizational pride and commitment. Our target is to reach 73% result by 2025.We are committed to continuously improving our production efficiency and the efficient utilization of natural resources. Our target is to reduce our energy consumption  greenhouse gas emissions  water consumption and waste to landfill by 20% per ton of product by 2025 compared to the base year of 2019. By the end of 2024  our greenhouse gas emissions have decreased by 24% per ton of product compared to 2019. However  we did not succeed in our targets to reduce our water consumption  energy consumption or waste to landfill in 2024.Regarding sustainable products  our target is to increase their sales by 50% by 2025 and to have over 10 sustainable product launches per year. In 2024  we launched 11 sustainable products  and the sales of sustainable product sales has increased by 87% compared to the base year of 2019.Suominen provides a detailed overview of its sustainability performance in the Sustainability Statement in the Report by the Board of Directors included in the Annual Report 2024  which will be published in the week starting on March 31  2025. Suominen’s sustainability statement is prepared in accordance with the Finnish Accounting Act  European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) and EU Taxonomy regulation.SHARE INFORMATIONShare capitalThe number of Suominen’s registered shares was 58 259 219 on December 31  2024  equaling to a share capital of EUR 11 860 056.00. Suominen has one series of shares. Each share carries one vote in the Shareholders’ Meeting and right to an equally-sized dividend. Suominen’s shares are affiliated in a book-entry system.Share trading and priceThe number of Suominen Corporation shares (SUY1V) traded on Nasdaq Helsinki from January 1 to December 31  2024  was 951 426 shares  accounting for 1.7% of the average number of shares (excluding treasury shares). The highest price was EUR 2.93  the lowest EUR 1.96  and the volume-weighted average price EUR 2.53. The closing price at the beginning of the review period  on January 2  2024  was EUR 2.78 and the closing price on the last trading date of the review period  on December 30  2024  was EUR 2.28.The market capitalization (excluding treasury shares) was EUR 131.6 million on December 31  2024.Treasury sharesOn December 31  2024  Suominen Corporation held 532 116 treasury shares.In accordance with the resolution by the Annual General Meeting  in total 25 088 shares were transferred in May to the members of the Board of Directors as their remuneration payable in shares.As a part of the CEO’s share-based payment plan vested  in total 9 556 shares were transferred to the CEO in June.The portion of the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors paid in sharesThe Annual General Meeting held on April 4  2024  decided that 75% of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares.The number of shares forming the remuneration portion payable in shares was determined based on the share value in the stock exchange trading maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd  calculated as the trade volume-weighted average quotation of the share during the two-week period immediately following the date on which the Interim Report of January‒March 2024 of the company was published. The shares were given out of the treasury shares held by the company by the decision of the Board of Directors on May 16  2024.Authorizations of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM held on April 4  2024  authorized the Board of Directors to decide on repurchasing a maximum of 1 000 000 company’s own shares. The company’s own shares shall be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the holdings of the shareholders by using the non-restricted equity through trading on regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition. The shares shall be repurchased and paid in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd.The shares shall be repurchased to be used in the company’s share-based incentive programs  in order to disburse the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for use as consideration in acquisitions related to the company’s business  or to be held by the company  to be conveyed by other means or to be cancelled.The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the repurchase of the company’s own shares. The repurchase authorization is valid until June 30  2025  and it revokes all earlier authorizations to repurchase company’s own shares.The AGM authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the share issue  conveying the company’s own shares held by the company and/or granting of options and other special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act.By virtue of the proposed authorization  the Board of Directors may  by one or several resolutions  issue a maximum of 5 000 000 shares. The share issue and shares granted by virtue of options and other special rights are included in the aforementioned maximum number. Option and other special rights may not be granted as a part of the company’s remuneration system.The share issue can be made either against payment or without payment and can also be directed to the company itself. The authorization entitles the Board of Directors to issue the shares also otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed share issue). The authorization can be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements related to the company's business  to finance investments  to improve the company’s financial structure  as part of the company’s remuneration system or to pay the share proportion of the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorizations shall revoke all earlier authorizations regarding share issue and issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The Board of Directors shall decide on all other terms and conditions related to the authorizations. The authorizations are valid until June 30  2025.In accordance with the resolution by the Annual General Meeting  in total 25 088 shares were transferred in May to the members of the Board of Directors as their remuneration payable in shares.As a part of the CEO’s share-based payment plan vested  in total 9 556 shares were transferred to the CEO in June.After these transactions  the maximum amount of the authorization is 4 965 356 shares in aggregate.Share-based incentive plans for the management and key employees valid in 2024The Group management and key employees participate in the company’s share-based long-term incentive plans. The plans are described in more detail in the Financial Statements and in the Remuneration Report  available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi.Company's Performance Share Plan currently includes three 3-year performance periods  calendar years 2022–2024  2023–2025 and 2024–2026. The aim of the Performance Share Plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and the persons participating in the plan in order to increase the value of the company in long-term  to build loyalty to the company and to offer them competitive reward plans based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares.Performance Share Plan: Ongoing performance periodsPerformance Period 2022–2024 2023–2025 2024–2026 Incentive based on Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Absolute Total Shareholder Return (40%)  Relative Total Shareholder Return (40%) and operative performance and sustainability goal (20%) Potential reward payment Will be paid partly in Suominen shares and partly in cash in spring 2025 Will be paid partly in Suominen shares and partly in cash in spring 2026 Will be paid partly in Suominen shares and partly in cash in spring 2027 Participants 16 people 17 people 22 people Maximum number of shares 130 500 500 500 845 191The President & CEO of the company must hold 50% of the net number of shares given on the basis of the plan  as long as his or her shareholding in total corresponds to the value of his or her annual gross salary. A member of the Executive Team must hold 50% of the net number of shares given on the basis of the plan  as long as his or her shareholding in total corresponds to the value of half of his or her annual gross salary. Such a number of shares must be held as long as the participant’s employment or service in a group company continues.The President & CEO’s share-based incentive planThe Board of Directors of Suominen Corporation resolved on May 19  2023  to establish a new share-based incentive plan for the company’s President & CEO. The aim of the plan is to align the objectives of the shareholders and the President & CEO in order to increase the value of Suominen in the long-term  to retain the President & CEO at the company  and to offer him a competitive reward plan that is based on acquiring  receiving and accumulating the company's shares.Under the plan the President & CEO is expected to own or acquire up to 30 000 shares of Suominen Corporation at a price formed in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki. Suominen will match the share investment by way of the President & CEO receiving  without consideration  up to 60 000 matching shares (gross  including also the proportion to be paid in cash).The plan includes three vesting periods  June 1  2023–June 1  2024  June 1  2023–June 1  2025  and June 1  2023–June 1  2026. The potential reward will be paid partly in shares and partly in cash in three equal installments after each vesting period  provided that the President & CEO’s service in the company is in force at the time of the reward payment. The cash proportion is intended to cover taxes and tax-related costs arising from the rewards to the President & CEO.The first vesting period ended in June 2024  and in total 9 556 shares were transferred to the CEO.SHAREHOLDERSAt the end of the review period  on December 31  2024  Suominen Corporation had in total 4 813 shareholders. Suominen is not aware of any shareholder agreements related with the shareholding or use of voting rights. Detailed information on the management shareholding and a table presenting the largest shareholders is available in the notes of this Financial Statements Release.Notifications under Chapter 9  Section 5 of the Securities Market ActDuring the review period Suominen received no notifications under Chapter 9  Section 5 of the Securities Market Act.CHANGES IN THE EXECUTIVE TEAMOn May 31  2024  Suominen announced that Klaus Korhonen  EVP  HR & Legal will leave the company.On August 26  2024  Suominen announced that Thomas Olsen  EVP  Americas will leave the company. Markku Koivisto was appointed as interim EVP  Americas in addition to his current role as EVP  EMEA and CTO.On October 21  2024  Suominen announced that Minna Rouru  M.Sc. Social Sciences  was appointed Chief People & Communications Officer at Suominen. She became a member of Suominen's Executive Management Team and reports to President and CEO Tommi Björnman. Mrs. Rouru started in her new position in January 2025.On December 5  2024  Suominen announced that Mark Ushpol was appointed EVP  Americas business area. He is a member of Suominen's Executive Management Team and reports to President and CEO Tommi Björnman. He started in his new position on January 6  2025.COMPOSITION OF THE NOMINATION BOARDSuominen’s three largest registered shareholders Ahlstrom Capital B.V.  Etola Group Oy and Oy Etra Invest Ab have nominated the following members to the Shareholders’ Nomination Board:Jyrki Vainionpää  President & CEO of A. Ahlström Oy  as a member appointed by Ahlstrom Capital B.V.Mikael Etola  CEO of Etola Group Oy  as a member appointed by Etola Group OyPeter Seligson  Chair of the Board of Directors of A. Ahlström Oy  as a member appointed by Oy Etra Invest AbCharles Héaulmé  Chair of Suominen’s Board of Directors  serves as the fourth member of the Nomination Board. The shareholders entitled to appoint members to the Nomination Board were determined on the basis of the registered holdings in the company’s shareholders' register on September 2  2024.In its organizing meeting on September 19  2024  the Nomination Board elected Jyrki Vainionpää as the Chair of the Nomination Board.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Suominen Corporation was held on April 4  2024.The AGM adopted the Financial Statements for 2023 and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the 2023 financial year.The AGM resolved to approve the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2023. The resolution made is advisory. The AGM resolved to support the Remuneration Policy for the Company’s governing bodies. The resolution made is advisory. The AGM approved the Board of Directors' proposals concerning the authorization for the Board to decide on repurchasing of the company's shares as well as issuance of shares and granting of options and other special rights entitling to shares.The AGM confirmed the remuneration of the Board of Directors. The Chair will be paid an annual fee of EUR 74 000  the Deputy Chair an annual fee of EUR 45 000 and other Board members an annual fee of EUR 35 000. Chair of the Audit Committee will be paid an additional fee of EUR 10 000. Further  the members of the Board will receive a fee for each Board and Committee meeting as follows: EUR 500 for each meeting held in the home country of the respective member  EUR 1 000 for each meeting held elsewhere than in the home country of the respective member and EUR 500 for each meeting attended by telephone or other electronic means.75% of the annual fee is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares. Compensation for expenses is paid in accordance with the company's valid travel policy.The AGM decided that the number of Board members remains unchanged at six (6). Mr. Andreas Ahlström  Mr. Aaron Barsness  Mr. Björn Borgman  Ms. Nina Linander and Ms. Laura Remes were re-elected as members of the Board. Mr. Charles Héaulmé was elected as a new member of the Board. Mr. Charles Héaulmé was elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.Ernst & Young Oy  Authorised Public Accountant firm  was re-elected as the auditor of the company for the next term of office in accordance with the Articles of Association. Ernst & Young Oy appointed Mr. Toni Halonen  Authorised Public Accountant  as the principally responsible auditor of the company.Suominen published a stock exchange release on April 4  2024  concerning the resolutions of the Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of the Board of Directors.In compliance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  on April 15  2024  Suominen paid out dividends in total of EUR 5.8 million for 2023  corresponding to EUR 0.10 per share.Organizing meeting and permanent committees of the Board of DirectorsIn its organizing meeting held after the AGM  the Board of Directors elected Andreas Ahlström as Deputy Chair of the Board.The Board of Directors elected from among its members the members for the Audit Committee  Personnel and Remuneration Committee and Strategy Committee. Nina Linander was re-elected as the Chair of the Audit Committee and Andreas Ahlström and Laura Remes were re-elected as members. Charles Héaulmé was elected as the Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee and Björn Borgman and Aaron Barsness were re-elected as members. Laura Remes was re-elected as the Chair of the Strategy Committee and Andreas Ahlström and Aaron Barsness were re-elected as members.BUSINESS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIESManufacturing risksSuominen has production plants in several European countries  United States and Brazil. Interruptions at the plants caused for example by machinery breakdown can cause production losses and delivery problems. Ongoing maintenance and investments aiming to extend the lifetime of the assets are an essential part of ensuring the operational efficiency of the existing production lines.Suominen’s operations could be disrupted due to abrupt and unforeseen events beyond the company's control  such as power outages or fire and water damage. Suominen may not be able to control such events through predictive actions  which could lead to interruptions in business. Risks of this type are insured in order to guarantee the continuity of operations. As Suominen has valid property damage and business interruption insurances  it is expected that the damage would be compensated  and the financial losses caused by the interruption of business would be covered.Suominen uses certain technologies in its production. In the management’s view  the chosen technologies are competitive and there is no need to make major investments in new technologies. However  it cannot be excluded that the company’s technology choices could prove wrong  and the development of new or substitute technologies would then require investments.CompetitionSuominen has numerous regional  national and global competitors in its different product groups. Products based on new technologies and imports from countries of lower production costs may reduce Suominen’s competitive edge. If Suominen is not able to compete with an attractive product offering  it may lose some of its market share. Competition may lead to increased pricing pressure on the company’s products.Price and availability of raw materialsSuominen purchases significant amounts of pulp- and oil-based raw materials. Raw materials are the largest cost item for operations. Changes in the global market prices of raw materials can have an impact on the company’s profitability. Suominen’s stocks equal two to four weeks’ consumption and it generally takes two to five months for raw material price changes to be reflected in Suominen’s customer pricing either through automatic pricing mechanisms or negotiated price changes.Extended interruptions in the supply of Suominen’s main raw materials could disrupt production and have a negative impact on the Group’s overall business operations. As Suominen sources most of its raw materials from a number of major international suppliers  significant interruptions in the production of the majority of Suominen’s products are unlikely.Price and availability of energyEnergy costs represent a significant portion of Suominen's production costs. Suominen consumes mainly electricity and gas. Higher prices as well as reduced availability of energy could have an impact on Suominen's profitability through increased production costs.Market and customer risksSuominen’s customer base is fairly concentrated  which increases the potential impact of changes in customer specific sales volumes. In 2024  the Group’s ten largest customers accounted for 69.4% (69.9%) of the Group’s net sales. Long-term contracts are preferred with the largest customers. In practice  the customer relationships are long-term and last for several years. Customer-related credit risks are managed in accordance with a credit policy approved by the Board of Directors. Credit limits are confirmed for customers on the basis of credit ratings and customer history.The demand for Suominen’s products depends on possible changes in consumer preferences. Historically  such changes have had mainly a positive impact on Suominen  as they have resulted in the growing demand for products made of nonwovens. However  certain factors  including consumers’ attitude towards the use of products made even partially of oil-based raw materials  or their perception on the sustainability of disposable products in general  might change the consumers’ buying habits. Suominen monitors the consumer trends proactively and develops its product offering accordingly. The company has had biodegradable  100% plant-based nonwovens in its portfolio for over 15 years and hence is well positioned to respond to changes in customer preferences related to sustainability and climate change.Generally  the demand for nonwovens for wipes has been resilient to changing economic conditions. However  it is conceivable that high consumer price inflation could lead to decline in end consumer demand for wiping products as the consumers’ available income effectively decreases.Regarding the war in Ukraine  the direct impact to Suominen’s business is minor as we have no customers nor suppliers in Russia  Belarus or Ukraine. Suominen is mostly affected by the indirect economic impacts of the war.The instabilities different parts of the world continue to cause general uncertainty.Changes in legislation  political environment  or economic conditionsSuominen’s business and products can be affected directly or indirectly by political decisions and changes in government regulations for example in areas such as environmental policy or waste legislation. An example of such legislation is the EU's Single-Use Plastics Directive that focuses on reducing marine litter. The potential exists for similar regulations to expand worldwide. This creates demand for more sustainable products  and Suominen is well placed to respond to this increasing demand.Global political developments could have an adverse effect on Suominen. For instance  a political decision that constrains the global free trade may significantly impact the availability and price of certain raw materials  which would in turn affect Suominen’s business and profitability. Suominen’s geographical and customer-industry diversity provide partial protection against this risk.The relevance of the United States in Suominen’s business operations increases the significance of the exchange rate risk related to USD in the Group’s total foreign exchange position. Suominen manages its foreign exchange position in accordance with its hedging policy.The risks that are characteristic to South American region  including significant changes in political environment or exchange rates  could have an impact on Suominen’s operations in Brazil.InvestmentsSuominen continuously invests in its manufacturing facilities. The deployment of the investments may delay from what was planned  the costs of the investments may increase from what has been expected or the investments may create less business benefits than anticipated. The deployment phase of investments may cause temporary interruptions in operations.Cyber and information securitySuominen’s operations are dependent on the integrity  security and stable operation of its information and communication systems and software as well as on the successful management of cyber-attack risks. If Suominen’s information and communication systems and software were to become unusable or significantly impaired for an extended period of time  or the cyber-attack risks are realized  Suominen’s reputation as well as ability to deliver products at the appointed time  order raw materials and handle inventory could be adversely impacted.Financial risksThe Group is exposed to several financial risks  such as foreign exchange  interest rate  counterparty  liquidity and credit risks. The Group’s financial risks are managed in line with a policy confirmed by the Board of Directors. The financial risks are described in the Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.Suominen is subject to corporate income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required to determine the total amount of corporate income tax at Group level. There are many transactions and calculations that leave room for uncertainty as to the final amount of the income taxes. Tax risks relate also to changes in tax rates or tax legislation or misinterpretations  and materialization of the risks could result in increased payments or sanctions by the tax authorities  which in turn could lead to financial loss. Deferred tax assets included in the statement of financial position require that the deferred tax assets can be recovered against the future taxable income.Suominen performs goodwill impairment testing annually. In impairment testing the recoverable amounts are determined as the value in use  which comprises of the discounted projected future cash flows. Actual cash flows can differ from the discounted projected future cash flows. Uncertainties related to the projected future cash flows include  among others  the long economic useful life of the assets and changes in the forecast sales prices of Suominen’s products  production costs as well as discount rates used in testing. Due to the uncertainty inherent in the future  it is possible that Suominen’s recoverable amounts will be insufficient to cover the carrying amounts of assets  particularly goodwill. If this happens  it will be necessary to recognize an impairment loss  which  when implemented  will weaken the result and equity. Goodwill impairment testing has been described in the consolidated financial statements.BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTSuominen’s nonwovens are  for the most part  used in daily consumer goods  such as wipes as well as in hygiene and medical products. In these target markets of Suominen  the general economic situation determines the development of consumer demand  even though the demand for consumer goods is not very cyclical in nature. North America and Europe are the largest market areas for Suominen. In addition  the company operates in the South American markets. The growth in the demand for nonwovens has typically exceeded the growth of gross domestic product by a couple of percentage points.We follow closely market development and signals from our customers  but the overall global economic uncertainty and fierce competition continue to make the longer-term visibility challenging. It remains to be seen how the current economic climate impacts the end consumer demand and consumer preferences regarding wipes. Historically  the wipes market has been rather steady despite the general economic situation.Instabilities in the Middle East  the war in Ukraine and other geopolitical tensions continue to generate uncertainty globally. Possible impacts to Suominen as a company are expected to be mainly indirect. However  possible effects on raw material and logistic costs would impact Suominen directly. We continue to monitor the situations.OUTLOOKSuominen expects that its comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) in 2025 will improve from 2024. In 2024  Suominen’s comparable EBITDA was EUR 17.0 million.PROPOSAL ON DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDSThe profit of the financial year 2024 of Suominen Corporation  the parent company of Suominen Group  was EUR 8 226 169.47. The funds distributable as dividends  including the profit for the period  were EUR 18 795 433 and total distributable funds were EUR 94 487 769.The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend shall be distributed for the financial year 2024 and that the profit shall be transferred to retained earnings.DISCLOSURE OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT  REMUNERATION REPORT  THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE REPORT BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSSuominen will publish its Financial Statements  Report by the Board of Directors  Auditor’s Report  Sustainability Assurance Report  Corporate Governance Statement and Remuneration Report  concerning the financial year 2024  as part of the Annual Report during the week commencing March 31  2025. The above documents will be published as a Stock Exchange Release and they will be available also at www.suominen.fi.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2025The Annual General Meeting of Suominen Corporation is planned to be held on April 25  2025. The Board of Directors will convene the Annual General Meeting by issuing a Notice to the Annual General Meeting as a Stock Exchange Release. The notice to the Annual General Meeting will also be published at www.suominen.fi.EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIODCommencement of a new plan period in the share-based long-term incentive plan for management and key employeesSuominen announced on January 27  2025  that the Board of Directors of Suominen Corporation has decided on the commencement of a new long-term incentive plan period covering the years 2025–2027 for management and key employees.The purpose of the plan is to align the interests of the company’s shareholders and key employees to increase the company’s value in the long-term  to commit key employees to implement the company's strategy  objectives and long-term interest  and to reward them for high performance.The performance criteria of the performance period 2025–2027 are tied to Absolute Total Shareholder Return (weight 40%) covering the years 2025–2027  Relative Total Shareholder Return (weight 40%) covering the years 2025–2027  and operative performance and sustainability goal (weight 20%) covering the year 2025 and measuring the company’s target to improve its raw material efficiency. The potential rewards from the plan will be paid after the end of the performance period.The value of the rewards to be paid on the basis of the plan corresponds to a maximum total of 1 375 431 shares of Suominen  including also the proportion to be paid in cash. The target group in the performance period 2025–2027 consists of 28 key employees  including the President & CEO and other members of the Executive Management Team.The potential reward will be paid partly in Suominen’s shares and partly in cash. The cash proportion of the reward is intended to cover taxes and statutory social security contributions arising from the reward to the key employee. As a rule  no reward will be paid if the key employee’s employment or director contract terminates before the reward payment.The Executive Management Team member must hold 50% of the received shares until the value of the Executive Management Team member’s total shareholding in Suominen equals to 50% of the member’s annual gross salary for the calendar year preceding the payment of the reward. Respectively  the President & CEO must hold 50% of the received shares until the value of the President & CEO’s total shareholding in Suominen equals to the value of the President & CEO’s annual gross salary for the calendar year preceding the payment of the reward. Such number of Suominen shares must be held as long as the membership in the Executive Management Team or the position as the President & CEO continues.Darryl Fournier appointed as the COO of SuominenSuominen announced on January 27  2025  that Darryl Fournier has been appointed as the Chief Operating Officer at Suominen. He became a member of Suominen's Executive Management Team and reports to President & CEO Tommi Björnman. Fournier started in his new position on February 10  2025.Proposals of the nomination board to the AGM 2025The Shareholders' Nomination Board of Suominen Corporation proposes to the Annual General Meeting 2025 that the number of Board members will be increased from six to seven.The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Andreas Ahlström  Björn Borgman  Charles Héaulmé  Nina Linander and Laura Remes would be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and that Gail Ciccione and Maija Joutsenkoski would be elected as new members of the Board of Directors.Out of the current Board members  Aaron Barsness  has informed that he is not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Gail Ciccione (b. 1960  BBA  U.S. citizen) is currently the business owner of Trinity Operations Partner  LLC. Prior to that  she has held a number of executive positions at Laborie Medical Technologies  Becton Dickinson and Kimberly-Clark.Maija Joutsenkoski (b. 1981  M.Sc. (Technology)  Finnish citizen) currently works as an Investment Director at A. Ahlström Corporation. Prior to that  she has held a number of executive and other positions at CapMan Buyout  UPM  Nordic Capital and Goldman Sachs.All candidates have given their consent to the election. All candidates are independent of the company. All candidates are independent of the company’s significant shareholders  with the exceptions of Andreas Ahlström and Maija Joutsenkoski. The largest shareholder of Suominen Corporation  Ahlstrom Capital B.V.  is part of the A. Ahlström Group. Andreas Ahlström acts currently as the CEO of Ahlström Invest B.V.  which is an associated company of A. Ahlström Group. Maija Joutsenkoski acts as the Investment Director at A. Ahlström Corporation  which is the parent company of Ahlstrom Capital B.V.The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Charles Héaulmé would be re-elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.With regard to the election procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. In preparing its proposals the Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual board member candidates possess the required competences  has determined that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole has the best possible expertise for the company and that the composition of the Board of Directors meets the other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.Proposal on the Board remunerationThe Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the Board of Directors remains unchanged and would be as follows: the Chair would be paid an annual fee of EUR 74 000  the Deputy Chair an annual fee of EUR 45 000 and other Board members an annual fee of EUR 35 000. The Nomination Board also proposes that the additional fee paid to the Chair of the Audit Committee would remain unchanged and be EUR 10 000.Further  the Nomination Board proposes that the fees payable for each Board and Committee meeting would remain unchanged and be as follows: EUR 500 for each meeting held in the home country of the respective member  EUR 1 000 for each meeting held elsewhere than in the home country of the respective member and EUR 500 for each meeting attended by telephone or other electronic means. No fee is paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.75% of the annual fees is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares. The shares will be transferred out of the own shares held by the company by the decision of the Board of Directors within two weeks from the date on which the interim report of January–March 2025 of the company is published.Compensation for expenses will be paid in accordance with the company's valid travel policy.THE NEXT FINANCIAL REPORTSuominen Corporation will publish its Interim Report for January–March 2025 on Wednesday  May 7  2025.ANALYST AND NEWS CONFERENCETommi Björnman  President & CEO  and Janne Silonsaari  CFO  will present the result in English in an audiocast and a conference call for analyst  investors  and media on the same day at 11:00 a.m. (EET). The audiocast can be followed https://suominen.videosync.fi/q4-2024/register. The recording of the audiocast and the presentation material will be available after the event at www.suominen.fi.Conference call participants can access the teleconference by registering at https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=50051443. The phone numbers and a conference ID to access the conference will be provided after the registration.SUOMINEN GROUP JANUARY 1 – DECEMBER 31  2024The consolidated financial statements of Suominen have been audited. The Auditor’s report has been signed on March 4  2025. Quarterly information  half-year report and interim reports have not been audited.As result of rounding differences  the figures presented in the tables do not necessarily add up to total.ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLESThe consolidated financial statements of Suominen Group are prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards  including International Accounting Standards (IAS) and Interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (SIC and IFRIC). IFRS Accounting Standards are standards and their interpretations adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council. The Notes to the Financial Statements are also in accordance with the Finnish Accounting Act and Ordinance and the Finnish Companies' Act.This financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles defined in IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting as approved by the European Union. Financial statement release does not include all information required for full financial statements.The principles for preparing consolidated financial statements are mainly the same as those used for preparing the consolidated financial statements for 2023. The new or amended standard  annual improvements  or interpretations applicable from January 1  2024  are presented below.New or amended standard  annual improvements or interpretations applicable from January 1  2024:- Amendments to IAS 1 – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  applicable from January 1  2024. The amendment specified the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current  by clarifying for example what is meant by a right to defer settlement  that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period and that classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise its deferral right.A company classifies a liability as non-current if it has a right to defer settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting date. The right may be subject to the company complying with conditions (covenants) specified in a loan arrangement. Only covenants that the company must comply with on or before the reporting date are relevant to the classification analysis.The amendment were to be applied retrospectively and they had no effect on the consolidated financial statements of Suominen.Other new or amended accounting standards  improvements or annual improvements applicable from January 1  2024  or later were not material for Suominen Group.New and amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations published but mandatory from January 1  2025  or later:- Lack of Exchangeability  Amendments to IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates  applicable from January 1  2025. The amendments specify how an entity should assess whether a currency is exchangeable to another currency and how it should determine a spot exchange rate when exchangeability is lacking. As Suominen conducts business only in currencies which are exchangeable  the amendments have no effect on Suominen.- Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments  Amendments to IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures  applicable from January 1  2026. The new requirements will be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained earnings.The amendments clarify the derecognition of financial liabilities  how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets that include ESG-linked or similar contingent features and the treatment of non-recourse assets and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also introduce an accounting policy option to derecognize financial liabilities that are settled through an electronic payment system before settlement date if certain conditions are met.The amendments require additional disclosures for financial assets and liabilities with contractual terms that reference a contingent event  including those that are ESG-linked  and equity instruments classified as fair value through other comprehensive income.The amendments have no material effect on the notes of equity instruments classified as fair value through other comprehensive income. Suominen's revolving credit facility includes ESG-linked conditions  so the amendment of the accounting standard increases the disclosure information of interest-bearing liabilities.Otherwise  the amendments have no material effect on Suominen.- IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements  applicable from January 1  2027. Also the consequential amendments to other IFRS Accounting Standards due to application of IFRS 18 are effective from January 1  2027. The standard will be applied retrospectively.The standard will introduce new categories and subtotals in the statement of profit or loss. It also requires disclosure of management-defined performance measures (MPM) in the financial statements and includes new requirements for the location  aggregation and disaggregation of financial information. IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 Presentation in Financial Statements.In accordance with the new standard  an entity is required to classify all income and expenses in the statement of profit or loss into one of five categories: operating  investing  financing  income taxes and discontinued operations. IFRS 18 also requires an entity to present in its statement of profit or loss subtotals and totals for operating profit or loss  profit or loss before financing and income taxes and profit or loss.IFRS 18 introduces the concept of management-defined performance measures (MPM) which it defines as a subtotal of income and expenses that an entity uses in public communications outside financial statements in order to communicate the management's view of the financial performance of the entity. IFRS 18 requires disclosure of information about all the entity's MPMs in a single note to the financial statements and requires several disclosures to be made of each MPM  including the calculation of the MPM as well as reconciliation to the most comparable subtotal specified by IFRS accounting standards.IFRS 18 also differentiates between presenting information in the primary financial statements and disclosing it in the notes and introduces a principle for determining the location of information based on identified roles of the primary financial statements and the notes. The standard requires aggregation and disaggregation of information to be performed with reference to similar and dissimilar characteristics. There is also new guidance for determining meaningful descriptions or labels for items that are aggregated in the financial statements.The application of IFRS 18 will also amend IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows. The standard amends the starting point of determining cash flows from operations under the indirect method to operating profit or loss. The optionality around classification of cash flows from dividends and interests in the statement of cash flows has also largely been removed.There are also some consequential changes to other IFRS Accounting Standards  of which the most material to Suominen is the amendment of IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting  which will require disclosure of MPMs also in the interim reports.The evaluation of the new standard and the consequential changes to existing standards on Suominen's statement of profit or loss  statement of cash flows and notes is on-going. Although Suominen is currently presenting the operating profit or loss subtotal in its statement of profit or loss  the classification of income and expenses in this category might not be the same as currently. This would also result into a change in items classified in cash flow from operations in the statement of cash flows.Other new or amended standards  improvements or annual improvements applicable from January 1  2025  or later are not material for Suominen Group.STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITIONEUR thousand 31.12.2024 31.12.2023 Assets Non-current assets Goodwill 15 496 15 496 Intangible assets 2 754 6 084 Property  plant and equipment 120 356 112 727 Right-of-use assets 11 003 11 109 Equity instruments 421 421 Other non-current receivables 158 83 Deferred tax assets 2 269 2 048 Total non-current assets 152 457 147 967 Current assets Inventories 47 470 37 914 Trade receivables 62 477 62 325 Other current receivables 6 119 7 345 Assets for current tax 514 2 128 Cash and cash equivalents 41 340 58 755 Total current assets 157 919 168 467 Total assets 310 376 316 434 Equity and liabilities Equity Share capital 11 860 11 860 Share premium account 24 681 24 681 Reserve for invested unrestricted equity 75 692 75 692 Fair value and other reserves 436 316 Exchange differences 3 312 111 Retained earnings 1 626 12 251 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 117 608 124 912 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities 7 990 9 362 Liabilities from defined benefit plans 189 179 Non-current provisions 588 564 Non-current lease liabilities 9 277 9 711 Debentures 49 606 49 449 Total non-current liabilities 67 650 69 265 Current liabilities Current provisions 178 3 870 Current lease liabilities 2 877 3 117 Other current interest-bearing liabilities 40 000 40 000 Liabilities for current tax 214 148 Trade payables and other current liabilities 81 849 75 122 Total current liabilities 125 118 122 257 Total liabilities 192 768 191 522 Total equity and liabilities 310 376 316 434STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSSEUR thousand 10-12/2024 10-12/2023 1-12/2024 1-12/2023 Net sales 118 510 114 938 462 318 450 851 Cost of goods sold -110 979 -106 491 -432 589 -428 122 Gross profit 7 531 8 447 29 729 22 729 Other operating income 2 209 527 4 952 4 802 Sales  marketing and administration expenses -8 050 -7 379 -32 068 -28 497 Research and development expenses -763 -855 -4 023 -3 851 Other operating expenses -58 -81 152 -2 700 Operating profit 869 658 -1 257 -7 517 Net financial expenses -275 -2 005 -4 086 -5 987 Profit before income taxes 595 -1 347 -5 343 -13 504 Income taxes 250 -80 53 719 Profit for the period 845 -1 426 -5 290 -12 786 Earnings per share  EUR Basic 0.01 -0.02 -0.09 -0.22 Diluted 0.01 -0.02 -0.09 -0.22STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEEUR thousand 10-12/2024 10-12/2023 1-12/2024 1-12/2023 Profit for the period 845 -1 426 -5 290 -12 786 Other comprehensive income: Other comprehensive income that will be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss Exchange differences 6 734 -4 631 3 949 -2 991 Income taxes related to other comprehensive income -902 506 -749 424 Total 5 832 -4 124 3 201 -2 567 Other comprehensive income that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurements of defined benefit plans -11 -5 -11 -22 Total -11 -5 -11 -22 Total other comprehensive income 5 821 -4 129 3 190 -2 589 Total comprehensive income for the period 6 666 -5 556 -2 100 -15 375STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITYEUR thousand Share capital Share premium account Reserve for invested unrestricted equity Exchange differences Equity 1.1.2024 11 860 24 681 75 692 111 Profit for the period − − − − Other comprehensive income − − − 3 201 Total comprehensive income − − − 3 201 Distribution of dividend − − − − Share-based payments − − − − Conveyance of treasury shares − − − − Transfers − − − − Equity 31.12.2024 11 860 24 681 75 692 3 312EUR thousand Fair value and other reserves Retained earnings Total equity attributable to owners of the parent Equity 1.1.2024 316 12 251 124 912 Profit for the period − -5 290 -5 290 Other comprehensive income − -11 3 190 Total comprehensive income − -5 301 -2 100 Distribution of dividend − -5 769 -5 769 Share-based payments − 511 511 Conveyance of treasury shares − 54 54 Transfers 120 -120 − Equity 31.12.2024 436 1 626 117 608EUR thousand Share capital Share premium account Reserve for invested unrestricted equity Exchange differences Equity 1.1.2023 11 860 24 681 75 692 2 678 Profit for the period − − − − Other comprehensive income − − − -2 567 Total comprehensive income − − − -2 567 Distribution of dividend − − − − Share-based payments − − − − Conveyance of treasury shares − − − − Transfers − − − − Equity 31.12.2023 11 860 24 681 75 692 111EUR thousand Fair value and other reserves Retained earnings Total equity attributable to owners of the parent Equity 1.1.2023 265 30 740 145 916 Profit for the period − -12 786 -12 786 Other comprehensive income − -22 -2 589 Total comprehensive income − -12 808 -15 375 Distribution of dividend − -5 767 -5 767 Share-based payments − 88 88 Conveyance of treasury shares − 49 49 Transfers 51 -51 − Equity 31.12.2023 316 12 251 124 912STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWSEUR thousand 1-12/2024 1-12/2023 Cash flow from operations Profit for the period -5 290 -12 786 Total adjustments to profit for the period 21 244 26 612 Cash flow before changes in net working capital 15 954 13 826 Change in net working capital -5 931 25 703 Financial items -4 975 -4 954 Income taxes -1 191 -3 851 Cash flow from operations 3 857 30 724 Cash flow from investments Investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets -14 391 -11 062 Sales proceeds from property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 114 36 Cash flow from investments -14 277 -11 027 Cash flow from financing Drawdown of current interest-bearing liabilities 160 000 240 000 Repayment of current interest-bearing liabilities -163 312 -243 271 Dividends paid -5 769 -5 767 Cash flow from financing -9 081 -9 038 Change in cash and cash equivalents -19 501 10 659 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 58 755 49 508 Effect of changes in exchange rates 2 086 -1 412 Change in cash and cash equivalents -19 501 10 659 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 41 340 58 755KEY RATIOS10-12/2024 10-12/2023 1-12/2024 1-12/2023 Change in net sales  % * 3.1 -13.6 2.5 -8.6 Gross profit  as percentage of net sales  % 6.4 7.3 6.4 5.0 Comparable EBITDA  as percentage of net sales  % 3.6 4.6 3.7 3.5 EBITDA  as percentage of net sales  % 4.5 4.6 3.7 2.5 Comparable operating profit  as percentage of net sales  % -0.2 0.6 -0.3 -0.6 Operating profit  as percentage of net sales  % 0.7 0.6 -0.3 -1.7 Net financial items  as percentage of net sales  % -0.2 -1.7 -0.9 -1.3 Profit before income taxes  as percentage of net sales  % 0.5 -1.2 -1.2 -3.0 Profit for the period  as percentage of net sales  % 0.7 -1.2 -1.1 -2.8 Gross capital expenditure  EUR thousand 7 181 2 368 16 004 11 223 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses  EUR thousand 4 496 4 605 18 431 18 680 Return on equity  rolling 12 months  % − − -4.4 -9.6 Return on invested capital  rolling 12 months  % − − -0.7 -4.1 Equity ratio  % − − 37.9 39.5 Gearing  % − − 51.7 35.3 Average number of personnel (FTE - full time equivalent) − − 689 682 Earnings per share  EUR  basic 0.01 -0.02 -0.09 -0.22 Earnings per share  EUR  diluted 0.01 -0.02 -0.09 -0.22 Cash flow from operations per share  EUR 0.11 0.23 0.07 0.53 Equity per share  EUR − − 2.04 2.17 Dividend per share  EUR ** − − 0.00 0.10 Price per earnings per share (P/E) ratio − − -24.87 -12.85 Dividend payout ratio  % − − N/A -45.1 Dividend yield  % − − N/A 3.51 Number of shares  end of period  excluding treasury shares − − 57 727 103 57 692 459 Share price  end of period  EUR − − 2.28 2.85 Share price  period low  EUR − − 1.96 2.48 Share price  period high  EUR − − 2.93 3.48 Volume weighted average price during the period  EUR − − 2.53 2.85 Market capitalization  EUR million − − 131.6 164.4 Number of traded shares during the period − − 951 426 2 743 668 Number of traded shares during the period  % of average number of shares − − 1.7 4.8* Compared with the corresponding period in the previous year.** 2024 Proposal of the Board31.12.2024 31.12.2023 Interest-bearing net debt  EUR thousands Non-current interest-bearing liabilities  nominal value 59 277 59 711 Current interest-bearing liabilities  nominal value 42 877 43 117 Cash and cash equivalents -41 340 -58 755 Interest-bearing net debt 60 815 44 074CALCULATION OF KEY RATIOSKey ratios per shareKey ratios per share are either IFRS key ratios (earnings per share) or required by Ordinance of the Ministry of Finance in Finland or alternative performance measures (cash flow from operations per share).Earnings per shareBasic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net result attributable to owners of the parent by the weighted share-issue adjusted average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period  excluding shares acquired by the Group and held as treasury shares.When calculating diluted earnings per share the number of shares is adjusted with the effects of the share-based incentive plans.EUR thousand 31.12.2024 31.12.2023 Profit for the period -5 290 -12 786 Average share-issue adjusted number of shares 57 713 587 57 656 044 Average diluted share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares 57 878 570 57 738 524 Earnings per share EUR Basic -0.09 -0.22 Diluted -0.09 -0.22Cash flow from operations per shareCash flow from operations per shareCash flow from operations = Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of reporting period2024 2023 Cash flow from operations  EUR thousand 3 857 30 724 Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of the reporting period 57 727 103 57 692 459 Cash flow from operations per share  EUR 0.07 0.53Equity per shareEquity per shareTotal equity attributable to owners of the parent = Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of reporting period2024 2023 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent  EUR thousand 117 608 124 912 Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of the reporting period 57 727 103 57 692 459 Equity per share  EUR 2.04 2.17Dividend payout ratio  %Dividend payout ratio  %Dividend per share x 100 = Basic earnings per share2024 2023 Dividend per share x 100 0.00 10.00 Basic earnings per share  EUR -0 09 -0.22 Dividend payout ratio  % N/A -45.1Dividend yield  %Dividend yield  %= Dividend per share x 100 Share price at end of the period2024 2023 Dividend per share x 100 0.00 10.00 Share price at end of the period  EUR 2 28 2.85 Dividend yield  % N/A 3.51Price per earnings per share (P/E)Price per earnings per share (P/E)Share price at end of the period = Basic earnings per share2024 2023 Share price at end of the period  EUR 2.28 2.85 Basic earnings per share  EUR -0 09 -0.22 Price per earnings per share (P/E) -24.87 -12.85Market capitalizationMarket capitalization = Number of shares at the end of reporting period excluding treasury shares x share price at the end of period2024 2023 Number of shares at the end of reporting period excluding treasury shares 57 727 103 57 692 459 Share price at end of the period  EUR 2.28 2.85 Market capitalization  EUR million 131.6 164.4Share turnoverShare turnover = The proportion of number of shares traded during the period to weighted average number of shares excluding treasury shares2024 2023 Number of shares traded during the period 951 426 2 743 668 Average number of shares excluding treasury shares 57 713 587 57 656 044 Share turnover  % 1.7 4.8Alternative performance measuresSome of Suominen's key ratios are alternative performance measures. An alternative performance measure is a key ratio which has not been defined in IFRS standards. Suominen believes that the use of alternative performance measures provides useful information for example to investors regarding the Group's financial and operating performance and makes it easier to make comparison between the reporting periods.Operating profit and comparable operating profitOperating profit  or earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) is an important measure of profitability as by ignoring income taxes and financial items it focuses solely on the company's ability to generate profit from operations. Operating profit is presented as a separate line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.In order to improve the comparability of result between reporting periods  Suominen presents comparable operating profit as an alternative performance measure. Operating profit is adjusted with material items that are considered to affect comparability between reporting periods. These items include  among others  impairment losses or reversals of impairment losses  gains or losses from the sales of property  plant and equipment or intangible assets or other assets and restructuring costs. In 2024 and 2023  the items affecting comparability of result were items arising from the closure of the production lines in Italy  and in 2024 also items arising from the restructuring program initiated in May.Operating profit (EBIT) = Profit before income taxes + net financial expenses Comparable operating profit (EBIT) = Profit before income taxes + net financial expenses  adjusted with items affecting comparability EUR thousand 2024 2023 Operating profit -1 257 -7 517 + Dismissal costs affecting comparability 1 605 2 207 + Restoration costs affecting comparability / reversals of restoration provisions -1 435 2 344 + Other costs affecting comparability 4 116 + Other operating income  affecting comparability -305 − + Impairment losses of property  plant and equipment  affecting comparability of result − 8 + Impairment losses of right-of-use assets  affecting comparability of result 3 108 + Impairment losses of inventories and reversals of the impairment losses  affecting comparability of result -41 -16 Comparable operating profit -1 426 -2 750EBITDA and comparable EBITDAEBITDA is an important measure that focuses on the operating performance excluding the effect of depreciation and amortization  financial items and income taxes  in other words what is the margin on net sales after deducting operating expenses.EBITDA = EBIT + depreciation  amortization and impairment lossesComparable EBITDA = EBIT + depreciation  amortization and impairment losses  adjusted with items affecting comparabilityEUR thousand 2024 2023 Operating profit -1 257 -7 517 + Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 18 431 18 680 EBITDA 17 174 11 163 EBITDA 17 174 11 163 + Dismissal costs affecting comparability 1 605 2 207 + Restoration costs affecting comparability / reversals of restoration provisions -1 435 2 344 + Other costs affecting comparability 4 116 + Other operating income  affecting comparability -305 − + Impairment losses of inventories and reversals of the impairment losses  affecting comparability of result -41 -16 Comparable EBITDA 17 001 15 813Gross capital expenditureSuominen considers gross capital expenditure as a relevant measure in order to understand for example how the Group maintains and renews its production machinery and facilities. Gross capital expenditure includes also capitalized borrowing costs and capitalized cash flow hedges. Gross capital expenditure (gross investments) does not include increases in right-of-use assets.EUR thousand 2024 2023 Increases in intangible assets 109 169 Increases in property  plant and equipment 15 895 11 054 Gross capital expenditure 16 004 11 223Interest-bearing net debtSuominen considers interest-bearing net debt to be an important measure for investors to be able to understand the Group’s indebtedness. It is the opinion of Suominen that presenting interest-bearing liabilities not only at amortized cost but also at nominal value gives relevant additional information to the investors.Interest-bearing net debt = Interest-bearing liabilities at nominal value - interest-bearing receivables - cash and cash equivalentsEUR thousand 2024 2023 Interest-bearing liabilities 101 760 102 278 Tender and issuance costs of the debentures 394 551 Cash and cash equivalents -41 340 -58 755 Interest-bearing net debt 60 815 44 074 Interest-bearing liabilities 101 760 102 278 Tender and issuance costs of the debentures 394 551 Nominal value of interest-bearing liabilities 102 154 102 828Return on equity (ROE)  %The return on equity is one of the most important profitability ratios used by owners and investors. The ratio measures the ability of a company to generate profits from its shareholders' investments in the company and it defines the yield on the company's equity during the reporting period.Return on equity (ROE)  %=Profit for the reporting period (rolling 12 months) x 100 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent (quarterly average)EUR thousand 2024 2023 Profit for the reporting period (rolling 12 months) -5 290 -12 786 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent December 31  2023 / 2022 124 912 145 916 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent March 31  2024 / 2023 126 045 140 131 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent June 30  2024 / 2023 118 081 127 236 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent September 30  2024 / 2023 110 781 130 283 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent December 31  2024 / 2023 117 608 124 912 Average 119 485 133 695 Return on equity (ROE)  % -4.4 -9.6Invested capitalInvested capital = Total equity + interest-bearing liabilities - cash and cash equivalentsEUR thousand 2024 2023 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 117 608 124 912 Interest-bearing liabilities 101 760 102 278 Cash and cash equivalents -41 340 -58 755 Invested capital 178 028 168 435Return on invested capital (ROI)  %Return on invested capital is one of the most important key ratios. It measures the relative profitability of the company  i.e. the yield on the capital invested in the company.Return on invested capital (ROI)  %=Operating profit (rolling 12 months) x 100 Invested capital  quarterly averageEUR thousand 2024 2023 Operating profit (rolling 12 months) -1 257 -7 517 Invested capital December 31  2023 / 2022 168 435 199 773 Invested capital March 31  2024 / 2023 174 706 194 290 Invested capital June 30  2024 / 2023 174 218 182 005 Invested capital September 30  2024 / 2023 173 650 181 914 Invested capital December 31  2024 / 2023 178 028 168 435 Average 173 807 185 283 Return on invested capital (ROI)  % -0.7 -4.1Equity ratio  %Equity ratio is an important key ratio as it measures the solidity of the company  the company's tolerance for losses and ability to cover its long-term commitments. The performance measure shows how much of the company's assets are financed with equity. The equity creates a buffer against potential losses  and equity ratio represents the level of this buffer.Equity ratio  %=Total equity attributable to owners of the parent x 100 Total assets - advances receivedEUR thousand 2024 2023 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 117 608 124 912 Total assets 310 376 316 434 Advances received -31 -104 310 345 316 330 Equity ratio  % 37.9 39.5Gearing  %Gearing represents the ratio between the equity invested by the owners of the company and the interest-bearing liabilities borrowed from financiers. Gearing is an important performance measure in assessing the financial position of a company. A high gearing is a risk factor which might limit the possibilities for growth of a company and narrow its financial freedom.Gearing  %=Interest-bearing net debt x 100 Total equity attributable to owners of the parentEUR thousand 2024 2023 Interest-bearing net debt 60 815 44 074 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 117 608 124 912 Gearing  % 51.7 35.3NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHICAL MARKET AREAEUR thousand 1-12/2024 1-12/2023 Finland 3 619 3 240 Rest of Europe 159 639 155 759 North and South America 297 628 291 108 Rest of the world 1 432 743 Total 462 318 450 851QUARTERLY DEVELOPMENT2024 2023 EUR thousand 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 Net sales 118 510 111 553 118 668 113 587 114 938 106 447 112 673 116 793 Comparable EBITDA 4 231 3 305 4 982 4 484 5 275 5 200 2 690 2 648 as % of net sales 3.6 3.0 4.2 3.9 4.6 4.9 2.4 2.3 Items affecting comparability 1 135 72 -1 224 190 -11 -26 -4 613 − EBITDA 5 365 3 377 3 758 4 673 5 263 5 174 -1 922 2 648 as % of net sales 4.5 3.0 3.2 4.1 4.6 4.9 -1.7 2.3 Comparable operating profit -265 -1 481 408 -88 670 666 -2 102 -1 985 as % of net sales -0.2 -1.3 0.3 -0.1 0.6 0.6 -1.9 -1.7 Items affecting comparability 1 135 72 -1 224 186 -11 -26 -4 621 -108 Operating profit 869 -1 409 -816 99 658 640 -6 722 -2 093 as % of net sales 0.7 -1.3 -0.7 0.1 0.6 0.6 -6.0 -1.8 Net financial items -275 -1 926 -1 095 -790 -2 005 -1 152 -1 293 -1 537 Profit before income taxes 595 -3 335 -1 911 -691 -1 347 -512 -8 016 -3 630 as % of net sales 0.5 -3.0 -1.6 -0.6 -1.2 -0.5 -7.1 -3.1QUARTERLY SALES BY BUSINESS AREA2024 2023 EUR thousand 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 Americas 72 659 69 523 75 694 70 030 72 336 70 865 69 770 75 044 EMEA 45 829 42 065 42 977 43 549 42 635 35 553 42 896 41 756 Unallocated exchange differences and eliminations 22 -35 -3 8 -33 29 7 -8 Total 118 510 111 553 118 668 113 587 114 938 106 447 112 673 116 793INFORMATION ON RELATED PARTIESSuominen Group's related parties include the parent of the Group (Suominen Corporation) and subsidiaries. In addition  the related parties of Suominen include the members of the Board of Directors  President & CEO and the members of the Executive Team as well as their family members and their controlled companies. In addition  shareholders who have a significant influence in Suominen through share ownership are included in related parties. Suominen has no associated companies.In its transactions with related parties Suominen follows the same commercial terms as in transactions with third parties.Management remunerationThe Annual General Meeting held on April 4  2024  resolved that 25% of the annual remuneration for the Board of Directors is paid in Suominen Corporation’s shares. The number of shares transferred to the members of the Board of Directors as their remuneration payable in shares for 2024 was 25 088 shares. The shares were transferred on May 16  2024  and the value of the transferred shares totaled EUR 67 236.The annual and meeting fees paid to the Board of Directors of Suominen Corporation in 2024 were in total EUR 332 thousand  of which EUR 67 thousand were paid in shares.A part of the CEO’s share-based plan vested  and shares were transferred to the CEO plan in June. The number of the shares transferred was 9 556 shares. The value of the shares and the portion settled in cash was EUR 54 422.Salaries paid or accrued  including fringe benefits  to President & CEO and other members of the Executive Team during January-December 2024 amounted to EUR 1 715 thousand  of which EUR 54 thousand was the value of the vested share-based payments. Obligatory pension payments and accruals were EUR 234 thousand and voluntary pension payments and accruals EUR 53 thousand. The accrual  excluding social costs  based on the non-vested share-based incentive plans in accordance with IFRS standards was EUR 345 thousand for the related parties for the reporting period.Management share ownershipNumber of sharesBoard of Directors 31.12.2024 31.12.2023 Charles Héaulmé  Chair of the Board of Directors from April 4  2024 19 902 − Jaakko Eskola  Chair of the Board of Directors until April 4  2024 − 26 166 Andreas Ahlström  Deputy Chair of the Board 30 989 26 792 Aaron Barsness 8 723 5 459 Björn Borgman 28 166 24 902 Nina Linander 31 828 27 631 Laura Remes 6 220 2 956 Total 125 828 113 906 Total % of shares and votes 0.22% 0.20% Executive Team     Tommi Björnman 39 556 30 000 Jonni Friman − − Markku Koivisto 53 172 53 172 Klaus Korhonen − 52 630 Mimoun Saïm − 92 923 Janne Silonsaari − − Total 92 728 228 725 Total % of shares and votes 0.16% 0.39%THE LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS ON DECEMBER 31  2024Shareholder Number of shares % of shares and votes Ahlström Capital B.V. 14 127 449 24.2% Etola Group Oy 7 414 000 12.7% Oy Etra Invest Ab 7 000 000 12.0% OP Life Assurance Company Ltd 4 580 979 7.9% Nordea Nordic Small Cap Fund 3 494 944 6.0% Mandatum Life Insurance Company 2 882 540 4.9% Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company 1 912 000 3.3% Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company 1 689 751 2.9% Nordea Life Assurance Finland Ltd 1 462 000 2.5% Oy H. Kuningas & Co. AB 1 327 317 2.3% Maijala Investment Oy 1 176 232 2.0% Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ.) 1 037 498 1.8% Laakkosen Arvopaperi Oy 900 000 1.5% Juhani Maijala 794 026 1.4% Pension Insurance Company Elo 689 430 1.2% 15 largest total 50 488 166 86.7% Other shareholders 5 977 136 10.3% Nominee registered 1 261 801 2.2% Treasury shares 532 116 0.9% Total 58 259 219 100.0%CHANGES IN PROPERTY  PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS31.12.2024 31.12.2023 EUR thousand Property  plant and equipment Intangible assets Right-of-use assets Property  plant and equipment Intangible assets Right-of-use assets Carrying amount at the beginning of the period 112 727 6 084 11 109 116 195 9 709 11 902 Capital expenditure and increases 15 895 109 2 580 11 054 169 2 410 Disposals and decreases − − -33 0 − -148 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -12 083 -3 439 -2 909 -12 012 -3 792 -2 876 Exchange differences and other changes 3 817 0 256 -2 510 -2 -180 Carrying amount at the end of the period 120 356 2 754 11 003 112 727 6 084 11 109Intangible assets excluding goodwill.CONTINGENT LIABILITIESEUR thousandGuarantees and other commitments 2024 2023 On own commitments 1 921 2 440 Other own commitments 18 307 16 774 Total 20 228 19 214 Other contingencies Contractual commitments to acquire property  plant and equipment 11 267 1 368 Commitments to leases not yet commenced 274 1 485 Total 11 541 2 853Rental obligations Within one year 86 32 Between 1-5 years 252 39 After 5 years 56 − Total 393 71FINANCIAL ASSETS BY CATEGORYa. Financial assets at amortized cost b. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income c. Carrying amount d. Fair valueClassification EUR thousand a. b. c. d. Equity instruments − 421 421 421 Trade receivables 62 477 − 62 477 62 477 Interest and other financial receivables 246 − 246 246 Cash and cash equivalents 41 340 − 41 340 41 340 Total 31.12.2024 104 063 421 104 484 104 484 EUR thousand a. b. c. d. Equity instruments − 421 421 421 Trade receivables 62 325 − 62 325 62 325 Interest and other financial receivables 201 − 201 201 Cash and cash equivalents 58 755 − 58 755 58 755 Total 31.12.2023 121 281 421 121 702 121 702Principles in estimating fair value for financial assets for 2024 are the same as those used in consolidated financial statements for 2023.CHANGES IN INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIESEUR thousand31.12.2024 31.12.2023 Total interest-bearing liabilities at the beginning of the period 102 278 103 365 Current liabilities at the beginning of the period 43 117 42 855 Repayment of current liabilities  cash flow items -163 312 -243 271 Drawdown of current liabilities  cash flow items 160 000 240 000 Increases in current liabilities  non-cash flow items 630 782 Decreases of current liabilities  non-cash flow items -284 -82 Reclassification from non-current liabilities 2 643 2 878 Exchange rate difference  non-cash flow item 81 -44 Current liabilities at the end of the period 42 877 43 117 Non-current liabilities at the beginning of the period 9 711 11 215 Increases in non-current liabilities  non-cash flow items 1 949 1 629 Decreases of non-current liabilities  non-cash flow items -11 -67 Reclassification to current liabilities -2 643 -2 878 Exchange rate difference  non-cash flow item 272 -188 Non-current liabilities at the end of the period 9 277 9 711 Non-current debentures at the beginning of the period 49 449 49 295 Periodization of debenture to amortized cost  non-cash flow items 157 154 Non-current debentures at the end of the period 49 606 49 449 Total interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the period 101 760 102 278FINANCIAL LIABILITIES31.12.2024 31.12.2023 EUR thousand Carrying amount Fair value Nominal value Carrying amount Fair value Nominal value Non-current financial liabilities Debentures 49 606 45 255 50 000 49 449 42 080 50 000 Lease liabilities 9 277 9 277 9 277 9 711 9 711 9 711 Total non-current financial liabilities 58 883 54 532 59 277 59 160 51 791 59 711 Current financial liabilities Current loans from financial institutions 40 000 40 000 40 000 40 000 40 000 40 000 Lease liabilities 2 877 2 877 2 877 3 117 3 117 3 117 Interest accruals 582 582 582 626 626 626 Other current liabilities 269 269 269 508 508 508 Trade payables 67 654 67 654 67 654 60 343 60 343 60 343 Total current financial liabilities 111 382 111 382 111 382 104 595 104 595 104 595 Total 170 265 165 914 170 659 163 755 156 386 164 306The financial liabilities in the table above are measured at amortized cost.Principles in estimating fair value for financial liabilities for 2024 are the same as those used in consolidated financial statements for 2023.FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT HIERARCHYEUR thousandFair value hierarchy in 2024 Financial assets at fair value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Equity instruments − − 421 Total in 2024 − − 421Fair value hierarchy in 2023 Financial assets at fair value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Equity instruments − − 421 Total in 2023 − − 421Principles in estimating fair value for financial assets for 2024 are the same as those used in consolidated financial statements for 2023.SUOMINEN CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Tommi Björnman  President & CEO  tel. +358 10 214 3018Janne Silonsaari  CFO  tel. +358 50 409 9264Suominen manufactures nonwovens as roll goods for wipes and other applications. Our vision is to be the frontrunner for nonwovens innovation and sustainability. The end products made of Suominen’s nonwovens are present in people’s daily life worldwide. Suominen’s net sales in 2024 were EUR 462.3 million and we have over 700 professionals working in Europe and in the Americas. Suominen’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. Read more at www.suominen.fi.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMain mediawww.suominen.fiAttachment,neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.21,0.4,True,English,"['Financial Statements Release', 'Suominen Corporation', 'Moderate improvement', 'full year', 'comparable EBITDA', 'January', 'December', 'Suominen Corporation Financial Statements Release', 'lower raw material prices', 'new environmentally friendly nonwovens', 'Annual General meeting', 'Tommi Björnman', 'global geopolitical situation', 'last three years', 'full year comparable EBITDA', 'unplanned production downtime', 'lower sales prices', 'stable operational performance', 'higher sales margins', 'two large investments', 'EUR 10 million investment', 'new production line', 'higher sales volumes', 'Comparable operating profit', 'new products', 'Financial year', 'nonwovens market', 'production lines', 'Net sales', 'Cash flow', 'healthy growth', 'export balance', 'sustainable solutions', 'sustainable products', 'base year', 'strong ability', 'market needs', 'first half', 'gradual improvements', 'commercial excellence', 'second half', 'operational issues', 'additional expenses', 'fourth quarter', 'third quarter', 'low-cost countries', 'previous year', 'main contributor', 'third time', 'gold level', 'other textiles', 'South Carolina', 'total value', 'market demand', 'investment project', 'Moderate improvement', 'continuous improvement', 'Key figures', 'comparison period', 'target markets', 'EcoVadis assessment', 'sustainability work', 'Board proposal', 'March', '9:30 a', 'January', 'December', 'operations', 'share', 'Earnings', 'Dividend', 'Return', 'capital', '12 months', 'Gearing', 'Directors', 'brackets', 'October', 'brief', 'Outlook', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'distribution', 'President', 'CEO', 'GDP', 'uncertainty', 'increase', 'wipes', 'strategy', 'targets', 'competition', 'Europe', 'mix', 'actions', 'core', 'part', 'silver', 'result', 'companies', 'industry', 'manufacturing', 'industries', 'capabilities', 'May', 'Bethune', 'USA', 'August', 'site', 'Alicante', 'Spain', '2025']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,globenewswire.com
49205,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/6053510,Notice to Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General Meeting 2025,Notice is hereby given to Aktia Bank Plc shareholders that the Annual General Meeting will be held on Thursday  3 April 2025 at 4.00 p.m. at Pikku-Finlandia  address Karamzininranta 4  Helsinki. Persons who have registered for the meeting will be welcomed and voting sheets will be distributed from 3.00 p.m. onwards.,Aktia Bank PlcStock Exchange Release6 March 2025 at 1.00 p.m.Notice to Aktia Bank Plc's Annual General Meeting 2025Notice is hereby given to Aktia Bank Plc shareholders that the Annual General Meeting will be held on Thursday  3 April 2025 at 4.00 p.m. at Pikku-Finlandia  address Karamzininranta 4  Helsinki. Persons who have registered for the meeting will be welcomed and voting sheets will be distributed from 3.00 p.m. onwards.Shareholders of Aktia Bank Plc can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are set out in section C of this notice to the Annual General Meeting.It is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting via webcast. Instructions on how to follow the webcast are available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  make other interventions  or vote via webcast. Following the meeting via webcast shall not be considered as participation in the Annual General Meeting or as the exercise of shareholders' rights.A. Matters to be discussed at the Annual General MeetingThe agenda of the Annual General Meeting will be as follows:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  consolidated financial statements  report by the Board of Directors and Auditor's report for 2024CEO's presentation.The company's financial statements and Annual Report  including the report by the Board of Directors  sustainability report  the Auditor's report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting  will be published no later than 13 March 2025  after which they are available on the company's website at www.aktia.com.7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the financial statements. The company's auditor has recommended adopting the financial statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.82 per share shall be paid for the financial year 2024.Shareholders registered in the register of shareholders of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the dividend payment 7 April 2025 are entitled to the dividend. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid out on 14 April 2025 in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Finland Ltd.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors  the CEO and his deputy10. Handling of the Remuneration Report of the governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report for the company's governing bodies be confirmed.The 2024 Remuneration Report of the company's governing bodies will be published no later than 13 March 2025  after which it is available on the company's website at www.aktia.com.11. Resolution on remuneration for the members of the BoardThe Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration for the Board of Directors for the term be unchanged and determined as follows:Chair  EUR 75 000 (2024: EUR 75 000)Deputy Chair  EUR 50 000 (2024: EUR 50 000)member  EUR 40 000 (2024: EUR 40 000)Annual remunerations for the Chairs of each Committee as well as meeting remunerations are proposed to be unchanged  meaning that it is proposed that the Chair of each Committee will further receive an annual remuneration of EUR 8 000. The proposed meeting remuneration for Board and Committee meetings is EUR 700 per attended meeting for each person (EUR 700 per attended meeting for each person in 2024). If participation in a board meeting requires travelling outside the board member's country of residence  the remuneration for board meeting is EUR 1 400 per attended meeting for each person (EUR 1 400 per attended meeting for each person in 2024). The remuneration of the members of the Board is not treated as income forming basis for earnings-related pension. Compensation for travel and accommodation expenses as well as a daily allowance is paid in line with the Finnish Tax Administration's guidelines and the travel instructions of the company.The Nomination Board proposes that approximately 40% of the annual remuneration (gross amount) shall be paid to the members in the form of Aktia shares. The company will on account of the Board members acquire Aktia shares on the market to the price that is formed through public trading or it will transfer the company's own shares to the Board members and the rest of the annual remuneration payable is paid in cash. The shares are acquired or transferred during a two-week time period from the day following the company's interim report for 1 January 2025–31 March 2025 is disclosed or as soon as possible in accordance with applicable legislation. If the remuneration can't be paid in shares  it can be paid in cash entirely. The company will be responsible for all expenses and the possible transfer tax for acquiring or transferring the shares.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors be decreased from nine (9) to seven (7) members. However  should any of the candidates proposed under section 13 below not be able to attend the Board  the proposed number of Board members shall be decreased accordingly.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that of the present members of the Board of Directors Joakim Frimodig  Carl Haglund  Maria Jerhamre Engström  Harri Lauslahti and Matts Rosenberg  based on their consent  shall be re-elected for a term continuing until the next Annual General Meeting has concluded. For more information on the members of the Board of Directors proposed to be re-elected  please see the company's website at www.aktia.com. The Board members of Aktia Bank Ann Grevelius  Sari Pohjonen  Johannes Schulman and Lasse Svens have informed that they will not be available for re-election.The Shareholders' Nomination Board also proposes that Hanne Katrama and Sari Somerkallio are elected as new members of the Board of Directors for the same term  based on their consent. Further information on the new Board members proposed to be elected have been attached to this notice and can be found on the company's website at www.aktia.com closer to the company's Annual General Meeting.Should any of the candidates presented above not be able to attend the Board  the available candidates are proposed to be elected accordingly.All the proposed persons are independent in relation to the company according to the definition of the Corporate Governance Code. Only Matts Rosenberg is not independent of a significant shareholder since he is the Chair of the board of RG Partners Oy  the largest shareholder (10.13%) of Aktia Bank. In addition  Rosenberg is the CEO of Rettig Oy Ab  which is the largest owner of RG Partners Oy.All the proposed persons have informed that they intend  if they are elected  to re-elect Matts Rosenberg amongst them as Chair of the Board of Directors and to elect Joakim Frimodig as Deputy Chair.14. Resolution on the auditor's and sustainability reporting assurance provider's remunerationThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that remuneration shall be paid to the auditor against the auditor's reasonable invoice. The Board of Directors also proposes that remuneration shall be paid to the sustainability reporting assurance provider against a reasonable invoice for measures related to the assurance of sustainability reporting.15. Determination of the number of auditors and sustainability reporting assurance providersThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that the number of auditors and sustainability reporting assurance providers shall be one (1).16. Election of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  shall be elected as auditor  with Tiia Kataja  APA  as auditor-in-charge. The Board of Directors also proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that KPMG Oy Ab  an Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm  shall be elected as sustainability reporting assurance provider  with Tiia Kataja  Authorised Sustainability Auditor (ASA)  as sustainability reporting assurance provider-in-charge. The auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance provider shall be elected for a term of office beginning when the Annual General Meeting 2025 has ended and continuing up until the Annual General Meeting 2026 has ended.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on one or more issues of shares or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Finnish Companies ActThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to issue shares  or special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 of the Companies Act  as follows:A maximum amount of 7 316 000 shares can be issued based on this authorisation  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all terms for issues of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation concerns the issuance of new shares. Issues of shares or of special rights entitling to shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right to the company's shares (directed share issue).The Board of Directors has the right to use this authorisation  among other things  to strengthen the company's capital base  for the company's share-based incentive scheme  acquisitions and/or other corporate transactions.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the issue authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting on 3 April 2024.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of 500 000 shares at a maximum  corresponding to approximately 0.7% of the total number of shares in the company.The company's own shares may be acquired in one or several tranches using the unrestricted equity of the company.The company's own shares may be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition  or at a price otherwise prevailing on the market. The company's own shares may be acquired in a proportion other than that of the shares held by the shareholders (directed acquisition).The company's own shares may be acquired to be used in the company's share-based incentive schemes and/or for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for further transfer  retention  or cancellation.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the acquisition of the company's own shares.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to purchase the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 3 April 2024.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide to divest the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on divesting own shares held by the company  as follows.Based on the authorisation  a maximum of 500 000 shares may be divested.Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all additional terms concerning the divestment of the company's own shares. The divestment of the company's own shares can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights to shares in the company (directed share issue)  e.g.  for implementing the company's incentive programs and for remuneration  including divesting the company's own shares to board members for payment of board remuneration.The authorisation is effective for 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting and revokes the authorisation to divest the company's own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on 3 April 2024.20. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Aktia Bank Plc's website www.aktia.com. Aktia Bank Plc's Annual Report including the company's financial statements  the report by the Board of Directors (including the sustainability report)  the Auditor's report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting  and the 2024 Remuneration Report of the governing bodies  will be available on the above-mentioned website on 13 March 2025  at the latest. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on 17 April 2025  at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered in the company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd as at 24 March 2025  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company's register of shareholders. Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the number of votes of the shareholder.Registration for the Annual General Meeting starts on 7 March 2025 at 10.00 a.m. Shareholders who are registered in the company's register of shareholders and who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the General Meeting by 4.00 p.m. on 27 March 2025  at the latest. Participants can register for the Annual General Meeting:a) through the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or proxy with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate;b) by e-mail to Innovatics Ltd at [email protected]. A shareholder registering by e-mail shall include in the message the registration form available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting and a possible advance voting form or equivalent information; orc) by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Aktia Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki. A shareholder registering by mail shall include in the message the registration form available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting and a possible advance voting form or equivalent information.When registering  please provide the necessary information  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or business ID  contact details  the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the proxy's date of birth. The personal data provided by shareholders to Aktia Bank Plc or Innovatics Ltd will only be used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.The shareholder  his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting. Further information on the use of proxy and power of attorney are described below in section C 3.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9.00 a.m. to 12.00 p.m. and from 1.00 p.m. to 4.00 p.m.2. Owners of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 24 March 2025 would be entitled to be registered in the company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Participation also requires that the shareholder has been entered into the company's temporary register of shareholders  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  on the basis of such shares by 31 March 2025 at 10.00 a.m. at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.The holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from his/her custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the register of shareholders  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration  and attendance at the Annual General Meeting and  if necessary  advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares attending the Annual General Meeting in the temporary register of shareholders of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights there through a proxy representative. A shareholder's proxy may also elect to vote in advance as described in this notice if he/she so wishes. The proxy representative shall authenticate to the electronic registration service and advance voting personally with strong authentication  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder that he/she represents. The shareholder's proxy must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. You can prove your right to representation by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service available in the electronic registration service.Model proxy documents and voting instructions are available on the company's website www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Aktia Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by e-mail to [email protected] before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or his/her proxy shall register for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.4. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance between 7 March 2025 and 27 March 2025 on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meetinga) via the company's website at www.aktia.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting. Login to the service is done in the same way as for registration in section C.1 of this notice;b) by mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company's website or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd at Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Aktia Bank Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland; orc) by e-mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company's website or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd by e-mail at [email protected].Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends. The submission of votes by mail or e-mail before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that it contains the abovementioned information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Finnish Companies Act unless he/she attends the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy at the meeting venue.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares whom he/she represents in accordance with the voting instructions given by them during the registration period set for the nominee-registered shareholders.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the Annual General Meeting without any changes.5. Further instructions for attendees of the Annual General MeetingThe official language of the meeting is Swedish  but the meeting will be partly conducted also in Finnish. Shareholders may address the meeting and present questions in both Swedish and Finnish. There is no simultaneous interpretation at the meeting.Shareholders present at the Annual General Meeting have the right to present questions about the matters discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.Shareholders are welcome to participate in coffee service arranged after the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting the total number of shares in Aktia Bank Plc is 73 161 696 shares  representing 73 161 696 votes. The company holds on the date of this notice a total number of 56 708 of its own shares. The shares held by the company on the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not entitle to vote at the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  6 March 2025AKTIA BANK PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSAppendix 1: information on the proposed new members of the Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Lasse Svens  Chair of the Board  tel. +358 500 562 945Ari Syrjäläinen  General Counsel  tel. +358 10 247 6350Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdCentral mediawww.aktia.comAktia is a Finnish asset manager  bank and life insurer that has been creating wealth and wellbeing from one generation to the next for 200 years. We serve our customers in digital channels everywhere and face-to-face in our offices in the Helsinki  Turku  Tampere  Vaasa and Oulu regions. Our award-winning asset management business sells investment funds internationally. We employ approximately 850 people around Finland. Aktia's assets under management (AuM) on 31 December 2024 amounted to EUR 14.0 billion  and the balance sheet total was EUR 11.9 billion. Aktia's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (AKTIA). aktia.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Aktia Bank Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Aktia Bank Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Aktia Bank Plc shareholders', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'income forming basis', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'two-week time period', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Nomination Board', 'Annual Report', 'annual remuneration', 'financial year', 'Aktia shares', 'voting sheets', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'other interventions', 'A. Matters', 'sustainability reporting', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'earnings-related pension', 'accommodation expenses', 'daily allowance', 'gross amount', 'public trading', 'The Board', ""shareholders' rights"", 'assurance report', 'meeting remuneration', 'advance voting', 'board meeting', 'Committee meetings', 'Remuneration Report', 'board member', 'Deputy Chair', 'travel instructions', 'dividend payment', 'remunerations', 'members', '6 March', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', 'Helsinki', 'Persons', 'webcast', 'company', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'annual-general-meeting', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'CEO', '13 March', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'register', 'rules', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'term', 'Chairs', 'country', 'residence', 'Compensation', 'line', 'account', 'market', 'price', 'rest', 'cash', '1.00', '4.00', '3.00', '2024']",2025-03-06,2025-03-06,taiwannews.com.tw
49206,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.spiegel.de/international/world/military-funding-iran-seeks-to-access-billions-in-frozen-hard-currency-a-d9fbf1de-e5a4-4a59-a845-b52469203aa1,Military Funding: Iran Seeks to Access Billions in Frozen Hard Currency,Iran needs hard currency for its military and to re-arm Hezbollah. Tehran is now apparently seeking to access billions of dollars that lie frozen in the accounts of a subsidiary of the German stock exchange.,The securities of the Iranian central bank  Bank Markasi  are held by Clearstream in Luxembourg. Some of those securities are held through an Italian bank. Clearstream has frozen all accounts attributable to Bank Markasi.International security experts say that Tehran is in urgent need of hard currency for its military. The country’s armed forces need the money to restock its own arsenal as well as that of the Lebanese terrorist militia Hezbollah. Obligations stemming from arms deals with Russia must also be met.,neutral,0.01,0.57,0.42,neutral,0.01,0.81,0.18,True,English,"['Frozen Hard Currency', 'Military Funding', 'Iran', 'Billions', 'Lebanese terrorist militia Hezbollah', 'International security experts', 'Iranian central bank', 'Bank Markasi', 'Italian bank', 'urgent need', 'hard currency', 'armed forces', 'arms deals', 'securities', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'accounts', 'Tehran', 'military', 'country', 'money', 'arsenal', 'Obligations', 'Russia']",2025-03-06,2025-03-06,spiegel.de
49207,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-renk-group-ag-joins-the-mdax-1034446704,EQS-News: RENK Group AG joins the MDAX,Augsburg  March 6  2025 – RENK Group AG  a leading provider of propulsion solutions for military and civilian applications  will be included in the second most important German stock index MDAX (with the announcement of Deutsche Börse) on March 5  2025. The implementation of the index changes of Deutsche Börse will take effect on March 24  2025.,EQS-News: RENK Group AG / Key word(s): MiscellaneousRENK Group AG joins the MDAX06.03.2025 / 07:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.RENK Group AG joins the MDAXRENK Group AG will be among the 90 largest listed companieson the Frankfurt Stock Exchange from March 24  2025on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange from March 24  2025 RENK share with a 149% performance since listingAugsburg  March 6  2025 – RENK Group AG  a leading provider of propulsion solutions for military and civilian applications  will be included in the second most important German stock index MDAX (with the announcement of Deutsche Börse) on March 5  2025. The implementation of the index changes of Deutsche Börse will take effect on March 24  2025.Since the IPO on February 7  2024  the RENK share price has increased from its issue price (15.00 euros) by 149% to 37 euros per share (closing price on March 5  2025: 37.38 euros). As a result of the positive share price performance and the steadily increased free float  RENK Group AG fulfills the MDAX criteria of Deutsche Börse just one year after its listing and is promoted from the SDAX to the next higher stock market index  the MDAX  by applying the fast-entry rule.“We are very pleased about RENK's promotion to the second most important German stock market index within the company's short time on the stock market. The inclusion in the MDAX underlines the fact that RENK has developed into a leading  fast-growing and reliable European defense company in recent years. At the same time  we are committed to a sustainable future with our high-performance industrial drive solutions. Now  we will continue to work with determination and rigor on our ambitious growth strategy  our global innovation and technology leadership  and our operational excellence. This will enable us to continue creating sustainable value for our shareholders  customers  and employees in the future ” said Dr. Alexander Sagel  CEO of RENK Group AG.Anja Mänz-Siebje  CFO of RENK Group AG  said: “The inclusion in the MDAX is a strong signal to the capital market. This will further increase the visibility and also the attractiveness of our shares. Together with our strong financial profile  the promotion opens up new opportunities for us to advance our growth ambitions and create long-term added value for our shareholders.”On March 26  2025  RENK Group AG will publish its final financial results for 2024 along with its 2024 Annual Report.About the RENK Group AGHeadquartered in Augsburg  Germany  RENK Group AG is a globally leading manufacturer of mission-critical propulsion solutions across diverse military and civil end markets. Our product portfolio includes gear units  transmissions  power-packs  hybrid propulsion systems  suspension systems  slide bearings  couplings & clutches and test systems. With this broad product portfolio RENK Group AG serves  in particular  customers in industries for military vehicles  naval  civil marine  and industrial applications focused on energy. In the fiscal year 2023  RENK Group AG generated revenue of EUR 926 million. RENK Group AG is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange since February 7  2024 and is a member of the SDAX since May 9  2024.For further information  please visit www.renk.comDisclaimerThis Press Release contains forward-looking statements that are based on plans  expectations  estimates and projections of the management of RENK Group as at the date of this Press Release. These plans  expectations  estimates and projections depend on a variety of assumptions and are subject to unforeseeable events  uncertainties  known and unknown risks as well as other factors that may cause actual results or the actual financial situation  development or performance to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. RENK Group does not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements or make adjustments to them to reflect events or developments occurring after the date of this Press Release unless obliged by statutory law.Contact:Herr Fabian KleeHead of Corporate Communications &Group SpokespersonGögginger Straße 7386159 Augsburg+49 160 7154 647,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['RENK Group AG', 'EQS-News', 'MDAX', 'second most important German stock market index', 'second most important German stock index MDAX', 'next higher stock market index', 'Group SpokespersonGögginger Straße', 'reliable European defense company', 'high-performance industrial drive solutions', 'positive share price performance', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', '90 largest listed companies', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Dr. Alexander Sagel', 'Anja Mänz-Siebje', 'Herr Fabian KleeHead', 'mission-critical propulsion solutions', 'RENK Group AG', 'ambitious growth strategy', 'strong financial profile', 'long-term added value', 'final financial results', 'civil end markets', 'actual financial situation', 'hybrid propulsion systems', 'broad product portfolio', 'RENK share price', 'index changes', 'capital market', 'industrial applications', 'actual results', 'issue price', 'closing price', 'sustainable value', 'strong signal', 'growth ambitions', 'civil marine', 'suspension systems', 'test systems', 'Key word', 'leading provider', 'civilian applications', 'free float', 'MDAX criteria', 'fast-entry rule', 'short time', 'leading, fast-growing', 'recent years', 'same time', 'global innovation', 'technology leadership', 'operational excellence', 'new opportunities', '2024 Annual Report', 'leading manufacturer', 'gear units', 'slide bearings', 'fiscal year', 'Press Release', 'forward-looking statements', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'statutory law', 'Corporate Communications', 'diverse military', 'military vehicles', 'sustainable future', 'unforeseeable events', '149% performance', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'March', 'listing', 'Augsburg', 'implementation', 'effect', 'IPO', 'February', '149% to', '37 euros', 'SDAX', 'promotion', 'inclusion', 'determination', 'rigor', 'shareholders', 'customers', 'employees', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'visibility', 'attractiveness', 'shares', 'Germany', 'transmissions', 'power-packs', 'couplings', 'clutches', 'industries', 'naval', 'energy', 'revenue', 'member', 'May', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'estimates', 'projections', 'management', 'date', 'variety', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'development', 'obligation', 'adjustments', 'Contact', '07', '30', '2025', '37.38']",2025-03-06,2025-03-06,markets.businessinsider.com
49208,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/05/3037609/0/en/TOUAX-share-capital-and-voting-rights-at-February-28-2025.html,TOUAX : share capital and voting rights at February 28  2025,REGULATED INFORMATION                Paris  5 March 2025 5:45 PM  YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION  Disclosure of Share......,REGULATED INFORMATION Paris  5 March 2025 5:45 PMYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting RightsDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Register name of the issuer: TOUAX SCA (Euronext Paris: TOUP)Date Total shares outstanding Total voting rights Total exercisable voting rights* February 28  2025 7 011 547 8 335 624 8 298 298* excluding rights attached to shares held in treasury****************TOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis throughout the world  for its own account and on behalf of third party investors. With €1.2 billion under management  TOUAX is one of the European leaders in the operational leasing of this type of equipment.TOUAX SCA is listed in Paris on EURONEXT – Euronext Paris Compartment C (Code ISIN FR0000033003) and on the CAC® Small and CAC® Mid & Small indexes and in EnterNext PEA-PME.For more information: www.touax.comContacts:TOUAX SEITOSEI ● ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOManaging Partners ghislaine.gasparetto@seitosei-actifin.comtouax@touax.comwww.touax.com Tel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 (0)1 46 96 18 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['share capital', 'voting rights', 'TOUAX', 'February', 'outstanding Total voting rights', 'Total exercisable voting rights', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'third party investors', 'Date Total shares', 'French Commercial Code', 'Raphaël WALEWSKI', 'Managing Partners ghislaine', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'Marchés Financiers', 'Code ISIN', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'Share Capital', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Autorité des', 'Register name', 'tangible assets', 'freight railcars', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'European leaders', 'Small indexes', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'Ghislaine GASPARETTO', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CAC® Small', 'TOUAX SCA', 'TOUAX Group', 'TOUAX SEITOSEI', '5 March', 'Disclosure', 'issuer', 'TOUP', 'February', 'treasury', 'containers', 'world', 'account', 'behalf', 'management', 'type', 'equipment', 'Mid', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '45', '33', '1 56']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,globenewswire.com
49209,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/05/3037604/0/en/Neurones-Net-profit-up-7-8-in-2024.html,Neurones: Net profit up 7.8% in 2024,PRESS INFORMATIONHeading: 2024 annual results        Nanterre  March 5  2025 (after trading)  Net profit up 7.8% in 2024 Financial statements at...,PRESS INFORMATIONHeading: 2024 annual results Nanterre  March 5  2025 (after trading)Net profit up 7.8% in 2024Financial statements at December 31 (1) 2023 2024 Revenues 741.2 810.4 Business operating profit (2) 81.5 (11%) 84.1 (10.4%) Operating profit 75.9 (10.2%) 77.9 (9.6%) Financial profit 4.9 10.2 Tax on earnings (22.2) (24.9) Net profit 58.6 (7.9%) 63.2 (7.8%) - of which  group share 49.4 52.5 Free cash flow (3) 51.6 74.6 Cash and cash equivalents net of financial debt (4) 290.4 319.5 Staff at year-end 6 749 7 087(1) In millions of euros  2024 financial statements approved by the Board of Directors on March 5  2025.(2) Before cost of bonus shares(3) Cash flow from operational activities  plus financial profit/loss and less net industrial investments.(4) Excluding IFRS16 lease liabilities.AchievementsNEURONES enjoyed another year of sustained growth in 2024 (+ 9.3%  of which + 8.6% organic compared with + 0.7% for the Consulting and Digital Services market)  while net profit grew by 7.8%.Free cash flow rose sharply  with a reduction in working capital requirement (- €8.5m) and capital expenditure (Capex) back to its usual level (€11.8m after €17.9m invested in the previous financial year  mainly in the Group's SecNumCloud sovereign and secure cloud platform).Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year rose to €319.5m (or €13 per share).OutlookAs usual  forecasts for the current year will be posted along with the Group's 1st quarter revenues (on May 7  after the closing of the stock exchange). Driven by solid underlying trends (AI  cloud  cybersecurity  digital  data)  NEURONES is well positioned to achieve another year of profitable growth.At the Shareholders' Meeting on June 5  the Board will suggest paying a dividend of €1.3 per share for 2024 (compared with €1.2 the previous year).About NEURONESWith close to 7 200 experts  and ranking among the French leaders in consulting and digital services  NEURONES helps large companies and organizations implement their digital projects  transform their IT infrastructures and adopt new uses.Euronext Paris (compartment B - NRO) – Euronext Tech Leaders – DSS mid-caps – ‘PEA-PME’ eligiblewww.neurones.netPress Relations:O'ConnectionJulia Philippe-BrutinTel.: +33 (0)6 03 63 06 03jpbrutin@oconnection.frNEURONESMatthieu VautierTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37rp@neurones.netInvestor Relations:NEURONESPaul-César BonnelTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37investisseurs@neurones.netAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.59,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['Net profit', 'Neurones', 'less net industrial investments', 'IFRS16 lease liabilities', 'solid underlying trends', 'Paul-César Bonnel', 'PRESS INFORMATION Heading', 'working capital requirement', 'secure cloud platform', '1st quarter revenues', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', '10.4 Business operating profit', 'Free cash flow', 'Digital Services market', 'previous financial year', 'Net profit', 'capital expenditure', 'French leaders', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press Relations', 'Financial profit', 'previous year', 'Financial statements', 'financial debt', '2024 annual results', 'cash equivalents', 'bonus shares', 'operational activities', 'sustained growth', 'usual level', 'SecNumCloud sovereign', 'stock exchange', 'profitable growth', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'large companies', 'digital projects', 'IT infrastructures', 'new uses', 'compartment B', 'DSS mid-caps', ""O'Connection"", 'Julia Philippe-Brutin', 'Matthieu Vautier', 'Investor Relations', 'current year', 'Nanterre', 'March', 'trading', 'December', '10.2 Tax', 'earnings', 'group', 'Staff', 'year-end', 'millions', 'euros', 'Board', 'Directors', 'cost', 'Achievements', 'NEURONES', 'Consulting', 'reduction', 'Capex', 'Outlook', 'forecasts', 'May', 'closing', 'cybersecurity', 'data', 'June', 'dividend', 'close', '7,200 experts', 'organizations', 'NRO', 'PEA-PME', 'Tel.', 'jpbrutin', 'oconnection', 'investisseurs', 'Attachment', '4.9']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,globenewswire.com
49210,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/05/3037789/0/en/Nyrstar-NV-Indictment-chamber-in-Brussels-dismisses-Nyrstar-from-prosecution.html,Nyrstar NV – Indictment chamber in Brussels dismisses Nyrstar from prosecution,Regulated information – inside information  Nyrstar NV – Indictment chamber in Brussels dismisses Nyrstar from prosecution  5 March 2025 at 22.30 CET ......,Regulated information – inside informationNyrstar NV – Indictment chamber in Brussels dismisses Nyrstar from prosecution5 March 2025 at 22.30 CETNyrstar (“the Company”) today provides an update on the criminal proceedings in Brussels.In a judgment dated 5 March 2025  the indictment chamber of the Brussels court of appeal dismissed the Company from prosecution.These proceedings stem from the judicial investigation in Brussels initiated in 2019 following a civil party complaint.The Company previously announced that the council chamber of the French-speaking court of first instance in Brussels had dismissed the Company from prosecution on 1 October 2024. Certain parties had filed an appeal against this ruling.With this judgment of 5 March 2025  the indictment chamber of the Brussels court of appeal has rejected those appeals. According to the court  the investigation has  at no point  produced sufficient evidence to put the Company on criminal trial.About Nyrstar NVThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar NV website: www.nyrstarnv.beFor further information contact:Company Secretary company.secretary@nyrstarnv.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.63,0.37,negative,0.0,0.29,0.71,True,English,"['Indictment chamber', 'Nyrstar NV', 'Brussels', 'prosecution', 'civil party complaint', 'Nyrstar NV website', 'Indictment chamber', 'council chamber', 'first instance', 'Certain parties', 'sufficient evidence', 'criminal trial', 'French-speaking court', 'criminal proceedings', 'judicial investigation', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Company Secretary', 'Regulated information', 'Brussels court', 'The Company', 'prosecution', '5 March', '22.30 CET', 'update', 'judgment', 'appeal', '1 October', 'ruling', 'point', 'Belgium', 'symbol', 'nyrstarnv', 'Attachment']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,globenewswire.com
49211,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/05/3037101/0/en/ASML-publishes-2024-Annual-Reports.html,ASML publishes 2024 Annual Reports,ASML publishes 2024 Annual ReportsSustainability statements reported in accordance with the ESRS for the first time  VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 5  2025 – Today  ASML Holding NV (ASML) has published its 2024 Annual Reports.,ASML publishes 2024 Annual ReportsSustainability statements reported in accordance with the ESRS for the first timeVELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 5  2025 – Today  ASML Holding NV (ASML) has published its 2024 Annual Reports.The 2024 Annual Reports ('Powering technology forward with you') highlight ASML’s commitment to bring technology forward by developing the tools that enable faster  more powerful and energy-efficient microchips  allowing our customers to address some of society’s biggest challenges. Our ongoing innovation relies on strong partnerships with our stakeholders  and together  we’re creating sustainable solutions. The 2024 Annual Reports reflect on ASML's business model and strategy  corporate governance  sustainability and financial performance. For the first time  our Annual Reports include sustainability statements in accordance with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS). The full reports and introductory video with CFO Roger Dassen are published on our website www.asml.com.ASML's primary accounting standard is US GAAP  the accounting principles generally accepted in the US. In addition to reporting in accordance with US GAAP  ASML also reports in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS) for Dutch statutory purposes. The most significant recurring differences between US GAAP and IFRS that affect ASML concern the capitalization of certain product development costs and accounting for income taxes.ASML will file its 2024 Annual Report based on US GAAP on Form 20-F with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  and its 2024 Annual Report based on IFRS-EU with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM). ASML's 2024 Annual Report will also be available at www.sec.gov. The 2024 Annual Report based on IFRS will be available at www.afm.nl.Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Jim Kavanagh +31 40 268 3938 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Pete Convertito +1 203 919 1714 Karen Lo +886 9 397 88635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across EMEA  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 44 000 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['2024 Annual Reports', 'ASML', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'European Sustainability Reporting Standards', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'CFO Roger Dassen', 'significant recurring differences', 'product development costs', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'primary accounting standard', 'Dutch statutory purposes', 'The 2024 Annual Reports', 'ASML Holding NV', 'European Union', 'financial performance', 'Financial Markets', 'accounting principles', 'Dutch Authority', 'full reports', 'Sustainability statements', 'first time', 'biggest challenges', 'ongoing innovation', 'strong partnerships', 'sustainable solutions', 'business model', 'corporate governance', 'introductory video', 'income taxes', 'Exchange Commission', 'Monique Mols', 'Jim Kavanagh', 'Pete Convertito', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'US GAAP', 'US Securities', 'multinational company', 'Powering technology', 'groundbreaking technology', 'accordance', 'ESRS', 'VELDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'March', 'commitment', 'tools', 'customers', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'strategy', 'website', 'addition', 'IFRS', 'capitalization', 'AFM', 'nl', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'EMEA', 'Asia', '44,000 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'Attachment']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,globenewswire.com
49212,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/05/3037644/0/en/Press-release-Sanofi-successfully-prices-EUR-1-5-billion-of-bond-issue.html,Press release: Sanofi successfully prices EUR 1.5 billion of bond issue,Sanofi successfully prices EUR 1.5 billion of bond issue   Paris  March 5  2025. Sanofi announces that it has successfully priced its offering of EUR...,"Sanofi successfully prices EUR 1.5 billion of bond issueParis  March 5  2025. Sanofi announces that it has successfully priced its offering of EUR 1.5 billion of notes across 2 tranches:€850 million floating rate notes  due March 2027  bearing interest at 3-month Euribor plus 0.300%€650 million fixed rate notes  due March 2031  bearing interest at an annual rate of 2.750%.The notes are being issued off the company's Euro Medium Term Note Program.Sanofi intends to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes.The transaction has been led by Deutsche Bank and J.P. Morgan as Global Coordinators  and ING  Santander CIB and Unicredit  all as Joint Lead Managers.DisclaimerThis communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. This is neither an advertisement and not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of June 14  2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”)  nor a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)  and has not been approved  filed or reviewed by any regulatory authority of the EEA or the United Kingdom.The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (""EEA"") AND UNITED KINGDOM (""UK"") RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA and in the UK. For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (""MiFID II"") or in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded the ""Insurance Mediation Directive"") or within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (the ""FSMA"") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation""  including as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors (as defined above) in the EEA or in the UK has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any such retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) persons in the United Kingdom who have professional experience in matters related to investments and who are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order or (iv) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or cause to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The Notes are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.Notes have only been offered or sold and will only be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation  and the Base Prospectus  any Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes have only been distributed or caused to be distributed and will only be distributed or caused to be distributed in France to such qualified investors.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions. Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | + 33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | + 1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+ 44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comKeita Browne | + 1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | + 33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comYun Li |+ 33 6 84 00 90 72 | yun.li3 @sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsAny statements made in this communication that are not statements of historical fact  including statements about Sanofi’s beliefs and expectations are forward-looking statements and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Sanofi‘s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Sanofi does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.Additional InformationThis communication is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of any offer to sell any securities  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.Attachment",neutral,0.25,0.68,0.06,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Press release', 'bond issue', 'Sanofi', 'Euro Medium Term Note Program', 'French Code monétaire', 'high net worth companies', '€850 million floating rate notes', '€650 million fixed rate notes', 'J.P. Morgan', 'Joint Lead Managers', 'EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA', 'Insurance Mediation Directive', 'Insurance Distribution Directive', 'key information document', 'general corporate purposes', 'U.S. persons', 'other offering material', 'Financial Promotion) Order', 'UK domestic law', 'annual rate', 'UK Prospectus Regulation', 'net proceeds', 'European Union', 'Financial Services', 'other persons', 'bond issue', '3-month Euribor', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Global Coordinators', 'Santander CIB', 'regulatory authority', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'RETAIL INVESTORS', 'retail client', 'MiFID II', 'exit day', 'professional client', 'professional experience', 'investment professionals', 'investment activity', 'qualified investors', 'Final Terms', 'Markets Act', 'Base Prospectus', 'securities laws', 'relevant persons', 'Securities Act', 'PRIIPs Regulation', 'registration requirements', 'Withdrawal) Act', 'Article L.', 'The Notes', 'EU) No', 'Sanofi', 'Paris', 'March', '2 tranches', 'interest', 'company', 'transaction', 'Unicredit', 'Disclaimer', 'communication', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'qualification', 'advertisement', 'June', 'meaning', 'part', 'virtue', 'EEA', 'account', 'benefit', 'PROHIBITION', 'point', 'EUWA', 'customer', 'provisions', 'FSMA', 'rules', 'regulations', 'matters', 'investments', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'section', 'agreement', 'contents', 'France', 'investisseurs', 'financier', '0.', '2.']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,globenewswire.com
49213,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/05/3037608/0/en/Kojamo-plc-s-issue-of-EUR-500-000-000-green-bond-successfully-priced-under-its-EMTN-programme.html,Kojamo plc’s issue of EUR 500 000 000 green bond successfully priced under its EMTN programme,Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release  5 March 2025 at 6.45 p.m. EET  Kojamo plc’s issue of EUR 500 000 000 green bond successfully priced under its EMTN......,"Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release  5 March 2025 at 6.45 p.m. EETKojamo plc’s issue of EUR 500 000 000 green bond successfully priced under its EMTN programmeNOT FOR PUBLISHING OR DISTRIBUTION  WHETHER IN WHOLE OR IN PART  EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SINGAPORE  SOUTH AFRICA  OR IN ANY OTHER COUNTRIES WHERE PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE AGAINST THE LAWKojamo plc has successfully priced the issue of EUR 500 000 000 senior unsecured green notes (the “Notes”) under its EMTN programme. The maturity of the euro-denominated Notes is 7 years  and the maturity date is 12 March 2032. The Notes carry a fixed annual coupon of 3.875 per cent. This is the third green bond issued by the company.The Notes are issued under Kojamo’s EUR 2 500 000 000 EMTN programme Base Prospectus dated 25 February 2025. Kojamo will apply for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and listing on the official list. The EMTN programme has been rated Baa2 by Moody's.The proceeds of the issuance of the Notes will be used by Kojamo to finance or refinance green projects in accordance with the company’s Green Finance Framework (the “Framework”). The Framework links the company’s sustainability targets and climate actions with the company’s investments and their financing. The Framework will be applied to the company’s investments that promote the transition towards sustainable and low-carbon economy  focusing on energy efficient buildings and improving their energy efficiency  as well as to projects increasing the production of renewable energy  promoting clean transportation or improving waste management. The Framework is available on the company’s website at https://kojamo.fi/en/investors/financial-information/financing-and-bonds/green-financing/.""We are very pleased with our successful return to the bond market. The demand for the bond was really strong  and the number of investors was plentiful. I would like to thank the joint lead managers for the good execution of the bond. The seven-year loan significantly extends our debt maturity profile and reduces our refinancing risk. We have now covered all our loans maturing in 2026. The proceeds of the bond will partly be used to repurchase the 2026 maturing Notes ” says interim CEO Erik Hjelt.Goldman Sachs International  Nordea Bank Abp  OP Corporate Bank plc  SEB and Swedbank AB (publ) are acting as joint lead managers.Helsinki  5 March 2025KOJAMO PLCFor further information  please contact:Erik Hjelt  Interim CEO  Kojamo plc  tel. +358 20 508 3225  erik.hjelt@kojamo.fiNiina Saarto  Director  Treasury & Investor Relations  Kojamo plc  tel. +358 20 508 3283  niina.saarto@kojamo.fiDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki  Irish Stock Exchange  key mediaKojamo is Finland’s largest private residential real estate company and one of the biggest investors in Finland. Our mission is to create better urban housing. Lumo offers environmentally friendly housing and services for the city dweller who appreciates quality and effortlessness. We actively develop the value of our investment properties by developing new properties and our existing property portfolio. We want to be the property market frontrunner and the number one choice for our customers. Kojamo’s shares are listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. For more information  please visit https://kojamo.fi/en/DisclaimerThis release is for information purposes only and is not to be construed as an offer to purchase or sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell with respect to any securities of Kojamo plc (“Kojamo”)  including the Notes (as defined above)  to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful. The distribution of this release and the related material concerning the Notes may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by law. No actions have been taken to register or qualify the Notes  or otherwise to permit a public offering of the Notes  in any jurisdiction. Any offering material or documentation related to the Notes may be received only in compliance with applicable exemptions or restrictions. Persons into whose possession this release or any such offering material or documentation may come are required to inform themselves of and observe all such restrictions. This release and any such offering material or documentation may not be distributed or published in any country or jurisdiction if to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction or would require actions under the laws of a state or jurisdiction. In particular this release and any such offering material or documentation may not be distributed in the United States  Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  Singapore  South Africa or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be permissible to offer the Notes and this release and any related material concerning the issuance of the Notes may not be sent to any person in the beforementioned jurisdictions. Neither Kojamo  the joint lead managers appointed with respect to the Notes  nor their representatives accept any legal responsibility for any violation by any person  whether or not the persons contemplating investing in or divesting Kojamo’s securities including the Notes are aware of such restrictions.The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”)  or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be offered  sold  pledged or otherwise transferred directly or indirectly within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. Persons (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act).This announcement is not directed at retail clients in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK. For these purposes  a retail investor in the EEA means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)  and a retail investor in the UK means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the “PRIIPs Regulation”) or by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/or the UK PRIIPS Regulation.MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only  each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.UK MiFIR product governance – The target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties  as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook)  and professional clients only (all distribution channels)  as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR).The information provided in this release and any offer materials relating to the Notes are addressed to and directed only at persons in the United Kingdom (a) that have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)  (b) falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations etc.”) of the Order  (c) to whom this announcement may otherwise be directed without contravention of Section 21 of the FSMA or (d) to whom this announcement may otherwise be lawfully communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This release is directed only at relevant persons and any person who is not a relevant person must not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['EUR 500,000,000 green bond', 'Kojamo plc', 'EMTN programme', 'issue', 'largest private residential real estate company', 'EUR 2,500,000,000 EMTN programme Base Prospectus', 'EUR 500,000,000 senior unsecured green notes', 'OP Corporate Bank plc', 'Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release', 'interim CEO Erik Hjelt', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'EUR 500,000,000 green bond', 'fixed annual coupon', 'joint lead managers', 'Goldman Sachs International', 'existing property portfolio', 'environmentally friendly housing', 'energy efficient buildings', 'property market frontrunner', 'third green bond', 'debt maturity profile', 'number one choice', 'The EMTN programme', 'Green Finance Framework', 'erik.hjelt', 'green projects', 'urban housing', 'regulated market', 'energy efficiency', 'renewable energy', 'bond market', 'UNITED STATES', 'HONG KONG', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER COUNTRIES', 'maturity date', '3.875 per cent', 'Euronext Dublin', 'official list', 'sustainability targets', 'low-carbon economy', 'clean transportation', 'waste management', 'successful return', 'good execution', 'seven-year loan', 'refinancing risk', 'Swedbank AB', 'Investor Relations', 'key media', 'city dweller', 'investment properties', 'new properties', 'applicable exemptions', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'biggest investors', 'related material', 'relevant laws', 'euro-denominated Notes', '2026 maturing Notes', 'public offering', 'climate actions', 'information purposes', 'other jurisdiction', 'The Notes', 'Niina Saarto', 'offering material', 'fi Distribution', '5 March', 'EET', 'issue', 'PUBLISHING', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'PUBLICATION', '7 years', 'Moody', 'proceeds', 'issuance', 'accordance', 'investments', 'transition', 'sustainable', 'production', 'website', 'fi/en/investors', 'financial-information/financing', 'bonds', 'green-financing', 'demand', 'loans', 'SEB', 'Director', 'Treasury', 'tel', 'Finland', 'mission', 'Lumo', 'services', 'quality', 'effortlessness', 'value', 'customers', 'shares', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'respect', 'securities', 'person', 'sale', 'jurisdictions', 'documentation', 'compliance', 'restrictions', 'possession', 'country', 'violation', '6.45', '358']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,globenewswire.com
49214,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.cnbc.com/2025/03/05/lseg-ceo-london-isnt-alone-in-facing-ipo-challenges-problem-is-global.html,London isn’t alone in facing listing challenges  LSEG CEO says – it’s a global problem,London's capital markets have suffered over the past year  with the U.K. recording its lowest number of initial public offerings in decades.,"LSEG signage is seen on screens in the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London  Britain  May 14  2024.London's listing problem isn't limited to the capital  with weakness in the U.S. and Asia too  according to the head of the London Stock Exchange Group.According to EY  there were just 18 initial public offerings on the London Stock Exchange last year – eight of which came in a fourth quarter flurry.But LSEG CEO David Schwimmer said it's not a unique problem.""We have seen on a global basis  a pretty subdued environment for IPOs  and that's been in New York  that's been in Hong Kong "" he told CNBC. ""That's got a lot of attention.""It's led to concerns London is losing – or has lost – its mojo. Mining giant Glencore is mulling a move away  following high profile departures from the likes of Flutter Entertainment   Tui and Just Eat Takeaway . In fact  the LSE lost 88 companies last year  whether by delisting or transferring primary listings elsewhere — the highest since 2009.Schwimmer had a warning for those looking elsewhere.""When you talk about companies that have gone to New York  it's not such a pretty picture "" he told CNBC's ""Squawk Box Europe.""""If you look over the last 10 years  20 U.K. companies have gone to list in New York and raised over $100 million. Of that 20  four are trading up  something like nine have delisted  and the rest are trading down over 80%. So I think you have to be careful with the narrative of the grass is always greener.""Euronext CEO Stéphane Boujnah expressed his own concerns for the U.K. capital  telling CNBC's ""Squawk Box Europe"" that ""London has lost its leadership when it comes to liquidity for shares.""",negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['listing challenges', 'LSEG CEO', 'global problem', 'London', 'Euronext CEO Stéphane Boujnah', 'LSEG CEO David Schwimmer', 'London Stock Exchange Group', '18 initial public offerings', 'fourth quarter flurry', 'Mining giant Glencore', 'high profile departures', 'Squawk Box Europe', 'U.K. capital', '20 U.K. companies', 'LSEG signage', 'U.S.', 'listing problem', 'unique problem', 'global basis', 'New York', 'Hong Kong', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Eat Takeaway', 'primary listings', 'pretty picture', 'last 10 years', '88 companies', 'screens', 'lobby', 'Britain', 'weakness', 'Asia', 'head', 'EY', 'subdued', 'environment', 'IPOs', 'CNBC', 'lot', 'attention', 'concerns', 'mojo', 'move', 'likes', 'Tui', 'fact', 'warning', 'something', 'rest', 'narrative', 'grass', 'leadership', 'liquidity', 'shares']",2025-03-05,2025-03-06,cnbc.com
49215,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-03/64752454-asm-international-nv-asm-international-n-v-publishes-annual-report-2024-399.htm,ASM International NV: ASM International N.V. publishes Annual Report 2024,Almere  The NetherlandsMarch 6  2025  5.45 p.m. CET ASM International N.V.. ASM publishes the Annual Report in accordance with European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) reporting requirements with the,Almere  The NetherlandsMarch 6  2025  5.45 p.m. CETASM International N.V..ASM publishes the Annual Report in accordance with European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) reporting requirements with the format of the report being Extensible Hypertext Markup Language (xHTML). In line with the ESEF requirements  the primary consolidated financial statements have been labelled with XBRL tags.ASM will hold its Annual General Meeting (AGM) on May 12  2025. The AGM agenda with all related documents will be available in due time.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comInvestor relationsValentina FantigrossiT: +31 88 100 8502E: investor.relations@asm.comThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['ASM International N.V.', 'ASM International NV', 'Annual Report', 'Extensible Hypertext Markup Language', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'primary consolidated financial statements', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'Valentina Fantigrossi T', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The AGM agenda', 'market acceptance', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Annual Report', 'reporting requirements', 'XBRL tags', 'related documents', 'due time', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'future developments', 'media relations', 'The Netherlands', 'The Company', 'ESEF requirements', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'Investor relations', 'Almere', 'March', 'CET', 'accordance', 'xHTML', 'line', 'May', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Contact', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment', '5.45']",2025-03-06,2025-03-06,finanznachrichten.de
49216,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/ose-immunotherapeutics-hosts-kol-webinar-170000965.html,OSE Immunotherapeutics Hosts KOL Webinar Post-ECCO on Lusvertikimab and the Future of IBD,OSE Immunotherapeutics Hosts KOL Webinar Post-ECCO on Lusvertikimab and the Future of IBD NANTES  France – March 6  2025  6:00pm CET - OSE Immunotherapeutics recently hosted a webinar featuring key opinion leaders (KOLs) to discuss the latest clinical trial results and scientific data on Lusvertikimab ,OSE ImmunotherapeuticsOSE Immunotherapeutics Hosts KOL Webinar Post-ECCO onLusvertikimab and the Future of IBDNANTES  France – March 6  2025  6:00pm CET - OSE Immunotherapeutics recently hosted a webinar featuring key opinion leaders (KOLs) to discuss the latest clinical trial results and scientific data on Lusvertikimab  particularly its positive outcomes in treating ulcerative colitis (UC).The webinar included insights from:Prof Laurent Peyrin-Biroulet   Professor of Gastroenterology  Nancy University Hospital  France Prof Arnaud Bourreille   Associate Professor of Gastroenterology  Institut des Maladies de l’Appareil Digestif  Nantes University Hospital Prof Vipul Jairath   Gastroenterologist and Professor of Medicine in the Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry  Ontario  Canada Nicolas Poirier  CEO of OSE Immunotherapeutics.These experts highlighted the significance of Lusvertikimab’s clinical trial results within the current research and therapeutic landscape. They also discussed how these advancements address unmet patient needs and their potential impact on patient care. Additionally  the webinar provided an overview of the current therapeutic landscape in Inflammatory Bowel Diseases (IBD)  with a focus on UC.FULL WEBINAR VIDEO:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0r9LcSzfDoABOUT OSE IMMUNOTHERAPEUTICSOSE Immunotherapeutics is a biotech company dedicated to developing first-in-class assets in immuno-oncology (IO) and immuno-inflammation (I&I) that address the unmet patient needs of today and tomorrow. We partner with leading academic institutions and biopharmaceutical companies in our efforts to develop and bring to the market transformative medicines for people with serious diseases. OSE Immunotherapeutics is based between Nantes and Paris and is quoted on Euronext.Additional information about OSE Immunotherapeutics assets is available on the Company’s website: www.ose-immuno.com. Follow us on X and LinkedInContactsFiona Olivierfiona.olivier@ose-immuno.comSylvie Détrysylvie.detry@ose-immuno.comFrench Media ContactFP2COMFlorence Portejoiefportejoie@fp2com.fr+33 6 07 768 283U.S. Media ContactRooney Partners LLCKate Barrettekbarrette@rooneypartners.com+1 212 223 0561Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains express or implied information and statements that might be deemed forward-looking information and statements in respect of OSE Immunotherapeutics. They do not constitute historical facts. These information and statements include financial projections that are based upon certain assumptions and assessments made by OSE Immunotherapeutics’ management considering its experience and its perception of historical trends  current economic and industry conditions  expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'KOL Webinar', 'ECCO', 'Lusvertikimab', 'Future', 'IBD', 'Sylvie Détry sylvie', 'FP2COM Florence Portejoie fportejoie', 'U.S. Media Contact', 'latest clinical trial results', 'French Media Contact', 'key opinion leaders', 'Prof Laurent Peyrin-Biroulet', 'Nancy University Hospital', 'Prof Arnaud Bourreille', 'Prof Vipul Jairath', 'leading academic institutions', 'Rooney Partners LLC', 'unmet patient needs', 'Inflammatory Bowel Diseases', 'Nantes University Hospital', 'FULL WEBINAR VIDEO', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics’ management', 'current therapeutic landscape', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics assets', 'patient care', 'class assets', 'serious diseases', 'current research', 'current economic', '6:00pm CET', 'scientific data', 'positive outcomes', 'ulcerative colitis', 'Appareil Digestif', 'Schulich School', 'Nicolas Poirier', 'potential impact', 'I&I', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'transformative medicines', 'Kate Barrette', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'financial projections', 'historical trends', 'industry conditions', 'other factors', 'KOL Webinar', 'biotech company', 'Additional information', 'implied information', 'future developments', 'Associate Professor', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Fiona Olivier', 'ECCO', 'Lusvertikimab', 'IBD', 'France', 'March', 'KOLs', 'UC', 'insights', 'Gastroenterology', 'Maladies', 'Gastroenterologist', 'Dentistry', 'Ontario', 'Canada', 'CEO', 'experts', 'significance', 'advancements', 'overview', 'focus', 's0r9LcSzfDo', 'immuno-oncology', 'immuno-inflammation', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'efforts', 'market', 'people', 'Paris', 'Euronext', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'kbarrette', 'rooneypartners', 'express', 'respect', 'assumptions', 'assessments', 'experience', 'perception']",2025-03-06,2025-03-06,uk.finance.yahoo.com
49217,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/phaxiam-therapeutics-announces-opening-receivership-165600126.html,PHAXIAM Therapeutics Announces the Opening of a Receivership Procedure and the Postponement of its 2024 Financial Results Publication,"PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Euronext: PHXM - FR001400K4B1)  a biopharmaceutical company (""PHAXIAM"" or ""the Company"") developing innovative treatments for severe and resistant bacterial infections  announces that ","LYON  France  March 06  2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Euronext: PHXM - FR001400K4B1)  a biopharmaceutical company (""PHAXIAM"" or ""the Company"") developing innovative treatments for severe and resistant bacterial infections  announces that  following the Company’s request  the Commercial Court of Lyon decided on March 6  2025  to open a judicial receivership procedure.In an extremely challenging financing environment for biotech companies and listed small caps  and after several unsuccessful refinancing attempts  the Company  unable to sufficiently extend its cash runway  finds itself in a funding impasse; the Company is compelled to seek protection under the Commercial Court of Lyon.The Court appointed Maître Joanna ROUSSELET  as judicial administrator.The Company's operations will continue during the observation period  in accordance with legal requirements. Press releases will be published regularly as the procedure moves forward.The publication of the Company’s full year results for the year ended December 31st  2024  originally scheduled for March 13th  2025  according to its financial calendar  has been deferred to March 27th  2025. Given the uncertainty surrounding the outcome of the receivership proceedings and the steps taken by the Company  the trading suspension is maintained until further notice.The Company will continue  as long as it can and in compliance with regulatory frameworks  to provide patients with no therapeutic alternatives its phage-based treatments to fight against severe resistant infections. It will also examine during this period all options allowing the continuation of the activity and the preservation of jobs  particularly as part of a transfer plan.About PHAXIAM TherapeuticsPHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacterial-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400K4B1  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['2024 Financial Results Publication', 'PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'Receivership Procedure', 'Opening', 'Postponement', 'several unsuccessful refinancing attempts', 'Maître Joanna ROUSSELET', 'challenging financing environment', 'many serious infections', 'natural bacterial-killing viruses', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'resistant hospital-acquired infections', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'full year results', 'Euronext regulated market', 'severe resistant infections', 'judicial receivership procedure', 'biotech companies', 'judicial administrator', 'receivership proceedings', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative treatments', 'Commercial Court', 'small caps', 'cash runway', 'funding impasse', 'The Court', 'legal requirements', 'Press releases', 'financial calendar', 'trading suspension', 'regulatory frameworks', 'therapeutic alternatives', 'phage-based treatments', 'transfer plan', 'innovative approach', 'dangerous bacteria', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'Escherichia coli', 'Pseudomonas aeruginosa', 'ISIN code', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'observation period', 'March 13th', 'March 27th', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'LYON', 'France', 'PHXM', 'request', 'protection', 'operations', 'accordance', 'publication', 'uncertainty', 'outcome', 'steps', 'notice', 'compliance', 'patients', 'options', 'continuation', 'activity', 'preservation', 'jobs', 'part', 'phages', 'portfolio', 'two-thirds', 'Paris', 'ticker']",2025-03-06,2025-03-06,finance.yahoo.com
49218,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/publicis-to-acquire-lotame-the-world-s-leading-independent-end-to-end-data-solution-1034448469,Publicis to acquire Lotame the world’s leading independent end-to-end data solution,Publicis to acquire Lotame the world’s leading independent end-to-end data solutionPresent in 109 countries  Lotame is the #1 independent global,Publicis to acquire Lotamethe world’s leading independent end-to-end data solutionPresent in 109 countries  Lotame is the #1 independent global data and identity solution  with more than 1.6 billion IDs and built on 100+ data sources.Combination of Lotame and Epsilon’s identity and data will connect clients to over 90% of consumers worldwide through the Groupe’s CORE AI capability.Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] today announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Lotame  the world’s leading independent identity solution  in an update on its AI strategy presented by Arthur Sadoun (click HERE to see the film).A global leader in data  identity and technology  Lotame is home to one of the largest end-to-end data marketplaces in the world  spanning 109 countries. Its proprietary identity solution delivers consistent and relevant addressable audiences built on 100+ data sources and activated through more than 1.6 billion IDs  for over 4 000 of the world’s leading brands and publishers to leverage at scale and with precision.The combined data and identity assets of Lotame and Publicis Groupe’s 2.3 billion global profiles will enable clients to reach 91% of adult internet users with personalized messaging at scale with even greater accuracy. Concretely  Epsilon and Lotame  will put the leadership of identity-driven marketing in the hands of all our clients through:Expanded Global Identity: The combined footprint of Epsilon and Lotame will expand Groupe’s unique profiles to almost 4 billion  extending global coverage to more than 90% of consumers worldwide. This scale combined with unmatched breadth and depth of data allows marketers to find and activate against the right audiences with even greater accuracy  to engage their consumers in more relevant and meaningful ways.The combined footprint of Epsilon and Lotame will expand Groupe’s unique profiles to almost 4 billion  extending global coverage to more than 90% of consumers worldwide. This scale combined with unmatched breadth and depth of data allows marketers to find and activate against the right audiences with even greater accuracy  to engage their consumers in more relevant and meaningful ways. Talent and Expertise : Lotame’s 19 years of earned data expertise and trusted innovation  coupled with its team of experts across data and identity  will power global and local-market product development  supported by dedicated engineering  partnerships  and operations specialists.: Lotame’s 19 years of earned data expertise and trusted innovation  coupled with its team of experts across data and identity  will power global and local-market product development  supported by dedicated engineering  partnerships  and operations specialists. Regional Product Focus: Lotame will drive APAC and EMEA expansion of Epsilon  continuing to work with publishers  data partners  and brands across the regions. Lotame’s identity solution brings critical interoperability and data connectivity to digital marketers everywhere.Led by Founder and CEO Andy Monfried  Lotame will be positioned as part of Epsilon  accessible to all Publicis clients and teams to enhance their ability to deliver personalized marketing services at scale.Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO Publicis Groupe commented:“In the age of AI  the name of the game is connect or die.By connecting Lotame to Epsilon  we’re reinforcing our industry-leading identity graph  giving clients the unique competitive advantage of seeing and engaging with 91% of all adults who use the internet  safely and transparently.By connecting that best-in-class identity to our clients’ data thanks to AI  and leveraging it across their marketing spectrum  from their PESO media ecosystem to content production  all in their owned environments  we are truly delivering measurable outcomes for their business.It’s how we are making CoreAI a reality  and how we’ve built a category of one for Publicis that means today we are the world’s largest advertising group  leading the industry on every KPI.As we continue to invest in the products  services and talent that drive differentiation and growth for our clients  I couldn’t be happier to welcome Andy and the outstanding teams at Lotame on board.”Andy Monfried  Lotame CEO said: “We have a rich history of innovation  building out our global data marketplace and scaling our identity solution to become among the most trusted and adopted in the industry. We are beyond thrilled to join Publicis Groupe  who shares our commitment to industry interoperability  connectivity  and privacy. Together with Epsilon  we look forward to delivering the next chapter of connected identity for Publicis.”This acquisition remains subject to customary conditions to closing and is expected to close early in the second quarter of 2025.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter|Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Instagram|Viva la Difference!Publicis Groupe ContactsAmy Hadfield Director of Global Communications +33 (0)1 44 43 70 75 amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.com Michelle McGowan Corporate Communications +1 312 315 5259 michelle.mcgowan@publicisgroupe.com Eleanor Conroy Corporate Communications +447736746466 eleanor.conroy@publicisgroupe.com,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['leading independent end', 'end data solution', 'Publicis', 'Lotame', 'world', 'leading independent identity solution', 'leading independent end', 'local-market product development', 'Regional Product Focus', 'PESO media ecosystem', 'largest advertising group', 'unique competitive advantage', 'adult internet users', 'industry-leading identity graph', '100+ data sources', 'CORE AI capability', 'end data marketplaces', 'proprietary identity solution', 'end data solution', 'CEO Andy Monfried', 'relevant addressable audiences', 'global data marketplace', 'personalized marketing services', '2.3 billion global profiles', 'CEO Publicis Groupe', 'largest end', 'unique profiles', 'leading brands', 'personalized messaging', '1.6 billion IDs', 'right audiences', 'identity-driven marketing', 'marketing spectrum', 'marketing transfo', 'Euronext Paris', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'global leader', 'identity assets', 'greater accuracy', 'Global Identity', 'combined footprint', 'global coverage', 'unmatched breadth', 'meaningful ways', 'dedicated engineering', 'operations specialists', 'EMEA expansion', 'critical interoperability', 'class identity', 'content production', 'measurable outcomes', 'rich history', 'next chapter', 'connected identity', 'customary conditions', 'second quarter', 'The Power', 'value chain', 'combined data', 'data partners', 'The Groupe', 'AI strategy', 'Lotame CEO', 'trusted innovation', 'data expertise', 'outstanding teams', 'data connectivity', 'digital marketers', 'industry interoperability', 'clients’ data', 'Publicis clients', 'world', '109 countries', 'Combination', 'Epsilon', 'consumers', 'CAC', 'agreement', 'update', 'film', 'technology', 'consistent', 'publishers', 'scale', 'precision', 'leadership', 'hands', 'Expanded', 'depth', 'Talent', '19 years', 'experts', 'partnerships', 'APAC', 'regions', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'name', 'game', 'adults', 'environments', 'business', 'CoreAI', 'category', 'KPI', 'products', 'differentiation', 'growth', 'board', 'commitment', 'privacy', 'acquisition', 'communication', 'step', 'consulting', 'execution']",2025-03-06,2025-03-06,markets.businessinsider.com
49219,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.oedigital.com/news/523186-constellation-starts-trading-on-euronext-growth-oslo-exchange,Constellation Starts Trading on Euronext Growth Oslo Exchange,Constellation  an offshore oil and gas drilling services provider in Brazil  has started trading on Euronext Growth Oslo  under the ticker symbol,Constellation  an offshore oil and gas drilling services provider in Brazil  has started trading on Euronext Growth Oslo  under the ticker symbol ‘COSH’.Constellation holds about one fifth of Brazil’s country’s offshore drilling market.Constellation  with 1 800 employees and a 45-year track record  holds about one fifth of Brazil’s offshore drilling market  the company claims.It is currently in the first quartile of Petrobras’ ranking of drilling contractors  operating all its rigs under one single hub in Brazil.Constellation’s shares will trade under the ticker COSH  marking a significant step in the company’s growth trajectory and reinforcing its commitment to governance  transparency and sustainable growth.“The listing on Euronext Growth Oslo is a significant milestone for Constellation and reflects the confidence that investors have in our business model  operational efficiency and cash generation capacity. With a robust backlog of approximately $2.1 billion  we ensure financial predictability and opportunities for sustainable growth ” said Rodrigo Ribeiro  CEO of Constellation.The company’s capital allocation and financial strategy is focused on prioritizing debt reduction  dividend payment upon deleveraging  and maintaining flexibility to pursue value-adding growth opportunities.Constellation has 1 519 918 308 outstanding shares and has not raised capital as part of the listing. The listing on Euronext Growth is for a portion of Constellation’s total shares that are registered in Euronext Securities Oslo (VPS) through Norwegian Depository Receipts (NDRs).,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Oslo Exchange', 'Constellation', 'Trading', 'gas drilling services provider', '45-year track record', 'cash generation capacity', 'Norwegian Depository Receipts', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'offshore drilling market', 'one single hub', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'value-adding growth opportunities', 'drilling contractors', 'offshore oil', 'growth trajectory', 'sustainable growth', 'one fifth', 'first quartile', 'Petrobras’ ranking', 'significant step', 'significant milestone', 'business model', 'operational efficiency', 'robust backlog', 'financial predictability', 'Rodrigo Ribeiro', 'financial strategy', 'debt reduction', 'dividend payment', '1,519,918,308 outstanding shares', 'total shares', 'ticker symbol', 'capital allocation', 'Constellation', 'Brazil', 'trading', 'COSH', 'country', '1,800 employees', 'company', 'rigs', 'commitment', 'governance', 'transparency', 'listing', 'confidence', 'investors', 'CEO', 'deleveraging', 'flexibility', 'part', 'portion', 'VPS', 'NDRs']",2025-03-06,2025-03-06,oedigital.com
49220,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/asm-international-n-v-publishes-164500941.html,ASM International N.V. publishes Annual Report 2024,ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release ...,ASM International NVAlmere  The NetherlandsMarch 6  2025  5.45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today publishes its Annual Report 2024ASM's Annual Report 2024 is available in ESEF reporting package and as a PDF file on the company's website www.asm.com.ASM publishes the Annual Report in accordance with European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) reporting requirements with the format of the report being Extensible Hypertext Markup Language (xHTML). In line with the ESEF requirements  the primary consolidated financial statements have been labelled with XBRL tags.ASM will hold its Annual General Meeting (AGM) on May 12  2025. The AGM agenda with all related documents will be available in due time.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comInvestor relationsValentina FantigrossiT: +31 88 100 8502E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['ASM International N.V.', 'Annual Report', 'Extensible Hypertext Markup Language', 'Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'primary consolidated financial statements', 'ASM International N.V.', 'ASM International NV Almere', 'common stock trades', 'Valentina Fantigrossi T', 'Annual General Meeting', 'ESEF reporting package', 'The AGM agenda', 'market acceptance', 'reporting requirements', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Annual Report', 'PDF file', 'ESEF requirements', 'XBRL tags', 'related documents', 'due time', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'future developments', 'The Netherlands', 'The Company', 'media relations', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'Investor relations', 'March', 'CET', 'website', 'accordance', 'xHTML', 'line', 'May', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'Contact', '5.45']",2025-03-06,2025-03-06,uk.finance.yahoo.com
49221,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2025/03/06/bitwise-debuts-bitcoin-and-gold-etp-in-europe,Bitwise Debuts Bitcoin and Gold ETP in Europe,The Bitwise Diaman Bitcoin & Gold ETP (BTCG)  which commenced trading on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam on Thursday  replicates the Diaman Bitcoin and Gold Index.,Asset manager Bitwise has unveiled an exchange-traded product (ETP) tracking bitcoin (BTC) and gold.The Bitwise Diaman Bitcoin & Gold ETP (BTCG)  which commenced trading on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam on Thursday  replicates the Diaman Bitcoin and Gold Index.STORY CONTINUES BELOW Don't miss another story. Subscribe to the Crypto Daybook Americas Newsletter today . See all newsletters Sign me up By signing up  you will receive emails about CoinDesk products and you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy .The index dynamically reallocates value between BTC and gold  depending on the risk-adjusted performance of bitcoin  thus taking advantage of cyclical trends between risk-on and risk-off behavior in financial markets.While bitcoin is often described as a form of digital gold  it often tracks risk assets like tech stocks rather than the yellow metal.For example  gold ascended to record highs in February amid concerns about U.S. President Trump's tariff plans. BTC  on the other hand  fell nearly 17%.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.1,0.31,0.59,True,English,"['Gold ETP', 'Bitwise', 'Bitcoin', 'Europe', 'Crypto Daybook Americas Newsletter', 'U.S. President Trump', 'The Bitwise Diaman Bitcoin', 'Asset manager', 'exchange-traded product', 'Euronext Paris', 'CoinDesk products', 'privacy policy', 'risk-adjusted performance', 'cyclical trends', 'financial markets', 'tech stocks', 'yellow metal', 'tariff plans', 'other hand', 'Gold ETP', 'digital gold', 'risk assets', 'Gold Index', 'BTC', 'trading', 'Amsterdam', 'Thursday', 'STORY', 'newsletters', 'emails', 'terms', 'use', 'value', 'advantage', 'behavior', 'example', 'highs', 'February', 'concerns']",2025-03-06,2025-03-06,coindesk.com
