UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57264,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cboe-clear-europe-to-expand-securities-financing-transactions-clearing-into-fixed-income-302844718.html,Cboe Clear Europe to Expand Securities Financing Transactions Clearing into Fixed Income,Service expected to launch on August 24  covering EU  Swiss  UK and U.S. government and corporate bonds Builds on successful launch of SFT service in 2025  initially covering European equities and ETFs Demonstrates Cboe's commitment to enhancing its global cl…,"Service expected to launch on August 24  covering EU  Swiss  UK and U.S. government and corporate bondsBuilds on successful launch of SFT service in 2025  initially covering European equities and ETFsDemonstrates Cboe's commitment to enhancing its global clearing servicesAMSTERDAM  Aug. 6  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Cboe Global Markets  Inc. (Cboe: CBOE)  a leading global markets operator and pioneer in equity and index derivatives  today announced that Cboe Clear Europe  its pan-European clearing house  plans to expand its Securities Financing Transactions (SFT) clearing service to include the lending of Fixed Income instruments1 beginning August 24 - a significant milestone in the firm's strategy to bring the benefits of central clearing to the global securities lending market.The service will include certain EU  Swiss and UK government and corporate bonds for all lenders and borrowers  along with U.S. Treasuries and U.S. corporate bonds for non-U.S. lenders and borrowers. Settlement will take place via Euroclear Bank for European and Swiss instruments  CREST for UK instruments  the Federal Reserve for U.S. Treasuries  and the Depository Trust Company for U.S. corporate bonds.""The addition of Fixed Income securities is a natural extension of our SFT clearing service and another transformational development for the lending community  creating new opportunities for participants to optimise their portfolios "" said Vikesh Patel  Global Head of Clearing and President  Cboe Clear Europe. ""We've seen strong demand from the SFT industry seeking greater capital efficiency and lower risk-weighted asset exposures across their equity and ETF portfolios  and they are looking to extend those benefits globally and across asset classes. It demonstrates Cboe's continued investment in expanding its global clearing business to help unlock greater capital efficiencies for market participants.""The expansion builds on the successful launch of Cboe Clear Europe's SFT clearing service in 2025  which initially covered lending European cash equities and ETFs across 19 European Central Securities Depositories. Since going live  the service has been adopted by a range of principal lenders  agent lenders - representing both UCITS and non-UCITS beneficial owners - and borrowers  with daily notional outstanding loan values of €9 billion2 and over 1 000 settlements per day3.By moving SFTs from a bilateral to a centrally cleared model  the service can help participants improve balance sheet efficiencies while simplifying a range of post-trade operations  including settlement  reporting and client onboarding.Jan Treuren  Head of Product  Cboe Clear Europe  said: ""Participant appetite for a single  globally consistent clearing framework for securities lending continues to grow as demonstrated by increased utilization rates for lenders. By bringing the capital efficiency  operational simplicity and risk management benefits we've delivered in European equities and ETFs to new asset classes  we're taking a major step toward building the leading securities lending clearing ecosystem.""Cboe's clearing arms  Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe Clear U.S. (CCUS)  complements its markets across options  futures  U.S. and European equities  FX  and U.S. Treasuries. Cboe Clear Europe provides clearing for European cash equities and SFTs  while CCUS currently clears digital asset futures listed on Cboe Futures Exchange and expects to further expand its capabilities to support clearing across both established and emerging asset classes in the future.About Cboe Global MarketsCboe Global Markets (Cboe: CBOE) is a leading global markets operator with a long history of innovation in equity and index derivatives. Since launching the world's first listed options exchange in 1973  Cboe has pioneered landmark products  including the introduction of S&P 500® index options and the creation of the VIX® Index  the world's leading gauge of market volatility  reshaping how investors manage risk and access opportunity. Today  Cboe operates derivatives  equities  and FX markets  providing trading  clearing  and investment solutions for customers worldwide. To learn more  visit www.cboe.com.CBOE-CCBOE-OECboe®  Cboe Global Markets®  Cboe Clear®  and VIX® are registered trademarks or service marks of Cboe Exchange  Inc and S&P 500® is a registered trademark of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking InformationCertain information contained in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date made and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.___________________ 1 Contact Cboe Clear Europe for the full list of fixed income eligibility criteria: [email protected] 2 Outstanding loan values reached €9.0bn on 31 July  2026 with high watermark of €9.5bn on May 7  2026 3 Average daily settlement volume during July 2026SOURCE Cboe Global Markets  Inc.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Securities Financing Transactions', 'Fixed Income', 'Cboe', 'Europe', 'single, globally consistent clearing framework', 'daily notional outstanding loan values', 'leading securities lending clearing ecosystem', 'lower risk-weighted asset exposures', 'fixed income eligibility criteria', 'Average daily settlement volume', 'first listed options exchange', 'leading global markets operator', '19 European Central Securities Depositories', 'global securities lending market', 'Contact Cboe Clear Europe', 'U.S. corporate bonds', 'lending European cash equities', 'S&P 500® index options', 'Fixed Income securities', 'Fixed Income instruments1', 'Securities Financing Transactions', 'Depository Trust Company', 'balance sheet efficiencies', 'Financial Services LLC', 'U.S. Treasuries', 'global clearing services', 'global clearing business', 'greater capital efficiencies', 'emerging asset classes', 'pan-European clearing house', 'digital asset futures', 'U.S. government', 'greater capital efficiency', 'new asset classes', 'Cboe Global Markets', 'UCITS beneficial owners', 'Cboe Futures Exchange', 'SFT) clearing service', 'SFT clearing service', 'risk management benefits', 'leading gauge', 'central clearing', 'lending community', 'Cboe Exchange', 'European equities', 'Global Head', 'market volatility', 'SFT industry', 'clearing arms', 'SFT service', 'new opportunities', 'respective owners', 'FX markets', 'UK government', 'successful launch', 'significant milestone', 'Euroclear Bank', 'Federal Reserve', 'natural extension', 'transformational development', 'Vikesh Patel', 'strong demand', 'market participants', 'cleared model', 'post-trade operations', 'client onboarding', 'Jan Treuren', 'Participant appetite', 'utilization rates', 'operational simplicity', 'major step', 'long history', 'landmark products', 'Cautionary Statements', 'Forward-Looking Information', 'Certain information', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'undue reliance', 'full list', 'high watermark', 'service marks', 'VIX® Index', 'Swiss instruments', 'UK instruments', 'index derivatives', 'ETF portfolios', 'investment solutions', 'other trademarks', 'principal lenders', 'agent lenders', 'EU, Swiss', 'Cboe®', 'August', 'ETFs', 'commitment', 'AMSTERDAM', 'PRNewswire', 'pioneer', 'equity', 'firm', 'strategy', 'borrowers', 'place', 'CREST', 'addition', 'President', 'expansion', 'range', '1,000 settlements', 'day', 'SFTs', 'bilateral', 'reporting', 'CCUS', 'capabilities', 'established', 'innovation', 'world', 'introduction', 'creation', 'investors', 'access', 'opportunity', 'customers', 'CBOE-C', 'CBOE-OE', 'registered', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'property', 'readers', 'date', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', '31 July', 'May']",2026-08-06,2026-08-07,prnewswire.com
57265,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/08/06/3340518/0/en/Euronext-announces-volumes-for-July-2026.html,Euronext announces volumes for July 2026,Euronext announces volumes for July 2026  Amsterdam  Athens  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 6 August 2026– Euronext  the leading...,Euronext announces volumes for July 2026Amsterdam  Athens  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris 6 August 2026 Euronext  the leading European capital market infrastructure  today announce… [+4484 chars],neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'July', 'leading European capital market infrastructure', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'July', 'Amsterdam', 'Athens', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '4484 chars']",2026-08-06,2026-08-07,globenewswire.com
57266,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/08/06/3340172/0/en/argenx-Announces-Commencement-of-Tender-Offer-to-Acquire-Forte-Biosciences-Inc.html,argenx Announces Commencement of Tender Offer to Acquire Forte Biosciences  Inc.,August 6  2026 – 7:45 AM ET  Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology innovation company today announced that...,August 6  2026 7:45 AM ETAmsterdam  the Netherlands argenx (Euronext &amp; Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology innovation company today announced that Avena Merger Sub Inc. (Purchaser)  a wholly-o… [+12673 chars],neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Tender Offer', 'Forte Biosciences', 'argenx', 'Commencement', 'global immunology innovation company', 'Avena Merger Sub Inc', 'Netherlands argenx', 'Amsterdam', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'Purchaser', '2673 chars']",2026-08-06,2026-08-07,globenewswire.com
57267,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/08/06/3339916/0/en/IBA-Notice-of-Half-Year-2026-Results-and-Conference-Call.html,IBA Notice of Half Year 2026 Results and Conference Call,HY26 results webcast to take place on Thursday  27 August 2026 at 3 p.m. CEST  Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  6 August 2026  7 a.m. - IBA (Ion Beam...,HY26 results webcast to take place on Thursday  27 August 2026 at 3 p.m. CESTLouvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  6 August 2026 7 a.m. - IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in partic… [+1823 chars],neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Half Year 2026 Results', 'IBA Notice', 'Conference Call', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'HY26 results webcast', 'August 2026,7 a', 'world leader', 'place', 'Thursday', 'CEST', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'IBA', 'EURONEXT', '1823 chars']",2026-08-06,2026-08-07,globenewswire.com
57268,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-announces-start-of-its-additional-share-buyback-program-of-250-million-302844622.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Announces Start of its Additional Share Buyback Program of €250 Million,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 6  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced the start of its additional share buyback program to repurchase the Company's own shares for an aggregate amount of €250 million. The …","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 6  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced the start of its additional share buyback program to repurchase the Company's own shares for an aggregate amount of €250 million. The additional program will be executed within the existing share repurchase authorization provided to the Board of Directors of the Company  as granted at the UMG Annual General Meeting held on May 13  2026. The additional program was previously communicated by the Company on April 29  2026.Trading decisions will be made independently of UMG in accordance with an arrangement entered into by UMG with a single broker for the purchase of UMG´s shares on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange  Turquoise Europe  Aquis Exchange Europe and CBOE Europe Limited. The share buyback program will be effected within certain contractually agreed parameters and is expected to be completed no later than September 10  2026.The maximum number of shares to be repurchased as part of the share buyback program is 25 000 000 shares.The Company shall use the repurchased shares to meet its obligations under the 2022 Universal Music Group Global Equity Plan  and subplans thereof (""the equity plan"")  and/or to reduce the share capital of the Company. The maximum number of shares that can be used for purposes of the equity plan will remain unchanged. The share buyback program may be suspended  modified  or discontinued at any time.The share buyback program will be conducted in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (""the Market Abuse Regulation"") and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended)  including compliance with safe harbour provisions for such programs. The Company will inform the market of the progress of the program through regular press releases and updates on its website.Cautionary NoticeThis press release is published by Universal Music Group N.V. and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with respect to UMG´s financial condition  results of operations  business  strategy and plans. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as ´profit forecast´  ´expect´  ´estimate´  ´project´  ´anticipate´  ´should´  ´intend´  ´plan´  ´probability´  ´risk´  ´target´  ´aspiration´  ´objective´  ´will´  ´endeavour´  ´optimistic´  ´prospects´  ´outlook´ and similar expressions or variations on such expressions or the negative of such expressions. Although UMG believes that such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  they are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are related to factors that are outside UMG´s control  including  but not limited to  UMG´s inability to compete successfully and to identify  attract  sign and retain successful recording artists and songwriters  failure of streaming and subscription adoption or revenue to grow or to grow less rapidly than anticipated  UMG´s reliance on digital service providers  UMG´s inability to execute its business strategy  the global nature of UMG´s operations  changes in global economic and financial conditions  UMG´s inability to protect its intellectual property and against piracy  challenges related to generative AI  UMG´s inability to attract and retain key personnel  UMG´s restructuring and reorganization activities  UMG´s acquisitions and other investments  changes in laws and regulations (and UMG´s compliance therewith)  and the other risks that have been described in the 2025 annual report. Accordingly  UMG cautions readers against placing undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release. UMG disclaims any intention or obligation to provide  update or revise any such forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group (EURONEXT: UMG)  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information on Universal Music Group N.V. visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Additional Share Buyback Program', 'Start', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', '2022 Universal Music Group Global Equity Plan', 'existing share repurchase authorization', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'UMG Annual General Meeting', 'additional share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Aquis Exchange Europe', 'safe harbour provisions', 'digital service providers', 'CBOE Europe Limited', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'regular press releases', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'successful recording artists', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'music publishing', 'global nature', 'global economic', 'additional program', 'share capital', '2025 annual report', 'Turquoise Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'aggregate amount', 'Trading decisions', 'single broker', 'Cautionary Notice', 'financial condition', 'profit forecast', 'reasonable assumptions', 'future performance', 'subscription adoption', 'intellectual property', 'generative AI', 'key personnel', 'reorganization activities', 'other investments', 'future events', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begu', 'maximum number', 'inside information', 'new information', 'business models', 'Actual results', 'other risks', 'undue reliance', 'world leader', 'similar expressions', 'business strategy', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'start', 'shares', 'Board', 'Directors', 'May', 'April', 'accordance', 'arrangement', 'parameters', 'September', 'part', 'obligations', 'subplans', 'purposes', 'time', 'compliance', 'programs', 'progress', 'updates', 'website', 'meaning', 'article', 'respect', 'operations', 'words', 'project', 'probability', 'target', 'aspiration', 'prospects', 'outlook', 'variations', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties', 'factors', 'control', 'inability', 'songwriters', 'failure', 'streaming', 'revenue', 'changes', 'piracy', 'challenges', 'restructuring', 'acquisitions', 'laws', 'regulations', 'readers', 'intention', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'universalmusic', 'Investors', '´']",2026-08-06,2026-08-07,prnewswire.com
57269,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-announces-start-of-its-additional-share-buyback-program-of-250-million-302844614.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Announces Start of its Additional Share Buyback Program of €250 Million,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 6  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced the start of its additional share buyback program to repurchase the Company's own shares for an aggregate amount of €250 million. The …","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 6  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced the start of its additional share buyback program to repurchase the Company's own shares for an aggregate amount of €250 million. The additional program will be executed within the existing share repurchase authorization provided to the Board of Directors of the Company  as granted at the UMG Annual General Meeting held on May 13  2026. The additional program was previously communicated by the Company on April 29  2026.Trading decisions will be made independently of UMG in accordance with an arrangement entered into by UMG with a single broker for the purchase of UMG´s shares on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange  Turquoise Europe  Aquis Exchange Europe and CBOE Europe Limited. The share buyback program will be effected within certain contractually agreed parameters and is expected to be completed no later than September 10  2026.The maximum number of shares to be repurchased as part of the share buyback program is 25 000 000 shares.The Company shall use the repurchased shares to meet its obligations under the 2022 Universal Music Group Global Equity Plan  and subplans thereof (""the equity plan"")  and/or to reduce the share capital of the Company. The maximum number of shares that can be used for purposes of the equity plan will remain unchanged. The share buyback program may be suspended  modified  or discontinued at any time.The share buyback program will be conducted in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (""the Market Abuse Regulation"") and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended)  including compliance with safe harbour provisions for such programs. The Company will inform the market of the progress of the program through regular press releases and updates on its website.Cautionary NoticeThis press release is published by Universal Music Group N.V. and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with respect to UMG´s financial condition  results of operations  business  strategy and plans. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as ´profit forecast´  ´expect´  ´estimate´  ´project´  ´anticipate´  ´should´  ´intend´  ´plan´  ´probability´  ´risk´  ´target´  ´aspiration´  ´objective´  ´will´  ´endeavour´  ´optimistic´  ´prospects´  ´outlook´ and similar expressions or variations on such expressions or the negative of such expressions. Although UMG believes that such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  they are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are related to factors that are outside UMG´s control  including  but not limited to  UMG´s inability to compete successfully and to identify  attract  sign and retain successful recording artists and songwriters  failure of streaming and subscription adoption or revenue to grow or to grow less rapidly than anticipated  UMG´s reliance on digital service providers  UMG´s inability to execute its business strategy  the global nature of UMG´s operations  changes in global economic and financial conditions  UMG´s inability to protect its intellectual property and against piracy  challenges related to generative AI  UMG´s inability to attract and retain key personnel  UMG´s restructuring and reorganization activities  UMG´s acquisitions and other investments  changes in laws and regulations (and UMG´s compliance therewith)  and the other risks that have been described in the 2025 annual report. Accordingly  UMG cautions readers against placing undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release. UMG disclaims any intention or obligation to provide  update or revise any such forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group (EURONEXT: UMG)  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information on Universal Music Group N.V. visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Additional Share Buyback Program', 'Start', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', '2022 Universal Music Group Global Equity Plan', 'existing share repurchase authorization', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'UMG Annual General Meeting', 'additional share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Aquis Exchange Europe', 'safe harbour provisions', 'digital service providers', 'CBOE Europe Limited', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'regular press releases', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'successful recording artists', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'music publishing', 'global nature', 'global economic', 'additional program', 'share capital', '2025 annual report', 'Turquoise Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'aggregate amount', 'Trading decisions', 'single broker', 'Cautionary Notice', 'financial condition', 'profit forecast', 'reasonable assumptions', 'future performance', 'subscription adoption', 'intellectual property', 'generative AI', 'key personnel', 'reorganization activities', 'other investments', 'future events', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begu', 'maximum number', 'inside information', 'new information', 'business models', 'Actual results', 'other risks', 'undue reliance', 'world leader', 'similar expressions', 'business strategy', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'start', 'shares', 'Board', 'Directors', 'May', 'April', 'accordance', 'arrangement', 'parameters', 'September', 'part', 'obligations', 'subplans', 'purposes', 'time', 'compliance', 'programs', 'progress', 'updates', 'website', 'meaning', 'article', 'respect', 'operations', 'words', 'project', 'probability', 'target', 'aspiration', 'prospects', 'outlook', 'variations', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties', 'factors', 'control', 'inability', 'songwriters', 'failure', 'streaming', 'revenue', 'changes', 'piracy', 'challenges', 'restructuring', 'acquisitions', 'laws', 'regulations', 'readers', 'intention', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'universalmusic', 'Investors', '´']",2026-08-06,2026-08-07,prnewswire.com
57270,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-tender-offer-to-purchase-50-000-000-of-tetragon-non-voting-shares-302844049.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Tender Offer to Purchase $50 000 000 of Tetragon Non-Voting Shares,LONDON  Aug. 6  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon today announces the commencement of a tender offer to purchase a portion of its outstanding non-voting shares for a maximum aggregate payment of $50 000 000 in cash. The tender offer  which was initially announced…,"LONDON  Aug. 6  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon today announces the commencement of a tender offer to purchase a portion of its outstanding non-voting shares for a maximum aggregate payment of $50 000 000 in cash. The tender offer  which was initially announced by Tetragon on 29 July 2026  will be conducted as a ""modified Dutch auction"" with shareholders able to tender their Tetragon non-voting shares at prices ranging from and including $12.75 up to and including $14.75 per share. The tender offer is expected to expire at 11:59 p.m. (ET) on 3 September 2026  unless extended or terminated earlier. J.P. Morgan Securities plc (which conducts its U.K. investment banking business as J.P. Morgan Cazenove)  or J.P. Morgan  will act as dealer manager for the tender offer and Computershare Investor Services PLC  or Computershare  will act as tender agent for the tender offer.Eligible shareholders will be able to indicate how many Tetragon non-voting shares and at what price or prices within the specified range they wish to tender. Based on the number of shares tendered and the prices specified by the tendering shareholders  J.P. Morgan  as dealer manager  will determine the lowest price per share within the range that will enable Tetragon to purchase $50 000 000 in value of Tetragon non-voting shares  or a lower amount if the tender offer is not fully subscribed. All shares purchased by Tetragon in the tender offer will be purchased at the same price. If  based on the determined purchase price  more than $50 000 000 in value of shares are properly tendered and not properly withdrawn  valid tenders made below the determined purchase price will be accepted in full  except in the limited circumstances described below  while valid tenders made at the determined purchase price will be subject to proration. However  if the pro rata reduction of the number of shares eligible to be purchased at the determined purchase price is insufficient to reduce the value of the shares to be purchased to $50 000 000  then none of the shares tendered at the determined purchase price will be purchased  and instead there will be a pro rata reduction in the purchase of shares tendered at the next highest price below the determined purchase price to the extent necessary to reduce the value of shares purchased to $50 000 000. The determined purchase price  as well as the proration factor (if applicable)  is expected to be announced on or about 4 September 2026  and Tetragon expects the purchase of shares in the tender offer would be settled promptly thereafter.The tender offer is not conditioned upon the receipt of any minimum number of shares being tendered.This release is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to buy nor the solicitation of an offer to sell any shares of Tetragon. The full details of the tender offer  including complete instructions on how to tender shares  are included in the offer to purchase which is available on Tetragon's website at the following URL:tetragoninv.com/shareholders/share-repurchases/Shareholders should read carefully the offer to purchase because it contains important information. Shareholders may obtain electronic copies of this document free of charge by calling Computershare at +44 37 0707 4040. Shareholders are urged to read these materials carefully prior to making any decision with respect to the tender offer.Contacts:Computershare: +44 37 0707 4040About Tetragon:Tetragon Financial Group is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at tetragoninv.com/shareholders.Tetragon's non-voting shares are subject to restrictions on ownership by U.S. persons and are not intended for European retail investors. Please see: tetragoninv.com/shareholders/additional-info/.Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomas[email protected]Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners[email protected]U.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115Forward-Looking Statements:This press release contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are made based upon Tetragon's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting Tetragon and therefore involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance  and Tetragon's actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity may differ materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the day they are made and Tetragon does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements unless required by law.This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of assimilated EU MAR as it forms part of the law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.ANY DECISION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE TENDER OFFER SHOULD ONLY BE MADE ON THE BASIS OF AN INDEPENDENT REVIEW BY AN ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDER OF TETRAGON'S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. NEITHER J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM THE USE OF  OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF  THIS ANNOUNCEMENT OR TETRAGON'S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE IN ITS ENTIRETY WITHOUT NOTICE UP TO THE CLOSING DATE.In the United Kingdom  this announcement is being distributed to  and is directed at  only (a) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of ""investment professionals"" in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended; (b) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005; or (c) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in an investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the tender offer may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The tender offer is available only to relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement or any of its contents. Persons distributing this announcement must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so.J.P. Morgan Securities plc  which is authorised by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for Tetragon and for no one else in connection with the tender offer and will not be responsible to anyone (whether or not recipient of the tender offer) other than Tetragon for providing the protections afforded to the clients of J.P. Morgan Securities plc or for providing advice in relation to the tender offer.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.05,0.18,0.77,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Tetragon Non-Voting Shares', 'Tender Offer', 'J.P. Morgan Securities plc', 'U.K. investment banking business', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'J.P. Morgan Cazenove', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'many Tetragon non-voting shares', 'maximum aggregate payment', 'pro rata reduction', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'European retail investors', 'U.S. persons', 'next highest price', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'London Stock Exchange', 'outstanding non-voting shares', 'Tetragon Financial Group', 'determined purchase price', 'investment manager', 'financial condition', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'lowest price', 'same price', 'Dutch auction', 'dealer manager', 'tender agent', 'lower amount', 'valid tenders', 'limited circumstances', 'informational purposes', 'full details', 'complete instructions', 'following URL', 'electronic copies', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'tender offer', 'proration factor', 'important information', 'press release', 'minimum number', 'Eligible shareholders', 'tendering shareholders', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'portion', 'cash', '29 July', 'prices', '3 September', 'range', 'value', 'none', 'extent', '4 September', 'receipt', 'solicitation', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'repurchases', 'document', 'charge', 'materials', 'decision', 'respect', 'Contacts', 'restrictions', 'ownership', 'matters', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'guarantees', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'day', 'law', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', '11:59']",2026-08-06,2026-08-07,prnewswire.com
