UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
40881,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-Dividend-announcement-46719900/,Deutsche Börse : Dividend announcement,(marketscreener.com)   CONVENIENCE TRANSLATION   ONLY THE GERMAN VERSION IS BINDING   Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft   Frankfurt am Main    WKN 581005 / ISIN DE0005810055 - Dividend Announcement    On 14 May 2024  the Annual...https://ww…,"CONVENIENCE TRANSLATIONONLY THE GERMAN VERSION IS BINDINGDeutsche Börse AktiengesellschaftFrankfurt am MainWKN 581005 / ISIN DE0005810055 - Dividend AnnouncementOn 14 May 2024  the Annual General Meeting of Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft decided to use the unappropriated surplus for the financial year 2023 ofEUR 1 060 000 000.00 to distribute an amount of EUR 697 765 777.40  i.e. a dividend of EUR 3.80 for each no-par value share carrying dividend rights  and to allocate an amount of EUR 362 234 222.60 to ""other retained earnings"".The full text of the resolution can be found in the adjusted version of the proposed resolution on agenda item 2 of the notice of the Annual General Meeting published on the Company's website and as announced at the Annual General Meeting on 14 May 2024.The dividend will be paid by Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft  via the custodian banks  from 17 May 2024. Commerzbank AG  Frankfurt/Main  will act as central paying agent.For shares which are held in custody in Germany  the dividend will be paid net after a25 percent deduction for capital gains tax  a 5.5 percent deduction for the solidarity surcharge and  if applicable  a deduction for church tax on capital gains tax by the German custodian bank. Withholdings are operated by the German custodian bank. If the shares are held in custody with a bank or an intermediate depository outside Germany  the withholding of capital gains tax plus solidarity surcharge (total deduction 26.375 percent) is made by the last domestic bank which is generally Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft.For domestic shareholders  the payment of the dividend will be made without deduction ofcapital gains tax  solidarity surcharge and  if applicable  church tax if they have submitted a non-assessment certificate (Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung) from the competent tax",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Dividend announcement', 'Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft', 'Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'Annual General Meeting', 'par value share', 'other retained earnings', 'central paying agent', 'last domestic bank', 'German custodian bank', 'capital gains tax', 'custodian banks', 'domestic shareholders', 'church tax', 'competent tax', 'GERMAN VERSION', 'CONVENIENCE TRANSLATION', 'unappropriated surplus', 'financial year', 'full text', 'agenda item', 'Commerzbank AG', 'solidarity surcharge', 'intermediate depository', 'assessment certificate', 'total deduction', 'Dividend Announcement', 'dividend rights', '25 percent deduction', '5.5 percent deduction', '26.375 percent', 'WKN', 'ISIN', '14 May', 'amount', 'resolution', 'notice', 'Company', 'website', '17 May', 'Frankfurt/Main', 'shares', 'custody', 'Germany', 'Withholdings', 'payment', 'Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40882,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMERICAN-ELECTRIC-POWER-C-11546/news/American-Electric-Power-5-65-Senior-Notes-Series-T-due-2034-46720325/,American Electric Power : 5.65% Senior Notes  Series T  due 2034,(marketscreener.com)   Prospectus Supplement      $350 000 000   OHIO POWER COMPANY   5.65% Senior Notes  Series T  due 2034   ___________________________   Interest on the Series T Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1...htt…,"Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus dated December 12  2023) $350 000 000 OHIO POWER COMPANY 5.65% Senior Notes  Series T  due 2034 ___________________________ Interest on the Series T Notes (the ""Senior Notes"") is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year  beginning December 1  2024. The Senior Notes will mature on June 1  2034. We may redeem the Senior Notes either in whole or in part at our option at any time  and from time to time  at the applicable redemption price described below under ""Supplemental Description of the Senior Notes-Optional Redemption"" on page S-5of this prospectus supplement. The Senior Notes do not have the benefit of a sinking fund. The Senior Notes are unsecured and rank equally with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding and will be effectively subordinated to all of our secured debt  to the extent of the assets securing such debt. We will issue the Senior Notes only in registered form in minimum denominations of $2 000 and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof. __________________________________ Per Senior Note Total Public offering price(1) 99.789% $ 349 261 500 Underwriting discount 0.650% $ 2 275 000 Proceeds  before expenses  to Ohio Power Company 99.139% $ 346 986 500 (1)Plus accrued interest  if any  from May 6  2024. _____________________________________ INVESTING IN THESE NOTES INVOLVES RISKS. SEE THE SECTION ENTITLED ""RISK FACTORS"" ON PAGE S-3OF THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT FOR MORE INFORMATION. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Senior Notes or determined that this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The Senior Notes are expected to be delivered in book-entry form only through The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants  including Clearstream Banking S.A. and Euroclear Bank SA/NV  on or about May 6  2024. Joint Book-Running Managers BNY Mellon Capital Scotiabank SMBC Nikko Markets  LLC Co-Manager Ramirez & Co.  Inc. The date of this prospectus supplement is May 2  2024.RISK FACTORS Investing in the Senior Notes involves risk. Please see the risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31  2023 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31  2024  which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Before making an investment decision  you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. The risks and uncertainties described are those presently known to us. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION The SEC allows us to ""incorporate by reference"" the information we file with them  which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus  and later information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede this information. We incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any future filings made with the SEC under Sections 13(a)  13(c)  14  or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (including any documents filed after the date of the initial registration statement and prior to its effectiveness) until we sell all the notes. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023 ; andQuarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31  2024 . You may request a copy of these filings  at no cost  by writing or telephoning us at the following address: Investor Relations American Electric Power Service Corporation 1 Riverside Plaza Columbus  Ohio 43215 614-716-1000 You should rely only on the information incorporated by reference or provided in the accompanying prospectus  this prospectus supplement  or any supplement and in any written communication from us or any underwriter specifying the final terms of the particular offering. We have not authorized anyone else to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these notes in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information in the accompanying prospectus  this prospectus supplement  or any supplement is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of those documents. USE OF PROCEEDS The net proceeds from the sale of the Senior Notes will be used for general corporate purposes relating to our utility business. These purposes may include funding our construction program  repaying advances from affiliates and replenishing working capital. If we do not use the net proceeds immediately  we may temporarily invest them in short-term interest-bearing obligations. As of April 30  2024 advances from affiliates totaled approximately $266 million. S-3SUPPLEMENTAL DESCRIPTION OF THE SENIOR NOTES The following description of the particular terms of the Senior Notes supplements and in certain instances replaces the description of the general terms and provisions of the Senior Notes under ""Description of the Notes"" in the accompanying prospectus. We will issue the Senior Notes under an Indenture  dated as of September 1  1997  between us and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company  N.A  as successor trustee to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (the ""Trustee"")  as supplemented and amended. Principal Amount  Maturity  Interest and Payment The Senior Notes will initially be issued in an aggregate principal amount of $350 000 000. We may at any time and from time to time  without consent of the holders of the Senior Notes  issue additional notes having the same ranking  interest rate  maturity and other terms (other than the date of issuance  issue price and  in some circumstances  the initial interest accrual date and initial interest payment date) as the Senior Notes. These additional notes  together with the Senior Notes  will constitute a single series of notes under the Indenture. The Senior Notes will mature and become due and payable  together with any accrued and unpaid interest  on June 1  2034 and will bear interest at the rate of 5.65% per year from May 6  2024 until June 1  2034. The Senior Notes are not subject to any sinking fund provision. Interest on each Senior Note will be payable semi-annually in arrears on each June 1 and December 1 (the ""Interest Payment Date"") and at redemption  if any  or maturity. The initial Interest Payment Date is December 1  2024. Each payment of interest shall include interest accrued from May 6  2024  or the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date  through the day before the next Interest Payment Date. Interest on the Senior Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. We will pay interest on the Senior Notes (other than interest payable at redemption  if any  or maturity) in immediately available funds to the registered holders of the Senior Notes as of the Regular Record Date (as defined below) for each Interest Payment Date. We will pay the principal amount of the Senior Notes and any premium and interest payable at redemption  if any  or at maturity in immediately available funds delivered to the Trustee  and the Trustee will forward such funds to the applicable depositary for payments to its participants for subsequent disbursement to the beneficial owners of the Senior Notes. See - Global Clearance and Settlement Procedures. The Senior Notes will be issued in minimum denominations of $2 000 and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof. If any Interest Payment Date  redemption date or the maturity is not a Business Day (as defined below)  we will pay all amounts due on the next succeeding Business Day and no additional interest will be paid. The ""Regular Record Date"" will be the May 15 or November 15 prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date (whether or not a Business Day). ""Business Day"" means any day that is not a Saturday or Sunday or any other day on which S-4banking institutions in New York City are authorized or required by law or regulation to close. Optional Redemption We may redeem the Senior Notes at our option at any time upon no more than 60 and not less than 30 days' notice (either by mail or in compliance with the applicable procedures of DTC). Prior to March 1  2034 (three months prior to the maturity date (the ""Par Call Date""))  we may redeem the Senior Notes at our option  in whole or in part  at any time and from time to time  at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the redemption date; andsemi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the redemption date; and 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed plus  in each case  accrued and unpaid interest thereon to  but excluding  the redemption date. On or after the Par Call Date  we may redeem the Senior Notes at our option  in whole or in part  at any time and from time to time  at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed  plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to  but excluding  the redemption date. For purposes of these redemption provisions  the following term has the following meaning. ""Treasury Rate"" means  with respect to any redemption date  the yield determined by us in accordance with the following two paragraphs. The Treasury Rate shall be determined by us after 4:15 p.m.  New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System)  on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as ""Selected Interest Rates (Daily)-H.15"" (or any successor designation or publication) (""H.15"") under the caption ""U.S. government securities-Treasury constant maturities-Nominal"" (or any successor caption or heading) (""H.15 TCM""). In determining the Treasury Rate  we shall select  as applicable: the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the ""Remaining Life""); orif there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life  the two yields-one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life-and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or S-5if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life  the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this clause  the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years  as applicable  of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published  we shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m.  New York City time  on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on  or with a maturity that is closest to the Par Call Date  as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date  but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date  one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date  we shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date  or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence  we shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m.  New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph  the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m.  New York City time  of such United States Treasury security  and rounded to three decimal places. Our actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes  absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty whatsoever to determine  or to verify our calculations of  the redemption price. Limitations on Liens So long as any of our Senior Notes issued pursuant to this prospectus supplement are outstanding  we will not create or suffer to be created or to exist any additional mortgage  pledge  security interest  or other lien (collectively ""Liens"") on any of our utility properties or tangible assets now owned or hereafter acquired to secure any indebtedness for borrowed money (""Secured Debt"")  without providing that such Senior Notes will be similarly secured. This restriction does not apply to our subsidiaries  nor will it prevent any of them from creating or permitting to exist Liens on their property or assets to secure any Secured Debt. In addition  this restriction does not prevent the creation or existence of: Liens on property existing at the time of acquisition or construction of such property (or created within one year after completion of such acquisition or construction)  whether by purchase  merger  construction or otherwise  or to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price or construction cost thereof  including the extension of any Liens to repairs  renewals  replacements  substitutions  betterments  additions  extensions and improvements then or thereafter made on the property subject thereto;Financing of our accounts receivable for electric service;Any extensions  renewals or replacements (or successive extensions  renewals or S-6replacements)  in whole or in part  of liens permitted by the foregoing clauses; and The pledge of any bonds or other securities at any time issued under any of the Secured Debt permitted by the above clauses. In addition to the permitted issuances above  Secured Debt not otherwise so permitted may be issued in an amount that does not exceed 15% of Net Tangible Assets as defined below. ""Net Tangible Assets"" means the total of all assets (including revaluations thereof as a result of commercial appraisals  price level restatement or otherwise) appearing on our balance sheet  net of applicable reserves and deductions  but excluding goodwill  trade names  trademarks  patents  unamortized debt discount and all other like intangible assets (which term shall not be construed to include such revaluations)  less the aggregate of our current liabilities appearing on such balance sheet. For purposes of this definition  our balance sheet does not include assets and liabilities of our subsidiaries. This restriction also will not apply to or prevent the creation or existence of leases made  or existing on property acquired  in the ordinary course of business. The Trustee's offices are now located at 311 South Wacker Drive  Suite 6200B  Floor 62  Chicago  Illinois 60606. Global Clearance and Settlement Procedures Secondary market trading between Clearstream Banking  société anonyme  Luxembourg (""Clearstream"") participants and/or Euroclear Bank SA/NV  as operator of the Euroclear system (""Euroclear"") participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable rules and operating procedures of Clearstream and Euroclear  as applicable. Cross-market transfers between persons holding directly or indirectly through DTC on the one hand  and directly or indirectly through Clearstream participants or Euroclear system participants on the other  will be effected through DTC in accordance with DTC rules on behalf of the relevant European international clearing system by its U.S. depositary; however  such cross-market transactions will require delivery of instructions to the relevant European international clearing system by the counterparty in such system in accordance with its rules and procedures and within its established deadlines (European time). The relevant European international clearing system will  if the transaction meets its settlement requirements  deliver instructions to its U.S. depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving securities in DTC  and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for same-day funds settlement applicable to DTC. Clearstream participants and Euroclear system participants may not deliver instructions directly to their respective U.S. depositaries. Because of time-zone differences  credits of Senior Notes received in Clearstream or the Euroclear system as a result of a transaction with a DTC participant will be made during subsequent securities settlement processing and dated the business day following the DTC settlement date. Such credits or any transactions in such Senior Notes settled during such processing will be reported to the relevant Euroclear system participant or Clearstream participant on such business day. Cash received in Clearstream or the Euroclear system as a result of sales of the Senior Notes by or through a Clearstream participant or a Euroclear system participant to a DTC participant will be received with value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in the relevant Clearstream or the Euroclear system cash account only as of the business day following settlement in DTC. Additional Information For additional important information about the Senior Notes  see ""Description of the Notes"" in the accompanying prospectus  including: (i) additional information about the terms of the Senior Notes  (ii) general information about the Indenture and the Trustee  and (iii) a description of events of default under the Indenture. S-7CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME AND ESTATE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS The following is a summary of certain United States federal income and estate tax consequences of the purchase  ownership and disposition of the Senior Notes as of the date hereof. This summary deals only with Senior Notes that are held as capital assets by a non-U.S. holder (as defined below) who acquires the Senior Notes upon original issuance at their initial offering price. A ""non-U.S. holder"" means a beneficial owner of the Senior Notes (other than an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) that is not  for United States federal income tax purposes  any of the following: an individual citizen or resident of the United States;a corporation (or any other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States  any state thereof or the District of Columbia;an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; ora trust if it (1) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) has a valid election in effect under applicable United States Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. This summary is based upon provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the ""Code"")  and regulations  rulings and judicial decisions as of the date hereof. Those authorities may be changed  perhaps retroactively  so as to result in United States federal income and estate tax consequences different from those summarized below. This summary does not address all aspects of United States federal income and estate taxes and does not deal with foreign  state  local or other tax considerations that may be relevant to non-U.S. holders in light of their personal circumstances. In addition  it does not represent a detailed description of the United States federal income and estate tax consequences applicable to you if you are subject to special treatment under the United States federal income tax laws (including if you are a United States expatriate  ""controlled foreign corporation "" ""passive foreign investment company"" or a partnership or other pass-through entity for United States federal income tax purposes). We cannot assure you that a change in law will not alter significantly the tax considerations that we describe in this summary. If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) holds the Senior Notes  the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding the Senior Notes  you should consult your tax advisors. It is anticipated  and this discussion assumes  that the Senior Notes will not be issued with more than a de minimis amount of original issue discount for United States federal income tax purposes. S-8If you are considering the purchase of Senior Notes  you should consult your own tax advisors concerning the particular United States federal income and estate tax consequences to you of the purchase  ownership and disposition of the Senior Notes  as well as the consequences to you arising under other United States federal tax laws and the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. United States Federal Withholding Tax Subject to the discussions of backup withholding and FATCA below  United States federal withholding tax will not apply to any payment of interest on the Senior Notes under the ""portfolio interest rule "" provided that: interest paid on the Senior Notes is not effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business in the United States;you do not actually (or constructively) own 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of our voting stock within the meaning of the Code and applicable United States Treasury regulations;you are not a controlled foreign corporation that is related to us through stock ownership;you are not a bank whose receipt of interest on the Senior Notes is described in section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code; andeither (a) you provide your name and address on an Internal Revenue Service (""IRS"") Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or other applicable form)  and certify  under penalties of perjury  that you are not a United States person as defined under the Code or (b) you hold your Senior Notes through certain foreign intermediaries and satisfy the certification requirements of applicable United States Treasury regulations. Special certification rules apply to non-U.S. holders that are pass-through entities rather than corporations or individuals. If you cannot satisfy the requirements described above  payments of interest made to you will be subject to a 30% United States federal withholding tax  unless you provide the applicable withholding agent with a properly executed: IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or other applicable form) claiming an exemption from or reduction in withholding under the benefit of an applicable income tax treaty; orW-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or other applicable form) claiming an exemption from or reduction in withholding under the benefit of an applicable income tax treaty; or IRS Form W-8ECI (or other applicable form) stating that interest paid on the Senior Notes is not subject to withholding tax because it is effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business in the United States (as discussed below under ""-United States Federal Income Tax""). The 30% United States federal withholding tax generally will not apply to any payment of principal or gain that you realize on the sale  exchange  retirement  redemption or other taxable disposition of a Senior Note. S-9",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['American Electric Power', '5.65% Senior Notes', 'Series T', 'BNY Mellon Capital Scotiabank SMBC Nikko Markets', 'Investor Relations American Electric Power Service Corporation', 'Clearstream Banking S.A.', 'Total Public offering price', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'SECTION ENTITLED ""RISK FACTORS', 'OHIO POWER COMPANY', 'applicable redemption price', 'U.S. Securities', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Joint Book-Running Managers', 'initial registration statement', '1 Riverside Plaza Columbus', 'short-term,interest-bearing obligations', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'Senior Notes-Optional Redemption', 'general corporate purposes', 'The Senior Notes', 'state securities commission', 'Series T Notes', 'working capital', 'Exchange Commission', 'particular offering', '5.65% Senior Notes', 'The SEC', 'NOTES INVOLVES', 'Supplemental Description', 'sinking fund', 'other unsecured', 'unsubordinated indebtedness', 'minimum denominations', 'integral multiples', 'Underwriting discount', 'criminal offense', 'Annual Report', 'Quarterly Report', 'investment decision', 'following address', 'final terms', 'utility business', 'construction program', 'accompanying prospectus', 'registered form', 'book-entry form', 'Form 10-K', 'Form 10-Q', 'Prospectus Supplement', 'future filings', 'net proceeds', 'MORE INFORMATION', 'other information', 'important information', 'different information', 'fiscal year', 'arrears', 'June', 'December', 'time', 'page', 'benefit', 'extent', 'assets', 'excess', 'expenses', 'May', 'INVESTING', 'THESE', 'RISKS', 'representation', 'contrary', 'accounts', 'participants', 'LLC', 'Co.', 'date', 'March', 'reference', 'uncertainties', 'documents', 'Sections', 'effectiveness', 'copy', 'cost', 'communication', 'underwriter', 'front', 'USE', 'sale', 'advances', 'affiliates', 'April', 'S-3']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40883,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-Report-Theodor-Weimer-Chief-Executive-Officer-Deutsche-Borse-AG-46718592/,Deutsche Börse : Report Theodor Weimer  Chief Executive Officer  Deutsche Börse AG,(marketscreener.com)   Virtual Annual General Meeting   Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft   Frankfurt/Main  Germany  14 May 2024   Report of the CEO   Theodor Weimer   Deutsche Börse AG   Final version   -...https://www.marketscreener.c…,"Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft Frankfurt/Main  Germany  14 May 2024 Report of the CEO Theodor Weimer Deutsche Börse AG Final version - Courtesy translation - PublicVirtual Annual General Meeting  14 May 2024 2 Theodor Weimer: report  final version Ladies and gentlemen  dear shareholders  dear shareholder representatives! Seven is a special number. Some say it's magical. It's often regarded as a lucky number. The seven days of the week. Even in seventh heaven. Or occasionally: There are seven steps to wisdom. The number seven also has a very special significance for me. As I would like to point out: I'm now in my seventh year as CEO of Deutsche Börse. It's also my last year. For you and with you. Seven years at Deutsche Börse. Time to say thank you. To the owners of this special company. And especially to our employees. To all of you around the world. To customers worldwide. Without whom we could not exist. To policymakers in Hesse and Berlin  and also in Brussels. And  yes  I also want to thank the regulators. To the public - media representatives  the financial hub  and all the friends of the stock exchange. Thanks to all those who care about this company. Who are interested in us. And believe in free  transparent markets. Time to say thank you. For a busy  exciting time. A time in which we wanted to set things in motion. And were also allowed to. Thank you for your trust in our abilities. And in our enthusiasm. And finally: Time also to say thank you: To the entire Supervisory Board of Deutsche Börse and to its Chairman  Martin Jetter. Thank you also for the many kind words you just found for me in your speech. For the leap of faith. For their support in what have sometimes been difficult times. Times of coronavirus  war in Europe  the trials and tribulations of the world. Thank you for many a critical debate. And thanks also for the sometimes probing questions. Thank you for excellent checks and balances between the Supervisory Board and Executive Board in every respect. We have achieved a lot. As a company. As a team. We have measured up to the best in the world in a fiercely competitive environment. And we believe we have no reason to hide. We have acted strategically. Worked well. Haven't been afraid to make fundamental decisions. Have acted as entrepreneurs. We didn't just want to manage. We wanted to win in our markets. What has Deutsche Börse Group achieved in the past few years? Where did we stand in late 2017 - nearly seven years ago? Where are we today? We have succeeded in many things - but by no means in everything. Just like in real life. But the results are impressive. As I go through them  I'll compare the end of 2017 to the end of 2023: Our share price has performed very strongly: From 97 euros to over 187 euros. During this period  the DAX index rose by 30 per cent. We were up 90 per cent.Our net revenue doubled: from 2.5 to 5.1 billion euros.Our pre-tax profit - EBITDA - also doubled: from 1.4 to 2.9 billion euros.pre-tax profit - EBITDA - also doubled: from 1.4 to 2.9 billion euros. And earnings per share doubled as well.Virtual Annual General Meeting  14 May 2024 3 Theodor Weimer: report  final version When I took over Deutsche Börse  it had 5 600 employees; today more than 14 000 people work for the company. We have become a really large company with global operations. We are almost the smallest of the big players in the DAX index. But we really don't have to be embarrassed about our valuation on the stock market. We've made it into the top half of the DAX index in terms of our market capitalisation. Our employees also appreciate our success: The fact that over 80 per cent of them recommend us as an employer makes me particularly happy. My job as CEO was to embark on new paths. To give the team courage for the road ahead. To inspire them to believe in growth. To believe in profitable growth. That this is possible. This is not a lucky coincidence. On the contrary: it is inherent to the market economy. But it is the privilege of the successful. I know: occasionally  difficult decisions had to be made. And their value did not become apparent until later. Now - in my final year - my main task is to pave the way for my successor and the management team that is evolving all the time. To encourage them to change things. To dare to try something new. My task in 2024 is not to entrench the way for others. But rather to open it. Modern strategy means: To create room for options. To stay agile without becoming arbitrary. The aim is to explore new paths without getting lost. The direction is set. Regardless of people  ambitions  or even sensitivities. Only one thing counts: the sustained success of Deutsche Börse. That's the true north of our strategy. It's all right for the compass needle to tremble sometimes - the direction is clear. We are all solely committed to achieving the best for Deutsche Börse. I am convinced that Deutsche Börse's path will lead upwards. Walking it is certainly tough. But fulfilling. That's my message. But I don't want to become emotive. After all  we are here at the Annual General Meeting. And it is my honourable duty and pleasure to report on the 2023 financial year. As the law requires. So here you go: We again exceeded our targets in 2023. Our net revenue grew by 17 per cent  taking us to a record level of 5.1 billion euros. We achieved 12 of those percentage points organically - i.e. without acquisitions. Cyclical growth accounted for 7 per cent and structural growth for 5 per cent of our increase in revenue. This means we had a tailwind  although last year this was not due to high volatility - on the contrary. We saw extremely low fluctuations in the markets. The tailwind came from the rise in interest rates. A further 5 percentage points were added through successful acquisitions. All in all: after a record year in 2022  we had another really strong year. We've gone one better  as they say. But even more than the figures  we were pleased about two developments in particular:Virtual Annual General Meeting  14 May 2024 4 Theodor Weimer: report  final version First: Our new strategy has been well received by our investors. The bar was set high already. Our Roadmap 2020 and Compass 2023 strategies have laid the foundations. Now Horizon 2026 is showing us the way into the near future. We've had a lot of positive feedback. Our strategy has convinced people. And it is supported by you  our shareholders. May this still be the case in a couple of years. We  at any rate  are delighted. And it encourages us to continue. Second: Last year  we successfully acquired SimCorp. It is the biggest takeover in our company's history. Demanding - without a doubt. But it will be a success. The first two quarters after the takeover were impressive. We were delighted when Germany's stock market daily Börsen-Zeitung honoured us with the Corporate Finance Award in the ""Digital"" category. But it's not making us overconfident. We have to deliver. On revenue and on synergies. Our customers determine our success. But I'm really confident as I stand here before you. In addition to the sheer growth in revenue  it's the proportion of recurring income that makes us proud  as this is what makes us resilient. It now accounts for 60 per cent. This means: at the start of the financial year 2024  we already had over 60 per cent of our revenue in the bag. Let me tell you: that's a very good feeling. Now I want to give you some details about our cost performance: The acquisition of SimCorp has also resulted in a 16 per cent increase in costs overall. But in purely organic terms - excluding the acquisition of SimCorp - our costs have only risen by 5 per cent. This 5 per cent organic cost growth compares with the 12 per cent organic revenue growth I mentioned earlier. This shows that our business is scaling. Costs are increasing more slowly than revenue. The effect on profits is impressive: As a result  our pre-tax profit - EBITDA - was also up significantly in 2023  rising by 17 per cent to 2.9 billion euros. And our consolidated net income amounted to 1.7 billion euros  an increase of 15 percent. Let me take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks for the year 2023. To our employees around the world. For their commitment. For the enthusiasm they show in their jobs. For being ready to perform day in  day out. For working so independently and being intrinsically motivated. That's just fantastic to see. Thank you very  very much  also on behalf of the entire Executive Board that is present here today. Ladies and gentlemen  dear shareholders! We have decided to share a substantial part of our financial success with you and are proposing a dividend of 3 euros 80 cents per share for 2023  6 per cent more than last year. It means we are distributing 40 per cent of net income for the period to our shareholders  to you. Our aim is to increase the dividend per share every year.Virtual Annual General Meeting  14 May 2024 5 Theodor Weimer: report  final version In addition  we have completed a share buyback programme amounting to 300 million euros. This means that  together with the dividend  we are returning a total of 1 billion euros to our shareholders. So far  the year 2024 has also been going very well. Our net revenue increased by 16 per cent to 1.4 billion euros in the first quarter. And our EBITDA was up 13 per cent to 0.9 billion euros. We have therefore once again exceeded analysts' expectations. This has again got us off to a good start into this year  2024. Let's look ahead with confidence - but not with exaggerated pride. I've already referred to our new Horizon 2026 strategy several times today. Let me again summarise the core elements of this strategy. This is because we want all of our shareholders - everyone - to know where we are heading! Pillar 1: Our new strategic focus We have decided to focus more strongly on the buy side. On the big investors. Where growth will simply be higher in the future. We have created a new growth segment for this purpose. IMS. Investment Management Solutions. To use the potential of asset management for us. Firstly  we acquired SimCorp to this end. And teamed it up with our Axioma. Secondly  we combined ISS with our subsidiary STOXX. We are merging a large provider of ESG data with a leading index provider. Both new companies are global powerhouses for Investment Management Solutions. Pillar 2: Organic growth before acquisitions We are  as you may notice  pursuing a consistent growth strategy. Its most important core pillar is organic growth. And the maximum level of recurring revenue. Organic growth is supplemented by targeted acquisitions. Which must be financially viable and a strategic fit for us  however. We want to grow by a total of around 10 per cent a year. Organically  we are growing really well in many of our businesses. Let me highlight a few of them: Eurex  one of the few leading global derivatives exchanges  is a billion-euro business in its own right. A platform that performs at its best when the markets fluctuate. Its contribution to minimising risk in the markets cannot be overstated.billion-euro business in its own right. A platform that performs at its best when the markets fluctuate. Its contribution to minimising risk in the markets cannot be overstated. Our subsidiary EEX operates marketplaces for power and gas worldwide. It has become the secret star in our portfolio. It is simply the largest power exchange in the world - the envy of many.There's also 360T  our small but mighty foreign exchange platform. Small is perhaps a bit of an understatement: After all  its trading volume is around 130 billion US dollars a day.We now execute around 800 million transactions across all trading activities. Day after day. That's more than 10 000 transactions per second.Clearstream Securities Services - our settlement business - has performed remarkably well thanks to the rise in interest rates. There is no other way to put it.Virtual Annual General Meeting  14 May 2024 6 Theodor Weimer: report  final version Some people advised me to sell Clearstream years ago. We said NO. And we were right. In total  we generated around 700 million euros in net interest income at Clearstream in 2023. And by the way: we have custody of assets totalling around 14 900 billion euros. That is  to put it into perspective for you  more than three times Germany's gross domestic product.And our Clearstream Fund Services business also delivers consistently high income. Incidentally  we have another 3 600 billion euros in fund assets under management there.The only business that is really not growing for us is our cash equity market. Xetra may give us a market share of over 60 per cent. But we are suffering from the structural weakness of the German and European capital markets. These markets are too fragmented. Too regulated. There are fewer and fewer listed companies. And there are too few IPOs. There are no incentives for them. What is even worse: the German capital market is falling further and further behind. The activities of national investors and financial intermediaries are underdeveloped. There is only one asset manager left among the world's top ten. And not a single German bank. Often there are simply not enough investors. The competitive disadvantage compared to the American market has become huge. And we are not talking about Germany alone. But all of Europe. Let me stop here before I get too carried away with this topic. Back to our company Deutsche Börse. Our high organic growth doesn't come for free. It doesn't drop from the sky. It requires effort. We have to spend money to achieve this. My rule of thumb is: every year  we invest to increase our cost base by around 5 per cent in order to grow our business organically by around 7 per cent. In my view  that's a healthy ratio. Pillar 3 of our strategy: Growth only in conjunction with high profitability  please No growth  please  without scalability. Profits have to grow faster than revenue. Profit isn't everything  but without profit there is nothing. That's a common saying  but also a true and important one. We won't lose sight of this. Pillar 4: Setting the technological course The last few decades have been decades of global growth. In recent years  the world's growth has been determined by technology  and this will continue over the next few decades. It will affect us  too. That's why we invest so much: We have made very large investments in cybersecurity because we operate a critical infrastructure.We have entered a strategic partnership with Google Cloud.We now have around half of our computing power in the cloud. The trend is rising rapidly.We continued to invest in digital assets  even during the crypto winter. We promote regulated business with institutional investors. We have obtained licences and scaled our D7 post-trading platform together with partners. We are preparing for tokenisation - through business models and technological systems. We are investing in digital ecosystems and building a new platform for digital assets.post-trading platform together with partners. We are preparing for tokenisation - through business models and technological systems. We are investing in digital ecosystems and building a new platform for digital assets. We are creating a data network and investing in our data architecture to commercialise data further.Virtual Annual General Meeting  14 May 2024 7 Theodor Weimer: report  final version We have  in the field of artificial intelligence  many AI use cases underway  as they say  and are monitoring developments carefully. We have many questions. And I am telling you frankly - we do not have an answer to every one of them. But we'll keep at it. Pillar 5: The implementation - I call it the underestimated factor It sounds simple  but it doesn't come as a matter of course: It needs a focused management team that works hard and pulls in the same direction. Without resting on its laurels. It takes the effort of always wanting to do better. Day after day. Some people have great ideas  many are talented and almost all of them are full of good advice  as I often say. But what really counts is getting it right as a company. With a convincing strategy and systematic implementation. My mantra has been for years: If you have a good strategy but no implementation skills  you simply have no strategy. Strategy and implementation really go hand in hand. In addition to these main pillars of our strategy  we have changed our capital management: At the start of my term of office  seven years ago  we distributed around 60 per cent of our consolidated profit. We have since then increased the dividend every year  although the pay-out ratio has fallen due to some good results. It now stands at around 40 per cent. And it will tend to range between 30 and 40 per cent  rather than higher  in the next few years. But you  our shareholders  will definitively not miss out. On the contrary: We aim for dividend continuity  with increasing dividends per share. In addition  we have announced as part of our Horizon 2026 strategy that if we have excess liquidity  which should not be the exception given our business  we plan to supplement the dividend distributions with share buyback programmes. We also want this to send a clear signal to you: our number one priority is organic growth. And the bar for acquisitions is high. My conclusion on the strategy is as follows: we are leading Deutsche Börse to new horizons. And hopefully beyond. You may know the song by Udo Lindenberg  which translates to ""Beyond the horizon  the journey continues"". There is no better basis for many more successful years. And by that I mean: years of continuing high growth. With high profitability. In the service of our customers. And in the service of our shareholders. That will be your role in future  Stephan Leithner. You've been my deputy for a few weeks now. From next year  you will be the captain of this beautiful ship. In both calm and rough seas. I have known and thought very highly of you for years. And I know you will succeed. Next year you will be standing here and report. And you will do well. I'm quite sure of that. You can look forward to taking on one of the most rewarding jobs of the German economy. Congratulations again on your appointment. Dear shareholders  I'd like to thank you - also on behalf of the Executive Board - for your loyalty to our company. It's a give and take  as they say: you give the money by buying our shares. Trust us that we will",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.22,0.16,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'Report Theodor Weimer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft', 'CEO Theodor Weimer Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'many kind words', 'dear shareholder representatives', 'free, transparent markets', 'entire Supervisory Board', 'busy, exciting time', 'dear shareholders', 'media representatives', 'Executive Board', 'Final version', 'Courtesy translation', 'seven days', 'seventh heaven', 'seven steps', 'special significance', 'seventh year', 'financial hub', 'stock exchange', 'Martin Jetter', 'critical debate', 'probing questions', 'excellent checks', 'competitive environment', 'fundamental decisions', 'real life', 'DAX index', 'net revenue', 'pre-tax profit', 'global operations', 'big players', 'top half', 'new paths', 'lucky coincidence', 'difficult decisions', 'final year', 'one thing', 'true north', 'compass needle', 'many things', 'special number', 'lucky number', '30 per cent', 'stock market', 'market capitalisation', '80 per cent', 'team courage', 'management team', '5.1 billion euros', '2.9 billion euros', 'difficult times', 'share price', 'profitable growth', 'main task', 'Modern strategy', 'sustained success', 'special company', 'large company', '14 May 2024 Report', '90 per', '97 euros', '187 euros', 'Frankfurt/Main', 'Germany', 'Public', 'Ladies', 'gentlemen', 'week', 'wisdom', 'last', 'years', 'owners', 'employees', 'world', 'customers', 'policymakers', 'Hesse', 'Berlin', 'Brussels', 'regulators', 'friends', 'motion', 'trust', 'abilities', 'enthusiasm', 'Chairman', 'speech', 'leap', 'faith', 'support', 'coronavirus', 'war', 'Europe', 'trials', 'tribulations', 'balances', 'respect', 'lot', 'reason', 'entrepreneurs', 'past', 'late', 'means', 'everything', 'results', 'period', 'EBITDA', 'earnings', '14,000 people', 'valuation', 'terms', 'fact', 'employer', 'job', 'road', 'contrary', 'economy', 'privilege', 'value', 'way', 'successor', 'something', 'others', 'room', 'options', 'aim', 'direction', 'ambitions', 'sensitivities', 'message', '2.5', '1.4']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40884,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-Opening-of-the-virtual-Annual-General-Meeting-and-comments-on-the-Report-of-the-Su-46718593/,Deutsche Börse : Opening of the virtual Annual General Meeting and comments on the Report of the Supervisory Board – Martin Jetter  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  Deutsche Börse AG,(marketscreener.com)   Virtual Annual General Meeting   Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft   Frankfurt/Main  Germany  14 May 2024   Speech of the   Chairman of the Supervisory Board   Martin Jetter   Deutsche Börse AG  ...https://www.mark…,"Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft Frankfurt/Main  Germany  14 May 2024 Speech of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board Martin Jetter Deutsche Börse AG Final version - Courtesy translation - PublicVirtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse AG  14 May 2024 2 Martin Jetter: speech  final version Ladies and gentlemen  Before I explain the report of the Supervisory Board to you  allow me to address a matter which is very close to my heart. For our CEO  Theodor Weimer  this is his seventh year of leading Deutsche Börse AG  and it will be the last in his tenure. Today also marks his last Annual General Meeting as CEO of Deutsche Börse AG. Theodor Weimer took office as CEO of Deutsche Börse at a time of deep uncertainty. While performance figures were sound at the time  the perception of Deutsche Börse by the public  by legislators and regulatory bodies had suffered badly. This was not without consequence  both for the inner state of Deutsche Börse and regarding its scope of entrepreneurial options. From this starting position  Theodor Weimer and his Executive Board team were able to achieve an impressive turnaround. By introducing an attitude of action and ownership  as well as creating trust among the regulators and the markets  he was able to rebuild the organisation. Theodor Weimer has rightfully led Deutsche Börse back to being a self-confident company which its employees take pride in  and which has re-gained the trust of the public  markets  investors  as well as policy makers and regulators - as attested by numerous awards and  last but not least  the results of our annual employee survey. Theodor Weimer has led Deutsche Börse to new strength and innovative power. The figures and strategic measures which he is about to present in his own speech provide tangible proof of his accomplishments. Dear Theodor: my sincerest congratulations on everything you have achieved. Thank you on behalf of the entire Supervisory Board. It is  however  not yet time to say goodbye. Theodor Weimer  along with his creative and inspirational energy  will fortunately remain with the company until the end of the year. But  as I would like to strongly emphasise  a highly capable successor has already been appointed: Stephan Leithner  who has been a member of the Executive Board for Theodor Weimer's entire term of office. He is the sixth CEO in the history of Deutsche Börse AG. Stephan Leithner steps into the role knowing the company and its stakeholders inside out. This also signifies a commitment to continuity - not without significance for a company such as ours. He is and has been the Executive Board member responsible for the Deutsche Börse business area with the strongest and most successful development over the last seven years: Pre- and Post-Trading  i.e. data and analytics  post trading and fund services. This development has culminated in the establishment of the Investment Management Solutions segment following the acquisition of SimCorp  in which Stephan Leithner has played a key role. If you're looking for where the action is taking place in today's global capital market infrastructures: it's in data and analytics. Stephan Leithner was also heavily involved in shaping the further refined Horizon 2026 strategy. These are the best starting conditions for the succession of Theodor Weimer. And on a personal note  I regard Stephan Leithner as a leader of great integrity. Stephan  I am delighted for you to take on this role and wish you every success!Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse AG  14 May 2024 3 Martin Jetter: speech  final version The capable and experienced management of Deutsche Börse is crucial at a time characterised by one overarching theme  which is transformation - change. We live in a time of further accelerated digitalisation. We live in a time of decarbonisation. And we are living in an age of global demographic change. Without a strong capital market  we as a society will certainly not be able to succeed in mastering this threefold transformation. Meeting these challenges requires the mobilisation of enormous financial resources. Today  we are living in an era which might be compared to that of the construction of railroads  the invention of automobility  the transition to industrial mass production and the birth of the internet. Today's equivalents are Artificial Intelligence  5G  the cloud  quantum computing  smart grids  and perhaps hydrogen terminals. As it has in the past  the capital market will continue to play a crucial role in funding and shaping the measures for this necessary transformation. In keeping with the motto: what I cannot prevent  I must accelerate. This transformation also opens up vast opportunities. And who is better than Deutsche Börse in coordinating and channelling the swarm intelligence of market participants into investments? Policy makers have recognised this and are bringing new momentum into the efforts to create a genuine European Capital Markets Union. At last month's Brussels summit  the EU heads of state and government held intensive talks on the Capital Markets Union. They tasked the EU Commission and the national finance ministers to finally get serious about the project of - and I quote - ""truly integrated European capital markets"". I wholeheartedly welcome this appeal. Pension schemes investing in the capital market are finally also picking up speed in Germany. They not only enable us to stabilise our pension system in the long term  but also give citizens a stake in the success of our companies - and thereby simultaneously mobilise new funds for innovation  investment  and transformation. These funds can be used in an efficient and targeted way to achieve entrepreneurial objectives. Without private capital  even the most efficiently run state  which we unfortunately are very far from at present  cannot successfully manage transformation. Capital is not what makes the entire economy  ladies and gentlemen  but without it  the entire economy amounts to nothing. Ladies and gentlemen  I will now provide an overview of our activities in the Supervisory Board within the past financial year. In doing so  I will explain the report of the Supervisory Board. The latter is part of the Deutsche Börse Group annual report 2023  which I will refer to. I shall  however  limit my statements to what is essential. In the reporting year  the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Börse AG dealt in depth and regularly with the company's position  prospects  and fundamental strategic options. The Supervisory Board was also involved in an advisory capacity in Deutsche Börse Group's activities to buy and sell companies and parts thereof. We continued our overarching work on environmental  social and governance matters (ESG). In the reporting year  we concentrated on the social aspects of ESG.Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse AG  14 May 2024 4 Martin Jetter: speech  final version Our work in 2023 was dominated by a difficult ongoing geopolitical situation. Russia's terrible war of aggression against Ukraine continued into its third year and the recent attack on Israel by the terrorist organisation Hamas was followed by intensive military operations and armed conflicts. This is accompanied by ongoing uncertainty about future inflation rates worldwide and slow economic growth  particularly in industrialised countries. Our global economic and financial system therefore continues to face very strong challenges. In addition  this year may see political change  with roughly half the global population called to the polls. Elections are coming up in the two most populous democracies in the world as well as various European countries and at EU level. At our meetings  the Executive Board provided us with comprehensive and timely information in accordance with the legal requirements. The high frequency of plenary and committee meetings and workshops ensured an intensive exchange of information between the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board. The attendance rate for all Supervisory Board members at the meetings in 2023 is very gratifying: it was 100 per cent. The CEO kept me continuously and regularly informed concerning the current developments affecting the company's business  significant transactions  upcoming decisions  and the long-term outlook and discussed these issues with me. As part of the regular training and professional development measures for the Supervisory Board  we focused on the Horizon 2026 strategy process  topics such as cybersecurity  the role of Deutsche Börse Group in strengthening the German and European capital markets  sustainability regulations and the future world of work  concentrating on the labour markets for IT and financial services. Now on to the key aspects of our activities in the plenary meetings of the Supervisory Board. In the reporting year  we discussed in detail the future strategic direction of Deutsche Börse Group. The Executive Board consulted the Supervisory Board at an early stage about the development of the new Group strategy  Horizon 2026. It constituted the dominant theme of our work  as it defines the strategic framework for Deutsche Börse Group until 2026 and also includes an updated climate strategy. We advised the Executive Board on all relevant aspects of the strategy. Within this framework  we worked on the strategic expansion and reinforcement of our pre-trading business. Deutsche Börse AG acquired all the shares in the Danish company SimCorp  having successfully completed a public takeover offer. A new segment  Investment Management Solutions  was created for the business of SimCorp  the data and analytics business of Axioma  and ISS STOXX  to reflect the size and strategic importance of the pre-trading unit. As Supervisory Board  we accompanied these structural changes and the expansion of our business and approved the necessary measures. Following extensive consultation  the Supervisory Board came to a decision regarding the CEO succession. In addition  we dealt with the future composition of the Supervisory Board. Representatives of shareholders and employees will be elected for a period of office of three years in 2024. The election of the employee representatives was already held in April 2024.Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse AG  14 May 2024 5 Martin Jetter: speech  final version In the field of information technology  we discussed the partnership with a well-known global provider of cloud infrastructure and the main projects to develop the digital settlement platform D7 and an exchange for digital assets. Artificial intelligence and other new technologies as well as the opportunities they represent for Deutsche Börse Group were another key area of our work in this field. In view of their great importance for the Group and for the financial and capital markets overall  we again discussed the subjects of information security and cyber resilience in depth. In the reporting year  we dealt with various legal matters again  such as the current status of litigation and legal proceedings involving Clearstream Banking S.A. in the USA and Luxembourg  and the ongoing investigation by the Public Prosecutor's Office in Cologne regarding the conception and settlement implementation of securities transactions by market participants over the dividend date (cum-ex transactions). Market participants used such transactions to make unjustified tax refund claims. In this context  the Supervisory Board also dealt with investigations into such transactions by the stock exchange regulator in the German state of Hesse. Our work on the Supervisory Board also included other important litigation proceedings and the handling of findings by internal control functions as well as external auditors and regulatory authorities. I will now give a short explanation of the audit of the annual and consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2023. Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft PwC audited the annual financial statements of Deutsche Börse AG  the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report for the financial year ended 31 December 2023  together with the accounting system  and issued an unqualified audit opinion. The condensed financial statements and interim management report contained in the half-yearly financial report for the first six months of 2023 were reviewed by PwC. The documents relating to the financial statements and the reports by PwC were submitted to us for inspection and examination in good time. Following the detailed discussion and examination of the financial statement documents and the reports - first by the Audit Committee and followed by the plenary meeting of the Supervisory Board - we approved the result of the audit. We approved the annual financial statements prepared by the Executive Board and the consolidated financial statements at our meeting on 8 March 2024  in line with the Audit Committee's recommendation. As a result  the annual financial statements of Deutsche Börse AG have been adopted. The Audit Committee discussed the Executive Board's proposal for the appropriation of the unappropriated surplus (Bilanzgewinn) with the Executive Board. The discussion covered company liquidity  its financial planning  and shareholders' interests. Following this discussion and its own examination  the Audit Committee concurred with the Executive Board's proposal for the appropriation of the unappropriated surplus. After examining this ourselves  the plenary meeting of the Supervisory Board also approved the Executive Board's proposal. I would like to thank the Executive Board and all staff for their extraordinary commitment and outstanding work 2023  particularly remarkable in light of the challenging geopolitical and economic situation.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.65,0.17,0.18,True,English,"['virtual Annual General Meeting', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Supervisory Board', 'Martin Jetter', 'Opening', 'comments', 'Report', 'Chairman', 'Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft', 'Martin Jetter Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse business area', 'leading Deutsche Börse AG', 'genuine European Capital Markets Union', 'last Annual General Meeting', 'Investment Management Solutions segment', 'global capital market infrastructures', 'annual employee survey', 'strong capital market', 'last seven years', 'one overarching theme', 'enormous financial resources', 'industrial mass production', 'best starting conditions', 'global demographic change', 'Executive Board team', 'entire Supervisory Board', 'Executive Board member', 'experienced management', 'last month', 'market participants', 'starting position', 'entire term', 'Final version', 'Courtesy translation', 'Theodor Weimer', 'deep uncertainty', 'regulatory bodies', 'entrepreneurial options', 'impressive turnaround', 'policy makers', 'numerous awards', 'new strength', 'innovative power', 'tangible proof', 'Dear Theodor', 'sincerest congratulations', 'inspirational energy', 'post trading', 'fund services', 'Horizon 2026 strategy', 'personal note', 'great integrity', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'quantum computing', 'smart grids', 'hydrogen terminals', 'vast opportunities', 'swarm intelligence', 'new momentum', 'Brussels summit', 'EU heads', 'intensive talks', 'Stephan Leithner', 'seventh year', 'performance figures', 'inner state', 'strategic measures', 'capable successor', 'successful development', 'key role', 'threefold transformation', 'crucial role', 'necessary transformation', 'self-confident company', 'sixth CEO', 'Frankfurt/Main', 'Germany', '14 May', 'Speech', 'Chairman', 'Public', 'Ladies', 'gentlemen', 'report', 'matter', 'heart', 'tenure', 'office', 'time', 'perception', 'legislators', 'consequence', 'scope', 'attitude', 'action', 'ownership', 'trust', 'regulators', 'organisation', 'employees', 'pride', 'investors', 'results', 'accomplishments', 'everything', 'behalf', 'goodbye', 'creative', 'end', 'history', 'stakeholders', 'commitment', 'continuity', 'significance', 'strongest', 'Post-Trading', 'data', 'analytics', 'establishment', 'acquisition', 'SimCorp', 'place', 'today', 'succession', 'leader', 'accelerated', 'digitalisation', 'decarbonisation', 'society', 'challenges', 'mobilisation', 'construction', 'railroads', 'invention', 'automobility', 'transition', 'birth', 'internet', 'equivalents', '5G', 'cloud', 'past', 'funding', 'motto', 'investments', 'efforts', 'government']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40885,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-Presence-46719901/,Deutsche Börse : Presence,(marketscreener.com)   Annual General Meeting   Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft   14 May 2024      Annual General Meeting 2024 - Presence at the time of voting      Capital stock  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Presence', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40886,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.moneyweb.co.za/mny_sens/deutsche-konsum-reit-ag-press-release-dkr-looks-back-on-a-solid-business-performance-in-the-first-half-of-the-2023-2024-financial-year/,DEUTSCHE KONSUM REIT-AG – Press Release – DKR looks back on a solid business performance in the first half of the 2023/2024 financial year,Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG  Broderstorf  is a listed real estate company with a focus on German retail properties for everyday goods at established micro-locations. The focus of the Company’s activities is on the acquisition  management and development of ...,Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG  Broderstorf  is a listed real estate company with a focus on German retail properties for everyday goods at established micro-locations. The focus of the Company’s activities is on the acquisition  management and development of ...,neutral,0.37,0.61,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE KONSUM REIT-AG', 'solid business performance', '2023/2024 financial year', 'Press Release', 'first half', 'DKR', 'listed real estate company', 'Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'German retail properties', 'everyday goods', 'Broderstorf', 'focus', 'micro-locations', 'activities', 'acquisition', 'management', 'development']",2024-05-15,2024-05-15,moneyweb.co.za
40887,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-deutsche-konsum-reit-ag-looks-back-on-a-solid-business-performance-in-the-first-half-of-the-2023-2024-financial-year-1033382298,EQS-News: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG looks back on a solid business performance in the first half of the 2023/2024 financial year,In the first half of the 2023/2024 financial year  the Company's rental income increased slightly by around 3% year-on-year from EUR 38.7 million to EUR 39.8 million. This was mainly due to a slightly larger property portfolio compared to the previous year and index-based rent increases.,EQS-News: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG / Key word(s): Half Year ResultsDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG looks back on a solid business performance in the first half of the 2023/2024 financial year15.05.2024 / 07:10 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press ReleaseDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG looks back on a solid business performance in the first half of the 2023/2024 financial yearRental income up 2.9% to EUR 39.8 millionNet rental income down by 6.5% to EUR 24.8 millionFFO down 17% to EUR 16.5 million / FFO per share at EUR 0.47Real estate portfolio comprises 183 properties and is valued at around EUR 1.0 billion / annual rent of EUR 78.1 millionEPRA NTA per share at EUR 7.91Short-term prolongation of maturing bonds expectedNet LTV at 61.4% as at the reporting datePotsdam  15 May 2024 - Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG (ISIN DE000A14KRD3) looks back on a solid first half of the 2023/2024 financial year.Rental income up / Decrease in Net rental incomeIn the first half of the 2023/2024 financial year  the Company's rental income increased slightly by around 3% year-on-year from EUR 38.7 million to EUR 39.8 million. This was mainly due to a slightly larger property portfolio compared to the previous year and index-based rent increases.In contrast  net rental income fell from EUR 26.5 million to EUR 24.8 million  which is primarily due to higher rental expenses.Funds from operations (“FFO”) decreased by 17.2% compared to the same period of the previous year and amounted to EUR 16.5 million or EUR 0.47 per share (H1 2022/2023: EUR 19.9 million or EUR 0.57 per share). This is mainly due to increased interest expenses for variable-rate and newer financing. The aFFO (FFO after deduction of capitalised modernisation measures) increased by 25% to EUR 10.7 million  as fewer CAPEX measures were carried out compared to the previous year. Further revitalisation measures are planned in the coming quarters  which will contribute to significant economic improvements in the key portfolio figures.Balance sheet value of the real estate portfolio currently at around EUR 1.0 billion with an annual rent of EUR 78 million / Sale of a sub-portfolio notarisedDKR's real estate portfolio as at 31 March 2024 comprises 183 retail properties with a carrying amount of around EUR 994.8 million (30 September 2023: EUR 995.4 million) and a rental area of around 1 070 000 square meters. As at the reporting date  the annualised rent amounted to EUR 78.1 million (30 September 2023: EUR 79.2 million).The average purchase yield of the overall portfolio is currently around 10.0%.No properties were purchased in the first half of the 2023/2024 financial year. However  the property in Trier-Kenn was sold with a transfer of benefits and encumbrances at the end of 2023. Furthermore  the sale of a sub-portfolio of 14 properties was notarised at the end of March 2024. The sales price achieved was around 4% below the IFRS carrying amount as at 30 September 2023 due to short-term maintenance requirements. The sales transaction is expected to be completed by the end of June 2024. The proceeds from the sale are earmarked almost entirely for the repayment of bank liabilities and the partial repayment of maturing bonds. In addition  DKR is currently examining further selective disposals in order to use the proceeds to reduce debt.Considering the notarised sales  the portfolio currently comprises 169 retail properties with an annual rent of around EUR 72.5 million on a pro forma basis.Refinancing of maturing bonds in final negotiationsDKR is now in final negotiations with the bondholders of the EUR 70 million and EUR 35.9 million bonds  which are maturing in the short term and have not been concluded yet. Until the final prolongation has been concluded  the maturity date of the two bonds has therefore initially been extended to 30 June 2024 with the consent of the bondholder. The Management Board assumes that the final extension will now take place in the short term.EPRA NTA per share is EUR 7.91 / Net LTV is 61.4 %The EPRA NTA per share has slightly increased to EUR 7.91 as at 31 March 2024 due to the positive half-year result (30 September 2023: EUR 7.64 per share).Net LTV amounted to 61.4% as at the reporting date and is therefore currently above the target value of around 50%. However  the leverage ratio is expected to fall below 55% again by the end of the 2023/2024 financial year.FFO forecast for the 2023/2024 financial yearGiven the notarised sales transaction and the imminent extension of the bonds  coupled with a significant repayment of debt  the outlook for the further development of the financial year is now clearer. Based on current planning  the Management Board therefore currently expects FFO (funds from operations) of EUR 27 million to EUR 30 million (before possible further property sales) for the full financial year 2023/2024.Conference CallDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG will hold an analyst conference (webcast and conference call) on the results of the first half of the 2023/2024 financial year today  15 May 2024  10:00 a.m. CEST/10:00 SAST. The corresponding results presentation and further information on the webcast and the conference call can be found at https://www.deutsche-konsum.de/en/investor-relations. The half-yearly financial report of the 2023/2024 financial year is available for download under https://www.deutsche-konsum.de/en/investor-relations/financial-reports.About Deutsche KonsumDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG  Broderstorf  is a listed real estate company with a focus on German retail properties for everyday goods at established micro-locations. The focus of the Company's activities is on the acquisition  management and development of local supply properties with the aim of continuous performance and the leveraging of hidden reserves.The shares of the Company are listed on the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse (ISIN: DE000A14KRD3) and on the JSE (JSE Limited) (South Africa) by way of a secondary listing.Deutsche Konsum REIT-AGMrs. Mareike KuliberdaInvestor RelationsMarlene-Dietrich-Allee 12b14482 PotsdamTel: 0331 / 74 00 76 - 533Fax: 0331 / 74 00 76 - 599E-Mail: sf@deutsche-konsum.de,neutral,0.28,0.71,0.02,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'solid business performance', '2023/2024 financial year', 'first half', 'EQS-News', 'Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'solid business performance', 'capitalised modernisation measures', 'fewer CAPEX measures', 'average purchase yield', 'pro forma basis', 'positive half-year result', 'Real estate portfolio', 'significant economic improvements', 'Balance sheet value', 'short-term maintenance requirements', 'full financial year', '2023/2024 financial year', 'index-based rent increases', 'key portfolio figures', 'higher rental expenses', 'Further revitalisation measures', 'IFRS carrying amount', 'The Management Board', 'The EPRA NTA', 'larger property portfolio', 'Net rental income', 'solid first half', 'notarised sales transaction', 'Half Year Results', 'previous year', 'overall portfolio', 'Key word', 'Short-term prolongation', 'Net LTV', 'interest expenses', 'rental area', 'target value', 'annual rent', 'sales price', 'property sales', 'significant repayment', 'Press Release', 'reporting date', 'ISIN DE000A14KRD', 'same period', 'newer financing', 'coming quarters', '1,070,000 square meters', 'bank liabilities', 'selective disposals', 'final negotiations', 'short term', 'final prolongation', 'maturity date', 'final extension', 'leverage ratio', 'imminent extension', 'current planning', 'Conference Call', 'analyst conference', 'maturing bonds', '35.9 million bonds', 'two bonds', 'partial repayment', 'EUR 70 million', '183 retail properties', '169 retail properties', 'FFO forecast', '183 properties', '14 properties', 'EQS-News', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'share', 'Potsdam', 'May', 'Decrease', 'Company', 'contrast', 'Funds', 'operations', 'variable-rate', 'aFFO', 'deduction', 'sub-portfolio', 'DKR', '31 March', 'annualised', 'Trier-Kenn', 'transfer', 'benefits', 'encumbrances', 'end', '30 September', 'June', 'proceeds', 'addition', 'order', 'debt', 'Refinancing', 'bondholders', 'consent', 'place', 'outlook', 'development', 'webcast']",2024-05-15,2024-05-15,markets.businessinsider.com
40888,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_786d7ae1-4c9e-4d55-aa4e-65ab1bc762da,Exploring Three Dividend Stocks On Euronext Paris,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Three Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Paris', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,consent.yahoo.com
40889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_2937d234-938f-442d-9ae8-97887f355f54,Euronext Amsterdam Highlights 3 Growth Companies With Minimum 11% Insider Ownership,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Minimum 11% Insider Ownership', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '3 Growth Companies', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,consent.yahoo.com
40890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_cc45a68f-3944-443f-afac-f4010272cf6a,Exploring Dividend Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam With ABN AMRO Bank And Two Others,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['ABN AMRO Bank', 'Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Two Others', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,consent.yahoo.com
40891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-N-Euronext-announces-volumes-for-April-2024-46714473/,Euronext N : Euronext announces volumes for April 2024,(marketscreener.com) Euronext N.V.   Euronext N.V.    Below you will find information from the register publication of inside information. The information has been provided by the organisation.     Registration date13 may 2024 - 17:57   Statuto…,Euronext N.V. is a pan-European exchange group operating regulated markets in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. Euronext N.V. also operates non-regulated activities in 16 countries across the world. Euronext N.V. is listed in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels and Lisbon since 2014. Euronext N.V. is the leading listing and trading venue in Europe with EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization at the end of 2023  close to 1 930 listed companies and the largest liquidity pool in Europe. Euronext N.V. provides advanced market data services and a range of indices and index solutions  including the AEX  CAC40  BEL 20  ISEQ 20  PSI 20  and OBX  as well as a large set of ESG indices  such as CAC40 ESG or MIB ESG. Euronext N.V.'s proprietary trading platform  Optiq®  offers cutting-edge solutions to both trading and technology clients. Euronext N.V. offers clients innovative corporate and investors services. Euronext N.V. also operates Euronext FX in the United States and in Singapore and two spot FX matching engines in Tokyo and London.Related indices STOXX EUROPE 600 (EUR),neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext N', 'volumes', 'April', 'EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization', 'two spot FX matching engines', 'advanced market data services', 'pan-European exchange group', 'largest liquidity pool', 'Euronext N.V.', 'proprietary trading platform', 'Euronext FX', 'investors services', 'regulated markets', 'leading listing', 'trading venue', '1,930 listed companies', 'index solutions', 'large set', 'MIB ESG', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'innovative corporate', 'United States', 'ESG indices', 'Related indices', 'CAC40 ESG', 'technology clients', 'STOXX EUROPE', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', '16 countries', 'world', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'end', 'range', 'AEX', 'ISEQ', 'PSI', 'OBX', 'Optiq®', 'Singapore', 'Tokyo', 'London']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881665/0/en/Euronext-publishes-Q1-2024-results.html,Euronext publishes Q1 2024 results,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q1 2024 resultsStrong start of the year with record topline driven by strong organic growth of Euronext’s diversified business model.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 14 May 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the first quarter 2024.Q1 2024 revenue and income was up +8.0% at €401.9 million: Strong performance of non-volume related revenue representing 58% of total revenue and income (stable compared to Q1 2023) and covering 155% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 1 (vs. 141% in Q1 2023): Custody and Settlement revenue grew to €67.8 million (+6.0%)  driven by growing assets under custody  higher issuance activities and continued expansion of the services business; Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €59.4 million (+5.5%)  driven by dynamic non-professional usage  continued demand for fixed-income and power trading data and continued demand for analytic products; Listing revenue grew to €57.7 million (+5.5%)  driven by the strong performance of Euronext Corporate Services and dynamic debt listing activity. Euronext sustained its leading position for equity listing in Europe  recording 45% of new equity listings with 10 listings  and as the leading venue for debt listing globally; Technology Solutions reported €26.7 million of revenue (-3.3%).Clearing revenue grew to €37.0 million (+23.1%)  thanks to the additional business captured by Euronext Clearing following its expansion for European equities on 27 November 2023 and dynamic commodities clearing revenue  despite softer financial derivatives clearing volumes. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €11.7 million (+57.0%).Trading revenue grew to €138.4 million (+7.4%)  driven by record results in fixed income (€35.2 million  +34.5%) and power trading (€12.2 million  +23.7%). This strong performance was achieved despite the softer environment for cash trading (€70.6 million  -1.6%) and derivatives trading (€13.4 million  -10.2%) .Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 1 were €150.7 million (-2.0%)   thanks to continued cost control and some positive one-off releases.  thanks to continued cost control and some positive one-off releases. Adjusted EBITDA 1 was €251.3 million (+15.0%) and adjusted EBITDA margin was 62.5% (+3.8 pts).Adjusted net income 1 was €164.2 million (+11.7%) and adjusted EPS was €1.58 (+15.0%).Reported net income was €139.7 million (+44.8%)  reflecting the positive base effect of the €36.0 million pre-tax non-underlying provision related to the termination fee of the clearing agreement in Q1 2023.reflecting the positive base effect of the €36.0 million pre-tax non-underlying provision related to the termination fee of the clearing agreement in Q1 2023. Net debt to reported EBITDA was at 1.7x at the end of March 2024 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 1.6x . S&P rating was upgraded in May 2024 to BBB+ Positive Outlook.. S&P rating was upgraded in May 2024 to BBB+ Positive Outlook. Key figures for the first quarter of 2024:In €m  unless stated otherwise Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % var % var l-f-l2 Revenue and income 401.9 372.3 +8.0% +8.5% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A2 (150.7) (153.8) -2.0% -1.6% Adjusted EBITDA 251.3 218.5 +15.0% +15.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 62.5% 58.7% +3.8pts +3.8pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 139.7 96.5 +44.8% Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 164.2 147.1 +11.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.58 1.38 +15.0% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.35 0.90 +49.1% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.58 1.37 +14.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.34 0.90 +48.9%Last year of the Borsa Italiana Group integration: €79.0 million of cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were achieved at end of March 2024.€5.0 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were delivered in Q1 2024. €105.8 million cumulated implementation costs were incurred since the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  of which €3.0 million were incurred during Q1 2024 . Euronext completed the migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq®  the third and final phase in the migration process of Borsa Italiana's markets onto Euronext’s state-of-the-art  proprietary trading platform Optiq® on 25 March 2024. This migration was the last in the ambitious integration plan of Italian markets onto the Euronext single trading platform  and was completed less than three years after the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.Acquisition of GRSS:Euronext announced on 29 March 2024 that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS).GRSS is a leading and highly respected provider of services to benchmark administrators. GRSS is a mission-critical service provider to the benchmark administrators that notably produce three of Europe’s critical interest rate benchmarks: EURIBOR®  STIBOR® and NIBOR®.The acquisition of GRSS contributes to the growth of Euronext’s fixed and subscription-based revenue. This acquisition further diversifies and strengthens Euronext’s index franchise  positioning the Group as a leading player for calculating and administrating Interbank Offered Rate (IBOR) indices. In partnership with GRSS management and its founder  Euronext aims to reinforce the positioning of GRSS to become the go-to provider in the contributed data and indices space  leveraging on Euronext’s global leadership and recognition.Continued innovation in trading with the successful launch of Euronext Mid-Point Match offering dark  mid-point and sweep functionalities:In April 2024  Euronext announced the successful launch of Euronext Mid-Point Match across all its European markets  its advanced suite of dark  mid-point and sweep functionalities embedded within Euronext's Central Order Book. These enhancements allow trading members and buy-side firms to trade at the real mid-point  without incurring implicit latency costs  to access increased liquidity  while tapping into Euronext’s unique pool of liquidity fostered by local brokers and investors.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“In the first quarter of 2024  Euronext reached record revenue and income of €401.9 million. Strong organic growth in our non-volume related businesses  combined with record quarter in fixed income and power trading and double-digit growth in our post-trade activities  drove the Group revenue's growth to +8.0%.Combined with our trademark cost discipline in an inflationary environment  this record performance led to a +15.0% increase in adjusted EBITDA  to €251.3 million  and to a 62.5% adjusted EBITDA margin.Our reported net profit grew +44.8% to €139.7 million as a result of this strong performance and of the positive base effect of the provision related to the termination fee of the clearing agreement in Q1 2023. Adjusted net profit grew +11.7% to €164.2 million  and adjusted EPS reached €1.58  representing a +15.0% increase from last year.We continued to work on the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and we reached €79 million of cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies in relation with the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group at the end of the first quarter of 2024. We have successfully completed in March the migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq®  the third and final phase in the migration process of Borsa Italiana's markets onto Euronext’s proprietary trading platform. The final step of the integration will be delivered in the third quarter of 2024 when we will expand the operations of Euronext Clearing to Euronext European listed derivatives to complete our presence on the entire trading value chain. This milestone will be the final step to reaching the targeted €115 million of run-rate EBITDA synergies by the end of 2024.We strengthened and broadened our data and indices offering with the acquisition of Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS). GRSS is a leading provider of services to benchmark administrators and has a strong track record of continued revenue growth and high-quality service. We are glad to welcome the GRSS teams  to work together to take GRSS to the next step and further globally expand Euronext’s index capabilities. Meanwhile we continue to work actively on the preparation of our 2024 Capital Market Day that will be take place on 8 November 2024 in Paris.”Q1 2024 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 401.9 372.3 +8.0% +8.5% Listing 57.7 54.7 +5.5% +6.1% Trading revenue  of which 138.4 128.9 +7.4% +7.8% Cash trading 70.6 71.7 -1.6% -1.6% Derivatives trading 13.4 14.9 -10.2% -10.1% Fixed income trading 35.2 26.2 +34.5% +34.5% FX trading 7.1 6.3 +12.7% +14.1% Power trading 12.2 9.8 +23.7% +28.6% Investor Services 3.1 2.6 +17.4% +14.7% Advanced Data Services 59.4 56.3 +5.5% +5.6% Post-Trade  of which 104.8 94.0 +11.5% +12.2% Clearing 37.0 30.0 +23.1% +23.1% Custody and Settlement 67.8 64.0 +6.0% +7.1% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.7 27.6 -3.3% -3.1% NTI through CCP business 11.7 7.5 +57.0% +57.0% Other income 0.2 0.2 +2.3% +2.8% Transitional revenues - 0.5 -100.0% -100.0% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (150.7) (153.8) -2.0% -1.6% Adjusted EBITDA 251.3 218.5 +15.0% +15.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 62.5% 58.7% +3.8pts +3.8pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (159.4) (200.5) -20.5% -20.3% EBITDA 242.6 171.8 +41.2% +41.9% Depreciation & Amortisation (44.0) (40.5) +8.6% +9.1% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (203.4) (241.0) -15.6% -15.3% Adjusted operating profit 232.3 200.9 +15.6% +16.1% Operating Profit 198.6 131.3 +51.3% Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (4.5) -204.6% Results from equity investments 0.0 8.4 -100.0% Profit before income tax 203.3 135.2 +50.3% Income tax expense (54.7) (33.1) +65.2% Share of non-controlling interests (8.9) (5.6) +57.6% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 139.7 96.5 +44.8% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders3 164.2 147.1 +11.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.58 1.38 +15.0% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 1.35 0.90 +49.1% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.58 1.37 +14.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 1.34 0.90 +48.9%Share count differs between the two periodsQ1 2024 revenue and incomeIn Q1 2024  Euronext’s revenue and income amounted to €401.9 million  up +8.0% compared to Q1 2023  driven by the strong performance of post-trade activities  resulting from the positive contribution of the Euronext Clearing European expansion at the end of November 2023  record performance in fixed income and power trading  as well as solid organic growth in non-volume related businesses.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext revenue and income was up +8.5% in Q1 2024 compared to Q1 2023.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58% of Group revenue in Q1 2024  stable compared to Q1 2023  reflecting continued strong performance of non-volume-related revenue and strong growth in fixed income and power trading as well volume-related clearing activity. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 155% in Q1 2024  compared to 141% in Q1 2023.Q1 2024 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation decreased by -2.0% to €150.7 million  reflecting continued cost discipline in an inflationary environment and the release of some costs provisions. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation decreased by -1.6% compared to Q1 2023.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €251.3 million  up +15.0% compared to Q1 2023. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 62.5%  up +3.8 points compared to Q1 2023. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q1 2024 was up +15.4%  and adjusted EBITDA margin was up +3.8 points compared to the same perimeter in Q1 2023.Q1 2024 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €44.0 million in Q1 2024  +8.6% more than in Q1 2023 due to ongoing migration projects. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.2 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €232.3 million  up +15.6% compared to Q1 2023. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was up +16.1% compared to Q1 2023.€33.7 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q1 2024  related to the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing income for Q1 2024 was €4.7 million  compared to a net financing expense of €4.5 million in Q1 2023. This results from higher interest income due to higher interest rates  offsetting the cost of debt.No result from equity investments was recorded in Q1 2024. As a reminder  in Q1 2023  Euronext reported €8.4 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Sicovam and the contribution from LCH SA.Income tax for Q1 2024 was €54.7 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.9% for the quarter  compared to 24.5% in Q1 2023.Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €8.9 million in Q1 2024.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +44.8% for Q1 2024 compared to Q1 2023  to €139.7 million. This represents a reported EPS of €1.35 basic and €1.34 diluted in Q1 2024  compared to €0.90 basic and €0.90 diluted in Q1 2023. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +11.7% to €164.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +15.0% in Q1 2024  at €1.58 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.38 per share in Q1 2023. This increase reflects higher profit and a lower number of outstanding shares over the first quarter of 2024 compared to the first quarter of 2023.The weighted number of shares used over the first quarter of 2024 was 103 640 164 for the basic calculation and 104 040 256 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 726 832 and 106 991 437 respectively over the first quarter of 2023.In Q1 2024  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €184.6 million  compared to €318.2 million in Q1 2023  reflecting significantly lower negative changes in working capital from CCP activities at Euronext Clearing. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 68.6% of EBITDA in Q1 2024.Q1 2024 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change revenue 57.7 54.7 +5.5% Equity 26.6 26.3 +0.9% o/w Annual fees 18.3 17.3 +5.8% o/w Follow-ons 4.5 5.2 -12.5% o/w IPOs 3.8 3.9 -2.8% Debts 10.5 9.2 +14.1% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 6.0 6.0 +0.3% Corporate Services 12.0 10.7 +12.5% ELITE and Other 2.6 2.5 +3.1%Listing revenue was €57.7 million in Q1 2024  an increase of +5.5% compared to Q1 2023  driven by the strong performance of debt listing  continued strong growth of the Corporate Services SaaS offering and solid equity listing activity.Money raised (€m) Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Equity listings 156 698 -77.6% Follow-ons 8 007 3 812 +110.0% Bonds 494 735 271 645 +82.1% Listed securities Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change New equity listings over the period 10 12 -16.7% # ETFs listed  end of period 3 861 3 772 +2.4% # Bonds listed  end of period 56 862 53 493 +6.3%Euronext sustained its position as the leading equity listing venue in Europe  recording 10 new equity listings in Q1 2024  a third of which were from international companies. It represented 45% of European listing activity. Secondary equity market activity was very dynamic with a doubling of money raised from last year. Equity listing revenue was solid at €26.6 million  primarily supported by revenue from higher annual fees.Euronext Corporate Services revenue grew +12.5% compared to Q1 2023 to €12.0 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products.Debt listing reported a strong performance with revenue at €10.5 million  reflecting a dynamic environment for debt issuance and commercial expansion. Euronext sustained its world leading position in debt listing  now reaching 57 000 bonds listed.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.1% compared to Q1 2023.Trading Cash tradingQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 70.6 71.7 -1.6% ADV Cash market (€m) 10 418 11 468 -9.2%Cash trading revenue decreased by -1.6% to €70.6 million in Q1 2024  resulting from lower trading volumes  primarily offset by the improved revenue capture resulting from the benefits of the migration to Optiq® of Borsa Italiana cash markets on 27 March 2023.Over the first quarter of 2024  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.54 bps  compared to 0.48 bps in Q1 2023 as the benefits of the migration of Italian cash markets to Optiq® offset larger average order size. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 64.6% in Q1 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down –1.6%.Derivatives tradingQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 13.4 14.9 -10.2% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 635 063 680 731 -6.7% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 520 874 595 702 -12.6% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 114 189 85 029 +34.3%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -10.2% to €13.4 million in Q1 2024  due to the soft volume environment for equity and index derivatives  partly offset by continued strong performance of Euronext commodity derivatives.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.33 per lot for the first quarter of 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down –10.1% in Q1 2024 compared to Q1 2023.Fixed income tradingQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 35.2 26.2 +34.5% o/w MTS Cash 24.1 16.0 +50.5% o/w MTS Repo 6.6 6.4 +2.9% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 34 65821 509+61.1% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 491 789422 541+16.4% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 745 1 331 +31.1%Fixed income revenue reached another record at €35.2 million in Q1 2024  up +34.5% compared to Q1 2023  reflecting record quarterly volumes at MTS driven by an economic environment favouring money markets  sustained sovereign issuance activities and supportive volatility.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +34.5% compared to Q1 2023.FX tradingQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 7.1 6.3 +12.7% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 24 742 21 010 +17.8%FX trading revenue was up +12.7% €7.1 million in Q1 2024  supported by growing volumes  slightly offset by a negative volumes mix impact.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +14.1% compared to Q1 2023.Power tradingQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 12.2 9.8 +23.7% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 3.24 3.19 +1.6% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.28 0.17 +64.5%Power trading revenue reported another record quarter with revenue reaching €12.2 million in Q1 2024  up +23.7% compared to Q1 2023  reflecting the continued strong momentum in intraday power market with all-time-high volumes and solid day-ahead volumes.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +28.6% compared to Q1 2023.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €3.1 million revenue in Q1 2024  representing a +17.4% increase compared to Q1 2023  resulting from continued commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +14.7% compared to Q1 2023.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services reached €59.4 million in Q1 2024  up +5.5% from Q1 2023  driven by a strong performance across the data offering resulting from increased non-professional usage and solid demand for fixed-income and power trading data services  as well as by continued momentum of the quant products offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +5.6% compared to Q1 2023.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 104.8 94.0 +11.5% Clearing 37.0 30.0 +23.1% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 20.4 17.8 +14.4% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 16.6 12.2 +35.9% Net treasury income through CCP business 11.7 7.5 +57.0% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 67.8 64.0 +6.0%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 58 446 470 19 758 933 +195.8% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bln – double counted) 7 3926 882+7.4%Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 3 800 0843 785 214+0.4% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 5 823 0897 396 168-21.3%Clearing revenue was up +23.1% to €37.0 million in Q1 2024  reflecting the increase in equity clearing volumes following the expansion of Euronext Clearing to the cash markets in Belgium  France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal in Q4 2023  and higher clearing revenues from the dynamic commodities activity. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €11.1 million of the total clearing revenue in Q1 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +23.1% compared to Q1 2023.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income (NTI) amounted to €11.7 million in Q1 2024  in line with Q4 2023  and representing a +57.0% increase from Q1 2023 levels. As a reminder Q1 2023 NTI was impacted by the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change # settlement instructions over the period 35 963 78535 416 670 +1.5% Assets under Custody (in €bln)  end of period 6 896 6 343 +8.7%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was €67.8 million in Q1 2024  posting a strong organic growth of +6.0% compared to Q1 2023. This reflects growing assets under custody  dynamic issuance activity and continued development of the services offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +7.1% compared to Q1 2023.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue decreased to €26.7 million in Q1 2024  down -3.3% from Q1 2023  driven by the termination of double-run connectivity revenues following the completion of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash and derivatives trading markets to Optiq®.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was down -3.1% compared to Q1 2023.Q1 2024 corporate highlights since publication of the 2023 Universal Registration Document on 28 March 2024Acquisition of Global Rate Set Systems to strengthen Euronext index franchiseOn 29 March 2024  Euronext announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS)  a leading provider of services to benchmark administrators. This acquisition significantly strengthens the Euronext index franchise adding very strong capabilities in contributed data indices and data from a highly respected provider.Founded in 2009 and headquartered in New Zealand  GRSS is a mission-critical service provider to the benchmark administrators that produce three of Europe’s critical interest rate benchmarks: EURIBOR® (global  the world’s largest benchmark)  STIBOR® (Sweden) and NIBOR® (Norway). GRSS also owns and operates two regulated benchmark administrators that produce CIBOR® (Denmark) and PRIBOR (Czech Republic)  and a benchmark administrator that produces the TAB  TADO and ICP indices (Chile). GRSS provides a complete solution for developing  operating  and monetising benchmarks  indices  and other forms of regulated or unregulated market data.The acquisition of GRSS further diversifies and strengthens Euronext’s index franchise  positioning the Group as a leading player for calculating and administrating Interbank Offered Rate (IBOR) indices. In partnership with GRSS management and its founder  Euronext aims to reinforce the positioning of GRSS to become the go-to provider in the contributed data and indices space  leveraging on Euronext’s global leadership and recognition. This acquisition contributes to the growth of Euronext’s fixed and subscription-based revenue.The transaction complies with Euronext capital allocation policy  with a ROCE expected to exceed WACC between years three to five after closing. The completion of the transaction is expected in Q2 2024 and is subject to the usual regulatory approvals.Dividend payment schedule for 2024The Managing Board  upon the approval of the Supervisory Board  has decided to propose for approval at the AGM the payment of a dividend of €2.48 per ordinary share. The dividend would be distributed evenly (pro rata the number of shares held) to holders of ordinary shares on the dividend record date set on 22 May 2024 (ex-dividend date is set on 21 May 2024 and payment date is set on 23 May 2024). This dividend represents a pay-out ratio of 50% of the reported net income  in line with Euronext’s current dividend policy.Corporate highlights since 31 March 2024Successful completion of the migration of Borsa Italiana to the Optiq® trading platformOn 3 April 2024  Euronext announced the successful completion of the migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq®  the third and final phase in the migration process of Borsa Italiana's markets onto Euronext’s state-of-the-art  proprietary trading platform Optiq® on 25 March 2024. This migration was the last in the ambitious integration plan of Italian markets onto the Euronext single trading platform  and was completed less than three years after the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.The migration of Borsa Italiana to Optiq® has been conducted with the ultimate objective of maximising the reciprocal benefits of Euronext the harmonisation process and minimising disruption for the Italian markets and other markets in the Group.This key achievement of the “Growth for Impact 2024” strategic plan in 2024 is core to Euronext’s ambition to build a single liquidity pool  powered by a single technology platform across its markets. The seamless integration of Borsa Italiana’s markets onto the Optiq® platform ensures a harmonised trading environment and streamlined access to a full suite of services for investors and issuers alike. This convergence enhances market efficiency and reinforces Euronext's position as the leading listing and trading venue in Europe. The completion of the transaction is expected in Q2 2024 and is subject to the usual regulatory approvals.Successful launch of Euronext Mid-Point Match offering dark  mid-point and sweep functionalitiesOn 14 April 2024  Euronext announced the successful launch of Euronext Mid-Point Match  its advanced suite of dark  mid-point and sweep functionalities embedded within Euronext's Central Order Book. These enhancements allow trading members and buy-side firms to trade at the real mid-point  without incurring implicit latency costs  to access increased liquidity  while tapping into Euronext’s unique pool of liquidity fostered by local brokers and investors. First introduced on the Brussels market on 18 March 2024  Euronext Mid-Point Match was launched across all Euronext markets on 8 April 2024.Euronext Mid-Point Match offers a sweep functionality  allowing intermediaries to leverage both Euronext’s dark and lit liquidity pools  to increase execution opportunities and flexibility across Euronext seven regulated markets. Dark orders in Euronext Mid-Point Match are pegged to the real-time mid-point of the Euronext Primary Best Bid and Offer  and provide traders with accurate execution opportunities. This results in lower market impact compared to London-based Multilateral Trading Facilities  which typically exhibit a 7-8 millisecond delay in displaying the Primary mid-point. Furthermore  dark-to-lit sweep orders interact seamlessly with the Euronext Central Order Book with zero latency  facilitating swift and efficient execution.Under the Reference Price Waiver for small trades and Large In Scale Waiver for block trades  investors benefit from flexibility in their execution strategies.To safeguard execution quality  Euronext Mid-Point Match offers Minimum Acceptable Quantity and Minimum Execution Size features  providing traders with additional control over their orders.Euronext Securities rolls-out a harmonised corporate actions service to tackle post-trade fragmentation in EuropeOn 22 April 2024  Euronext Securities  the central securities depository (CSD) network connecting European economies to global capital markets  announced the first go-live of its new harmonised corporate actions service. The service  now available for Portuguese fixed income securities  uses a platform developed in partnership with software provider Vermeg to manage the entire lifecycle of corporate actions. It will be extended to Danish fixed income securities this year  and all asset classes across Euronext Securities’ markets by the end of 2025.The management of corporate actions plays a key role in the financial industry. However  the lack of standardisation and harmonisation across markets has led to fragmentation  translating into extra costs and complexity for issuers  investors  and financial intermediaries.The new service addresses these challenges and delivers an efficient  automated and harmonised client experience across all Euronext Securities markets. It will allow users to manage their corporate actions across all the Euronext CSDs on a single efficient and user-friendly platform. The service fully adheres to corporate actions standards and applicable legislation such as the Shareholder Rights Directive II. In sum  the launch of this new service marks a significant contribution to the building of the Capital Markets Union.Euronext upgraded to ‘BBB+  Positive Outlook‘ by S&POn 29 April 2024  Euronext welcomed the decision of S&P to upgrade Euronext from ‘BBB+  Stable Outlook’ to ‘BBB+  Positive Outlook’.S&P decision reflects the approaching completion of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the successful expansion of Euronext Clearing and the continued deleveraging thanks to the group's strong cash flow generation.Euronext volumes for April 2024In April 2024  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €11 071 million  down -2.1% compared to the same period last year.The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 669 741 lots  down -2.2% compared to April 2023  and the open interest was 23 853 063 contracts at the end of April 2024  down -0.1% compared to April 2023.The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $28.7 billion  up +11.7% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were up +88.1% to €35.9 billion in January 2024  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €481.7 billion  stable compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 20 359 076 shares in April 2024  +299.6% compared to April 2023. €2 298.9 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in April 2024 (double counted)  up +22.8% compared to the same period in 2023. 1 339 192 bond retail contracts were cleared in April 2024 (double counted)  up +46.9% compared to April 2023. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was 1 377 019  -33.4% compared to April 2023 (single counted).Euronext Securities reported 10 967 762 settlement instructions in April 2024  up +27.3% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody reached close to €6.9 trillion in April 2024  up +7.0%.AgendaA conference call and webcast will be held on 15 May 2024  at 09:00 CEST (Paris time) / 08:00 BST (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed equity issuers and around €7.1 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of March 2024  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2023 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2023 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ1 2024 Q1 2023 Net income reported 139.7 96.5 EPS reported 1.35 0.90 Adjustments of which revenues 0.0 0.0 of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (8.7) (46.8) of which Depreciation and amortisation (25.0) (22.9) of which Net financing expense (0.0) (0.0) of which results from equity investments 0.0 (0.0) of which Minority interest 0.4 0.9 Tax related to adjustments 8.7 18.2 Adjusted net income 164.2 147.1 Adjusted EPS 1.58 1.38The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorQ1 2024 Q1 2023 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 401.9 - 401.9 372.3 - 372.3 Listing 57.7 - 57.7 54.7 - 54.7 Trading revenue  of which 138.4 - 138.4 128.9 - 128.9 Cash trading 70.6 - 70.6 71.7 - 71.7 Derivatives trading 13.4 - 13.4 14.9 - 14.9 Fixed income trading 35.2 - 35.2 26.2 - 26.2 FX trading 7.1 - 7.1 6.3 - 6.3 Power trading 12.2 - 12.2 9.8 - 9.8 Investor services 3.1 - 3.1 2.6 - 2.6 Advanced data services 59.4 - 59.4 56.3 - 56.3 Post-Trade  of which 104.8 - 104.8 94.0 - 94.0 Clearing 37.0 - 37.0 30.0 - 30.0 Custody & Settlement and other 67.8 - 67.8 64.0 - 64.0 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.7 - 26.7 27.6 - 27.6 Net Financing Income through CCP business 11.7 - 11.7 7.5 - 7.5 Other income 0.2 - 0.2 0.2 - 0.2 Transitional revenues - - - 0.5 - 0.5 Operating expenses excluding D&A (150.7) (8.7) (159.4) (153.8) (46.8) (200.5) Salaries and employee benefits (80.7) (4.4) (85.1) (79.7) (1.3) (80.9) Other operational expenses  of which (70.0) (4.3) (74.3) (74.1) (45.5) (119.6) System & communication (24.6) (1.4) (26.0) (24.0) (1.7) (25.7) Professional services (11.9) (1.9) (13.8) (16.5) (7.0) (23.6) Clearing expense (9.1) - (9.1) (8.6) - (8.6) Accommodation (3.8) (0.3) (4.1) (3.5) (0.1) (3.5) Other operational expenses (20.6) (0.7) (21.3) (21.6) (36.7) (58.2) EBITDA 251.3 (8.7) 242.6 218.5 (46.8) 171.8 EBITDA margin 62.5% 60.4% 58.7% 46.1% Depreciation & amortisation (19.0) (25.0) (44.0) (17.6) (22.9) (40.5) Total expenses (169.7) (33.7) (203.4) (171.4) (69.7) (241.0) Operating profit 232.3 (33.7) 198.6 200.9 (69.7) 131.3 Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (0.0) 4.7 (4.5) (0.0) (4.5) Results from equity investment 0.0 - 0.0 8.4 - 8.4 Profit before income tax 237.0 (33.7) 203.3 204.9 (69.7) 135.2 Income tax expense (63.4) 8.7 (54.7) (51.3) 18.2 (33.1) Non-controlling interests (9.3) 0.4 (8.9) (6.5) 0.9 (5.6) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 164.2 (24.5) 139.7 147.1 (50.6) 96.5 EPS (basic  in €) 1.58 1.35 1.38 0.90 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.58 1.34 1.37 0.90Consolidated comprehensive income statementQ1 2024 Q1 2023 Profit for the period 148.6 102.1 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (26.3) (62.9) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2.6 6.8 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 0.2 5.4 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.1) (1.5) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.1 -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (0.3) - Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax (23.8) (52.2) Total comprehensive income for the period 124.8 49.9 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 116.6 45.5 – Non-controlling interests 8.2 4.4The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated balance sheetin € million 31 March 2024 31 December 2023 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 107.2 114.4 Right-of-use assets 56.1 55.7 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 069.8 6 108.2 Deferred income tax assets 32.3 31.3 Investments in associates and joint ventures 1.3 1.3 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 262.6 262.7 Other non-current assets 4.4 4.5 Total non-current assets 6 533.8 6 578.0 Current assets Trade and other receivables 392.2 333.6 Income tax receivable 28.3 58.6 CCP clearing business assets 212 122.7 183 715.2 Other current financial assets 105.1 103.1 Cash & cash equivalents 1 609.6 1 448.8 Total current assets 214 257.9 185 659.3 Total assets 220 791.7 192 237.3 Equity Shareholders' equity 4 064.1 3 945.7 Non-controlling interests 147.8 139.7 Total Equity 4 211.9 4 085.3 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 032.8 3 031.6 Lease liabilities 37.6 37.3 Deferred income tax liabilities 523.7 531.9 Post-employment benefits 22.3 22.7 Contract liabilities 59.0 60.0 Other provisions 7.2 7.3 Total Non-current liabilities 3 682.6 3 690.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 24.2 17.3 Lease liabilities 23.2 22.2 CCP clearing business liabilities 212 229.1 183 832.2 Income tax payable 87.7 89.1 Trade and other payables 367.2 415.8 Contract liabilities 160.4 79.3 Other provisions 5.4 5.2 Total Current liabilities 212 897.2 184 461.1 Total equity and liabilities 220 791.7 192 237.3The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilities. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor.Consolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Profit before tax 203.3 135.2 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 44.0 40.5 - Share based payments 3.9 3.6 - Results from equity investments - (5.1) - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures - (3.3) - Changes in working capital (36.6) 173.8 Cash flow from operating activities 214.7 344.7 Income tax paid (30.0) (26.5) Net cash flows from operating activities 184.6 318.2 Cash flow from investing activities Purchase of current financial assets (21.7) (3.3) Redemption of current financial assets 18.6 56.6 Purchase of property  plant and equipment 0.1 (3.7) Purchase of intangible assets (16.4) (20.2) Proceeds from sale of Property  plant  equipment and intangible assets 0.1 - Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI 0.1 Interest received 10.4 3.3 Dividends received from equity investments - 5.1 Dividends received from associates - - Net cash flow from investing activities (8.9) 37.9 Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (0.2) (0.4) Payment of lease liabilities (5.5) (6.8) Acquisitions of own shares (2.1) 0.0 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (0.3) - Net cash flow from financing activities (8.2) (7.2) Total cash flow over the period 167.6 348.9 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 448.8 1 001.1 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (6.8) (14.2) Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 609.6 1 335.7The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor.Volumes for the first quarter of 2024Cash marketsQ1 2024 Q1 2023 %var Number of trading days 63 65 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 152 228 332 188 907 420 -19.4% ADV Cash Market 2 416 323 2 906 268 -16.9% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 656 316 745 410 -12.0% ADV Cash Market 10 418 11 468 -9.2% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 860 1 922 -3.2% SMEs 1 463 1 526 -4.1% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 392 2 762 -13.4% ETFs 3 861 3 772 +2.4% Bonds 56 862 53 493 +6.3% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 10 12 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 156 698 -77.6% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 8 007 3 812 +110.0% Money Raised - Bonds 494 735 271 645 +82.1% Total Money Raised 502 899 276 155 +82.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 9 12 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 156 698 -77.6% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 952 1 447 +242.1% Money Raised - Bonds 1 078 976 +10.4% Total Money Raised 6 186 3 122 +98.2%Fixed income marketsQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 34 658 21 509 +61.1% TAADV MTS Repo 491 789 422 541 +16.4% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 745 1 331 +31.1%FX marketsQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % var Number of trading days 64 65 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 583 472 1 365 628 +16.0% ADV Euronext FX 24 742 21 010 +17.8%Power marketsQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % var Number of trading days 91 90 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 3.24 3.19 +1.6% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.28 0.17 +64.5%Derivatives marketsQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % var Number of trading days 63 65 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 32 815 066 38 720 652 -15.3% Index 12 477 980 15 671 950 -20.4% Futures 7 240 666 10 184 256 -28.9% Options 5 237 314 5 487 694 -4.6% Individual Equity 20 337 086 23 048 702 -11.8% Futures 574 911 474 159 +21.2% Options 19 762 175 22 574 543 -12.5% Commodity 7 193 909 5 526 880 +30.2% Futures 6 756 390 4 845 252 +39.4% Options 437 519 681 628 -35.8% Total Euronext 40 008 975 44 247 532 -9.6% Total Futures 14 571 967 15 503 667 -6.0% Total Options 25 437 008 28 743 865 -11.5% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 520 874 595 702 -12.6% Index 198 063 241 107 -17.9% Futures 114 931 156 681 -26.6% Options 83 132 84 426 -1.5% Individual Equity 322 811 354 595 -9.0% Futures 9 126 7 295 +25.1% Options 313 685 347 301 -9.7% Commodity 114 189 85 029 34.3% Futures 107 244 74 542 +43.9% Options 6 945 10 487 -33.8% Total Euronext 635 063 680 731 -6.7% Total Futures 231 301 238 518 -3.0% Total Options 403 762 442 213 -8.7%Derivatives open interest31 March 2024 31 March 2023 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 21 831 754 22 012 176 -0.8% Index 878 571 1 334 625 -34.2% Futures 638 777 613 962 4.0% Options 239 794 720 663 -66.7% Individual Equity 20 953 183 20 677 551 1.3% Futures 564 408 131 440 329.4% Options 20 388 775 20 546 111 -0.8% Commodity 903 204 990 532 -8.8% Futures 564 561 581 718 -2.9% Options 338 643 408 814 -17.2% Total Euronext 22 734 958 23 002 708 -1.2% Total Futures 1 767 746 1 327 120 33.2% Total Options 20 967 212 21 675 588 -3.3%1 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.2 Like-for-like basis at constant currency3 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.67,0.18,0.15,True,English,"['Q1 2024 results', 'Euronext', 'cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', '€5.0 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', '€36.0 million pre-tax non-underlying provision', 'art, proprietary trading platform', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Borsa Italiana Group integration', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'Euronext single trading platform', 'dynamic debt listing activity', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'ambitious integration plan', 'higher issuance activities', 'dynamic non-professional usage', 'positive one-off releases', 'positive base effect', 'S&P rating', 'BBB+ Positive Outlook', 'parent company shareholders', 'Global Rate Se', 'power trading data', 'diversified business model', 'strong organic growth', 'softer financial derivatives', 'volume related revenue', 'Italian derivatives trading', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Euronext Corporate Services', 'new equity listings', 'Net treasury income', 'continued cost control', 'services business', 'dynamic commodities', 'Trading revenue', 'cash trading', 'leading position', 'leading venue', 'Net debt', 'Listing revenue', 'softer environment', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'EBITDA margin', 'additional business', 'operational expenses', 'Strong start', 'Strong performance', 'total revenue', 'Settlement revenue', 'Clearing revenue', 'l2 Revenue', 'record topline', 'first quarter', 'D&A', 'growing assets', 'analytic products', 'Technology Solutions', 'European equities', 'termination fee', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'final phase', 'Italian markets', 'net income', 'fixed income', 'record results', 'clearing agreement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'share count', 'share capital', 'migration process', 'Q1 2024 revenue', 'Adjusted EPS', 'Q1 2024 results', '10 listings', 'Contacts', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'year', '14 May', 'Custody', 'expansion', 'demand', 'fixed-income', '27 November', 'volumes', 'end', 'March', 'acquisition', 'Optiq®', 'third', 'GRSS']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-publishes-Q1-2024-results-46720633/,Euronext publishes Q1 2024 results,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext publishes…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q1 2024 resultsStrong start of the year with record topline driven by strong organic growth of Euronext’s diversified business model.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 14 May 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the first quarter 2024.Q1 2024 revenue and income was up +8.0% at €401.9 million: Strong performance of non-volume related revenue representing 58% of total revenue and income (stable compared to Q1 2023) and covering 155% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 1 (vs. 141% in Q1 2023): Custody and Settlement revenue grew to €67.8 million (+6.0%)  driven by growing assets under custody  higher issuance activities and continued expansion of the services business; Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €59.4 million (+5.5%)  driven by dynamic non-professional usage  continued demand for fixed-income and power trading data and continued demand for analytic products; Listing revenue grew to €57.7 million (+5.5%)  driven by the strong performance of Euronext Corporate Services and dynamic debt listing activity. Euronext sustained its leading position for equity listing in Europe  recording 45% of new equity listings with 10 listings  and as the leading venue for debt listing globally; Technology Solutions reported €26.7 million of revenue (-3.3%).Clearing revenue grew to €37.0 million (+23.1%)  thanks to the additional business captured by Euronext Clearing following its expansion for European equities on 27 November 2023 and dynamic commodities clearing revenue  despite softer financial derivatives clearing volumes. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €11.7 million (+57.0%).Trading revenue grew to €138.4 million (+7.4%)  driven by record results in fixed income (€35.2 million  +34.5%) and power trading (€12.2 million  +23.7%). This strong performance was achieved despite the softer environment for cash trading (€70.6 million  -1.6%) and derivatives trading (€13.4 million  -10.2%) .Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 1 were €150.7 million (-2.0%)   thanks to continued cost control and some positive one-off releases.  thanks to continued cost control and some positive one-off releases. Adjusted EBITDA 1 was €251.3 million (+15.0%) and adjusted EBITDA margin was 62.5% (+3.8 pts).Adjusted net income 1 was €164.2 million (+11.7%) and adjusted EPS was €1.58 (+15.0%).Reported net income was €139.7 million (+44.8%)  reflecting the positive base effect of the €36.0 million pre-tax non-underlying provision related to the termination fee of the clearing agreement in Q1 2023.reflecting the positive base effect of the €36.0 million pre-tax non-underlying provision related to the termination fee of the clearing agreement in Q1 2023. Net debt to reported EBITDA was at 1.7x at the end of March 2024 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 1.6x . S&P rating was upgraded in May 2024 to BBB+ Positive Outlook.. S&P rating was upgraded in May 2024 to BBB+ Positive Outlook. Key figures for the first quarter of 2024:In €m  unless stated otherwise Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % var % var l-f-l2 Revenue and income 401.9 372.3 +8.0% +8.5% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A2 (150.7) (153.8) -2.0% -1.6% Adjusted EBITDA 251.3 218.5 +15.0% +15.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 62.5% 58.7% +3.8pts +3.8pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 139.7 96.5 +44.8% Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 164.2 147.1 +11.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.58 1.38 +15.0% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.35 0.90 +49.1% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.58 1.37 +14.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.34 0.90 +48.9%Last year of the Borsa Italiana Group integration: €79.0 million of cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were achieved at end of March 2024.€5.0 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies were delivered in Q1 2024. €105.8 million cumulated implementation costs were incurred since the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  of which €3.0 million were incurred during Q1 2024 . Euronext completed the migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq®  the third and final phase in the migration process of Borsa Italiana's markets onto Euronext’s state-of-the-art  proprietary trading platform Optiq® on 25 March 2024. This migration was the last in the ambitious integration plan of Italian markets onto the Euronext single trading platform  and was completed less than three years after the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.Acquisition of GRSS:Euronext announced on 29 March 2024 that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS).GRSS is a leading and highly respected provider of services to benchmark administrators. GRSS is a mission-critical service provider to the benchmark administrators that notably produce three of Europe’s critical interest rate benchmarks: EURIBOR®  STIBOR® and NIBOR®.The acquisition of GRSS contributes to the growth of Euronext’s fixed and subscription-based revenue. This acquisition further diversifies and strengthens Euronext’s index franchise  positioning the Group as a leading player for calculating and administrating Interbank Offered Rate (IBOR) indices. In partnership with GRSS management and its founder  Euronext aims to reinforce the positioning of GRSS to become the go-to provider in the contributed data and indices space  leveraging on Euronext’s global leadership and recognition.Continued innovation in trading with the successful launch of Euronext Mid-Point Match offering dark  mid-point and sweep functionalities:In April 2024  Euronext announced the successful launch of Euronext Mid-Point Match across all its European markets  its advanced suite of dark  mid-point and sweep functionalities embedded within Euronext's Central Order Book. These enhancements allow trading members and buy-side firms to trade at the real mid-point  without incurring implicit latency costs  to access increased liquidity  while tapping into Euronext’s unique pool of liquidity fostered by local brokers and investors.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“In the first quarter of 2024  Euronext reached record revenue and income of €401.9 million. Strong organic growth in our non-volume related businesses  combined with record quarter in fixed income and power trading and double-digit growth in our post-trade activities  drove the Group revenue's growth to +8.0%.Combined with our trademark cost discipline in an inflationary environment  this record performance led to a +15.0% increase in adjusted EBITDA  to €251.3 million  and to a 62.5% adjusted EBITDA margin.Our reported net profit grew +44.8% to €139.7 million as a result of this strong performance and of the positive base effect of the provision related to the termination fee of the clearing agreement in Q1 2023. Adjusted net profit grew +11.7% to €164.2 million  and adjusted EPS reached €1.58  representing a +15.0% increase from last year.We continued to work on the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and we reached €79 million of cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies in relation with the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group at the end of the first quarter of 2024. We have successfully completed in March the migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq®  the third and final phase in the migration process of Borsa Italiana's markets onto Euronext’s proprietary trading platform. The final step of the integration will be delivered in the third quarter of 2024 when we will expand the operations of Euronext Clearing to Euronext European listed derivatives to complete our presence on the entire trading value chain. This milestone will be the final step to reaching the targeted €115 million of run-rate EBITDA synergies by the end of 2024.We strengthened and broadened our data and indices offering with the acquisition of Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS). GRSS is a leading provider of services to benchmark administrators and has a strong track record of continued revenue growth and high-quality service. We are glad to welcome the GRSS teams  to work together to take GRSS to the next step and further globally expand Euronext’s index capabilities. Meanwhile we continue to work actively on the preparation of our 2024 Capital Market Day that will be take place on 8 November 2024 in Paris.”Q1 2024 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 401.9 372.3 +8.0% +8.5% Listing 57.7 54.7 +5.5% +6.1% Trading revenue  of which 138.4 128.9 +7.4% +7.8% Cash trading 70.6 71.7 -1.6% -1.6% Derivatives trading 13.4 14.9 -10.2% -10.1% Fixed income trading 35.2 26.2 +34.5% +34.5% FX trading 7.1 6.3 +12.7% +14.1% Power trading 12.2 9.8 +23.7% +28.6% Investor Services 3.1 2.6 +17.4% +14.7% Advanced Data Services 59.4 56.3 +5.5% +5.6% Post-Trade  of which 104.8 94.0 +11.5% +12.2% Clearing 37.0 30.0 +23.1% +23.1% Custody and Settlement 67.8 64.0 +6.0% +7.1% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.7 27.6 -3.3% -3.1% NTI through CCP business 11.7 7.5 +57.0% +57.0% Other income 0.2 0.2 +2.3% +2.8% Transitional revenues - 0.5 -100.0% -100.0% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (150.7) (153.8) -2.0% -1.6% Adjusted EBITDA 251.3 218.5 +15.0% +15.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 62.5% 58.7% +3.8pts +3.8pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (159.4) (200.5) -20.5% -20.3% EBITDA 242.6 171.8 +41.2% +41.9% Depreciation & Amortisation (44.0) (40.5) +8.6% +9.1% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (203.4) (241.0) -15.6% -15.3% Adjusted operating profit 232.3 200.9 +15.6% +16.1% Operating Profit 198.6 131.3 +51.3% Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (4.5) -204.6% Results from equity investments 0.0 8.4 -100.0% Profit before income tax 203.3 135.2 +50.3% Income tax expense (54.7) (33.1) +65.2% Share of non-controlling interests (8.9) (5.6) +57.6% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 139.7 96.5 +44.8% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders3 164.2 147.1 +11.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.58 1.38 +15.0% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 1.35 0.90 +49.1% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.58 1.37 +14.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 1.34 0.90 +48.9%Share count differs between the two periodsQ1 2024 revenue and incomeIn Q1 2024  Euronext’s revenue and income amounted to €401.9 million  up +8.0% compared to Q1 2023  driven by the strong performance of post-trade activities  resulting from the positive contribution of the Euronext Clearing European expansion at the end of November 2023  record performance in fixed income and power trading  as well as solid organic growth in non-volume related businesses.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext revenue and income was up +8.5% in Q1 2024 compared to Q1 2023.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58% of Group revenue in Q1 2024  stable compared to Q1 2023  reflecting continued strong performance of non-volume-related revenue and strong growth in fixed income and power trading as well volume-related clearing activity. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 155% in Q1 2024  compared to 141% in Q1 2023.Q1 2024 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation decreased by -2.0% to €150.7 million  reflecting continued cost discipline in an inflationary environment and the release of some costs provisions. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation decreased by -1.6% compared to Q1 2023.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €251.3 million  up +15.0% compared to Q1 2023. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 62.5%  up +3.8 points compared to Q1 2023. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q1 2024 was up +15.4%  and adjusted EBITDA margin was up +3.8 points compared to the same perimeter in Q1 2023.Q1 2024 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €44.0 million in Q1 2024  +8.6% more than in Q1 2023 due to ongoing migration projects. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.2 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €232.3 million  up +15.6% compared to Q1 2023. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was up +16.1% compared to Q1 2023.€33.7 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q1 2024  related to the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing income for Q1 2024 was €4.7 million  compared to a net financing expense of €4.5 million in Q1 2023. This results from higher interest income due to higher interest rates  offsetting the cost of debt.No result from equity investments was recorded in Q1 2024. As a reminder  in Q1 2023  Euronext reported €8.4 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Sicovam and the contribution from LCH SA.Income tax for Q1 2024 was €54.7 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.9% for the quarter  compared to 24.5% in Q1 2023.Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €8.9 million in Q1 2024.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +44.8% for Q1 2024 compared to Q1 2023  to €139.7 million. This represents a reported EPS of €1.35 basic and €1.34 diluted in Q1 2024  compared to €0.90 basic and €0.90 diluted in Q1 2023. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +11.7% to €164.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +15.0% in Q1 2024  at €1.58 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.38 per share in Q1 2023. This increase reflects higher profit and a lower number of outstanding shares over the first quarter of 2024 compared to the first quarter of 2023.The weighted number of shares used over the first quarter of 2024 was 103 640 164 for the basic calculation and 104 040 256 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 726 832 and 106 991 437 respectively over the first quarter of 2023.In Q1 2024  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €184.6 million  compared to €318.2 million in Q1 2023  reflecting significantly lower negative changes in working capital from CCP activities at Euronext Clearing. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 68.6% of EBITDA in Q1 2024.Q1 2024 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change revenue 57.7 54.7 +5.5% Equity 26.6 26.3 +0.9% o/w Annual fees 18.3 17.3 +5.8% o/w Follow-ons 4.5 5.2 -12.5% o/w IPOs 3.8 3.9 -2.8% Debts 10.5 9.2 +14.1% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 6.0 6.0 +0.3% Corporate Services 12.0 10.7 +12.5% ELITE and Other 2.6 2.5 +3.1%Listing revenue was €57.7 million in Q1 2024  an increase of +5.5% compared to Q1 2023  driven by the strong performance of debt listing  continued strong growth of the Corporate Services SaaS offering and solid equity listing activity.Money raised (€m) Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Equity listings 156 698 -77.6% Follow-ons 8 007 3 812 +110.0% Bonds 494 735 271 645 +82.1% Listed securities Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change New equity listings over the period 10 12 -16.7% # ETFs listed  end of period 3 861 3 772 +2.4% # Bonds listed  end of period 56 862 53 493 +6.3%Euronext sustained its position as the leading equity listing venue in Europe  recording 10 new equity listings in Q1 2024  a third of which were from international companies. It represented 45% of European listing activity. Secondary equity market activity was very dynamic with a doubling of money raised from last year. Equity listing revenue was solid at €26.6 million  primarily supported by revenue from higher annual fees.Euronext Corporate Services revenue grew +12.5% compared to Q1 2023 to €12.0 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products.Debt listing reported a strong performance with revenue at €10.5 million  reflecting a dynamic environment for debt issuance and commercial expansion. Euronext sustained its world leading position in debt listing  now reaching 57 000 bonds listed.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.1% compared to Q1 2023.Trading Cash tradingQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 70.6 71.7 -1.6% ADV Cash market (€m) 10 418 11 468 -9.2%Cash trading revenue decreased by -1.6% to €70.6 million in Q1 2024  resulting from lower trading volumes  primarily offset by the improved revenue capture resulting from the benefits of the migration to Optiq® of Borsa Italiana cash markets on 27 March 2023.Over the first quarter of 2024  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.54 bps  compared to 0.48 bps in Q1 2023 as the benefits of the migration of Italian cash markets to Optiq® offset larger average order size. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 64.6% in Q1 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down –1.6%.Derivatives tradingQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 13.4 14.9 -10.2% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 635 063 680 731 -6.7% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 520 874 595 702 -12.6% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 114 189 85 029 +34.3%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -10.2% to €13.4 million in Q1 2024  due to the soft volume environment for equity and index derivatives  partly offset by continued strong performance of Euronext commodity derivatives.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.33 per lot for the first quarter of 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down –10.1% in Q1 2024 compared to Q1 2023.Fixed income tradingQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 35.2 26.2 +34.5% o/w MTS Cash 24.1 16.0 +50.5% o/w MTS Repo 6.6 6.4 +2.9% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 34 65821 509+61.1% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 491 789422 541+16.4% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 745 1 331 +31.1%Fixed income revenue reached another record at €35.2 million in Q1 2024  up +34.5% compared to Q1 2023  reflecting record quarterly volumes at MTS driven by an economic environment favouring money markets  sustained sovereign issuance activities and supportive volatility.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +34.5% compared to Q1 2023.FX tradingQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 7.1 6.3 +12.7% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 24 742 21 010 +17.8%FX trading revenue was up +12.7% €7.1 million in Q1 2024  supported by growing volumes  slightly offset by a negative volumes mix impact.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +14.1% compared to Q1 2023.Power tradingQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 12.2 9.8 +23.7% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 3.24 3.19 +1.6% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.28 0.17 +64.5%Power trading revenue reported another record quarter with revenue reaching €12.2 million in Q1 2024  up +23.7% compared to Q1 2023  reflecting the continued strong momentum in intraday power market with all-time-high volumes and solid day-ahead volumes.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +28.6% compared to Q1 2023.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €3.1 million revenue in Q1 2024  representing a +17.4% increase compared to Q1 2023  resulting from continued commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +14.7% compared to Q1 2023.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services reached €59.4 million in Q1 2024  up +5.5% from Q1 2023  driven by a strong performance across the data offering resulting from increased non-professional usage and solid demand for fixed-income and power trading data services  as well as by continued momentum of the quant products offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +5.6% compared to Q1 2023.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 104.8 94.0 +11.5% Clearing 37.0 30.0 +23.1% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 20.4 17.8 +14.4% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 16.6 12.2 +35.9% Net treasury income through CCP business 11.7 7.5 +57.0% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 67.8 64.0 +6.0%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 58 446 470 19 758 933 +195.8% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bln – double counted) 7 3926 882+7.4%Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 3 800 0843 785 214+0.4% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 5 823 0897 396 168-21.3%Clearing revenue was up +23.1% to €37.0 million in Q1 2024  reflecting the increase in equity clearing volumes following the expansion of Euronext Clearing to the cash markets in Belgium  France  Ireland  the Netherlands  and Portugal in Q4 2023  and higher clearing revenues from the dynamic commodities activity. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €11.1 million of the total clearing revenue in Q1 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +23.1% compared to Q1 2023.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income (NTI) amounted to €11.7 million in Q1 2024  in line with Q4 2023  and representing a +57.0% increase from Q1 2023 levels. As a reminder Q1 2023 NTI was impacted by the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity Q1 2024 Q1 2023 % change # settlement instructions over the period 35 963 78535 416 670 +1.5% Assets under Custody (in €bln)  end of period 6 896 6 343 +8.7%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was €67.8 million in Q1 2024  posting a strong organic growth of +6.0% compared to Q1 2023. This reflects growing assets under custody  dynamic issuance activity and continued development of the services offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +7.1% compared to Q1 2023.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue decreased to €26.7 million in Q1 2024  down -3.3% from Q1 2023  driven by the termination of double-run connectivity revenues following the completion of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash and derivatives trading markets to Optiq®.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was down -3.1% compared to Q1 2023.Q1 2024 corporate highlights since publication of the 2023 Universal Registration Document on 28 March 2024Acquisition of Global Rate Set Systems to strengthen Euronext index franchiseOn 29 March 2024  Euronext announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS)  a leading provider of services to benchmark administrators. This acquisition significantly strengthens the Euronext index franchise adding very strong capabilities in contributed data indices and data from a highly respected provider.Founded in 2009 and headquartered in New Zealand  GRSS is a mission-critical service provider to the benchmark administrators that produce three of Europe’s critical interest rate benchmarks: EURIBOR® (global  the world’s largest benchmark)  STIBOR® (Sweden) and NIBOR® (Norway). GRSS also owns and operates two regulated benchmark administrators that produce CIBOR® (Denmark) and PRIBOR (Czech Republic)  and a benchmark administrator that produces the TAB  TADO and ICP indices (Chile). GRSS provides a complete solution for developing  operating  and monetising benchmarks  indices  and other forms of regulated or unregulated market data.The acquisition of GRSS further diversifies and strengthens Euronext’s index franchise  positioning the Group as a leading player for calculating and administrating Interbank Offered Rate (IBOR) indices. In partnership with GRSS management and its founder  Euronext aims to reinforce the positioning of GRSS to become the go-to provider in the contributed data and indices space  leveraging on Euronext’s global leadership and recognition. This acquisition contributes to the growth of Euronext’s fixed and subscription-based revenue.The transaction complies with Euronext capital allocation policy  with a ROCE expected to exceed WACC between years three to five after closing. The completion of the transaction is expected in Q2 2024 and is subject to the usual regulatory approvals.Dividend payment schedule for 2024The Managing Board  upon the approval of the Supervisory Board  has decided to propose for approval at the AGM the payment of a dividend of €2.48 per ordinary share. The dividend would be distributed evenly (pro rata the number of shares held) to holders of ordinary shares on the dividend record date set on 22 May 2024 (ex-dividend date is set on 21 May 2024 and payment date is set on 23 May 2024). This dividend represents a pay-out ratio of 50% of the reported net income  in line with Euronext’s current dividend policy.Corporate highlights since 31 March 2024Successful completion of the migration of Borsa Italiana to the Optiq® trading platformOn 3 April 2024  Euronext announced the successful completion of the migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq®  the third and final phase in the migration process of Borsa Italiana's markets onto Euronext’s state-of-the-art  proprietary trading platform Optiq® on 25 March 2024. This migration was the last in the ambitious integration plan of Italian markets onto the Euronext single trading platform  and was completed less than three years after the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.The migration of Borsa Italiana to Optiq® has been conducted with the ultimate objective of maximising the reciprocal benefits of Euronext the harmonisation process and minimising disruption for the Italian markets and other markets in the Group.This key achievement of the “Growth for Impact 2024” strategic plan in 2024 is core to Euronext’s ambition to build a single liquidity pool  powered by a single technology platform across its markets. The seamless integration of Borsa Italiana’s markets onto the Optiq® platform ensures a harmonised trading environment and streamlined access to a full suite of services for investors and issuers alike. This convergence enhances market efficiency and reinforces Euronext's position as the leading listing and trading venue in Europe. The completion of the transaction is expected in Q2 2024 and is subject to the usual regulatory approvals.Successful launch of Euronext Mid-Point Match offering dark  mid-point and sweep functionalitiesOn 14 April 2024  Euronext announced the successful launch of Euronext Mid-Point Match  its advanced suite of dark  mid-point and sweep functionalities embedded within Euronext's Central Order Book. These enhancements allow trading members and buy-side firms to trade at the real mid-point  without incurring implicit latency costs  to access increased liquidity  while tapping into Euronext’s unique pool of liquidity fostered by local brokers and investors. First introduced on the Brussels market on 18 March 2024  Euronext Mid-Point Match was launched across all Euronext markets on 8 April 2024.Euronext Mid-Point Match offers a sweep functionality  allowing intermediaries to leverage both Euronext’s dark and lit liquidity pools  to increase execution opportunities and flexibility across Euronext seven regulated markets. Dark orders in Euronext Mid-Point Match are pegged to the real-time mid-point of the Euronext Primary Best Bid and Offer  and provide traders with accurate execution opportunities. This results in lower market impact compared to London-based Multilateral Trading Facilities  which typically exhibit a 7-8 millisecond delay in displaying the Primary mid-point. Furthermore  dark-to-lit sweep orders interact seamlessly with the Euronext Central Order Book with zero latency  facilitating swift and efficient execution.Under the Reference Price Waiver for small trades and Large In Scale Waiver for block trades  investors benefit from flexibility in their execution strategies.To safeguard execution quality  Euronext Mid-Point Match offers Minimum Acceptable Quantity and Minimum Execution Size features  providing traders with additional control over their orders.Euronext Securities rolls-out a harmonised corporate actions service to tackle post-trade fragmentation in EuropeOn 22 April 2024  Euronext Securities  the central securities depository (CSD) network connecting European economies to global capital markets  announced the first go-live of its new harmonised corporate actions service. The service  now available for Portuguese fixed income securities  uses a platform developed in partnership with software provider Vermeg to manage the entire lifecycle of corporate actions. It will be extended to Danish fixed income securities this year  and all asset classes across Euronext Securities’ markets by the end of 2025.The management of corporate actions plays a key role in the financial industry. However  the lack of standardisation and harmonisation across markets has led to fragmentation  translating into extra costs and complexity for issuers  investors  and financial intermediaries.The new service addresses these challenges and delivers an efficient  automated and harmonised client experience across all Euronext Securities markets. It will allow users to manage their corporate actions across all the Euronext CSDs on a single efficient and user-friendly platform. The service fully adheres to corporate actions standards and applicable legislation such as the Shareholder Rights Directive II. In sum  the launch of this new service marks a significant contribution to the building of the Capital Markets Union.Euronext upgraded to ‘BBB+  Positive Outlook‘ by S&POn 29 April 2024  Euronext welcomed the decision of S&P to upgrade Euronext from ‘BBB+  Stable Outlook’ to ‘BBB+  Positive Outlook’.S&P decision reflects the approaching completion of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the successful expansion of Euronext Clearing and the continued deleveraging thanks to the group's strong cash flow generation.Euronext volumes for April 2024In April 2024  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €11 071 million  down -2.1% compared to the same period last year.The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 669 741 lots  down -2.2% compared to April 2023  and the open interest was 23 853 063 contracts at the end of April 2024  down -0.1% compared to April 2023.The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $28.7 billion  up +11.7% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were up +88.1% to €35.9 billion in January 2024  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €481.7 billion  stable compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 20 359 076 shares in April 2024  +299.6% compared to April 2023. €2 298.9 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in April 2024 (double counted)  up +22.8% compared to the same period in 2023. 1 339 192 bond retail contracts were cleared in April 2024 (double counted)  up +46.9% compared to April 2023. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was 1 377 019  -33.4% compared to April 2023 (single counted).Euronext Securities reported 10 967 762 settlement instructions in April 2024  up +27.3% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody reached close to €6.9 trillion in April 2024  up +7.0%.AgendaA conference call and webcast will be held on 15 May 2024  at 09:00 CEST (Paris time) / 08:00 BST (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice @euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 p ortugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed equity issuers and around €7.1 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of March 2024  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2023 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2023 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ1 2024 Q1 2023 Net income reported 139.7 96.5 EPS reported 1.35 0.90 Adjustments of which revenues 0.0 0.0 of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (8.7) (46.8) of which Depreciation and amortisation (25.0) (22.9) of which Net financing expense (0.0) (0.0) of which results from equity investments 0.0 (0.0) of which Minority interest 0.4 0.9 Tax related to adjustments 8.7 18.2 Adjusted net income 164.2 147.1 Adjusted EPS 1.58 1.38The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorQ1 2024 Q1 2023 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 401.9 - 401.9 372.3 - 372.3 Listing 57.7 - 57.7 54.7 - 54.7 Trading revenue  of which 138.4 - 138.4 128.9 - 128.9 Cash trading 70.6 - 70.6 71.7 - 71.7 Derivatives trading 13.4 - 13.4 14.9 - 14.9 Fixed income trading 35.2 - 35.2 26.2 - 26.2 FX trading 7.1 - 7.1 6.3 - 6.3 Power trading 12.2 - 12.2 9.8 - 9.8 Investor services 3.1 - 3.1 2.6 - 2.6 Advanced data services 59.4 - 59.4 56.3 - 56.3 Post-Trade  of which 104.8 - 104.8 94.0 - 94.0 Clearing 37.0 - 37.0 30.0 - 30.0 Custody & Settlement and other 67.8 - 67.8 64.0 - 64.0 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.7 - 26.7 27.6 - 27.6 Net Financing Income through CCP business 11.7 - 11.7 7.5 - 7.5 Other income 0.2 - 0.2 0.2 - 0.2 Transitional revenues - - - 0.5 - 0.5 Operating expenses excluding D&A (150.7) (8.7) (159.4) (153.8) (46.8) (200.5) Salaries and employee benefits (80.7) (4.4) (85.1) (79.7) (1.3) (80.9) Other operational expenses  of which (70.0) (4.3) (74.3) (74.1) (45.5) (119.6) System & communication (24.6) (1.4) (26.0) (24.0) (1.7) (25.7) Professional services (11.9) (1.9) (13.8) (16.5) (7.0) (23.6) Clearing expense (9.1) - (9.1) (8.6) - (8.6) Accommodation (3.8) (0.3) (4.1) (3.5) (0.1) (3.5) Other operational expenses (20.6) (0.7) (21.3) (21.6) (36.7) (58.2) EBITDA 251.3 (8.7) 242.6 218.5 (46.8) 171.8 EBITDA margin 62.5% 60.4% 58.7% 46.1% Depreciation & amortisation (19.0) (25.0) (44.0) (17.6) (22.9) (40.5) Total expenses (169.7) (33.7) (203.4) (171.4) (69.7) (241.0) Operating profit 232.3 (33.7) 198.6 200.9 (69.7) 131.3 Net financing income / (expense) 4.7 (0.0) 4.7 (4.5) (0.0) (4.5) Results from equity investment 0.0 - 0.0 8.4 - 8.4 Profit before income tax 237.0 (33.7) 203.3 204.9 (69.7) 135.2 Income tax expense (63.4) 8.7 (54.7) (51.3) 18.2 (33.1) Non-controlling interests (9.3) 0.4 (8.9) (6.5) 0.9 (5.6) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 164.2 (24.5) 139.7 147.1 (50.6) 96.5 EPS (basic  in €) 1.58 1.35 1.38 0.90 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.58 1.34 1.37 0.90Consolidated comprehensive income statementQ1 2024 Q1 2023 Profit for the period 148.6 102.1 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (26.3) (62.9) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2.6 6.8 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 0.2 5.4 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.1) (1.5) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.1 -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (0.3) - Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax (23.8) (52.2) Total comprehensive income for the period 124.8 49.9 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 116.6 45.5 – Non-controlling interests 8.2 4.4The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated balance sheetin € million 31 March 2024 31 December 2023 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 107.2 114.4 Right-of-use assets 56.1 55.7 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 069.8 6 108.2 Deferred income tax assets 32.3 31.3 Investments in associates and joint ventures 1.3 1.3 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 262.6 262.7 Other non-current assets 4.4 4.5 Total non-current assets 6 533.8 6 578.0 Current assets Trade and other receivables 392.2 333.6 Income tax receivable 28.3 58.6 CCP clearing business assets 212 122.7 183 715.2 Other current financial assets 105.1 103.1 Cash & cash equivalents 1 609.6 1 448.8 Total current assets 214 257.9 185 659.3 Total assets 220 791.7 192 237.3 Equity Shareholders' equity 4 064.1 3 945.7 Non-controlling interests 147.8 139.7 Total Equity 4 211.9 4 085.3 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 032.8 3 031.6 Lease liabilities 37.6 37.3 Deferred income tax liabilities 523.7 531.9 Post-employment benefits 22.3 22.7 Contract liabilities 59.0 60.0 Other provisions 7.2 7.3 Total Non-current liabilities 3 682.6 3 690.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 24.2 17.3 Lease liabilities 23.2 22.2 CCP clearing business liabilities 212 229.1 183 832.2 Income tax payable 87.7 89.1 Trade and other payables 367.2 415.8 Contract liabilities 160.4 79.3 Other provisions 5.4 5.2 Total Current liabilities 212 897.2 184 461.1 Total equity and liabilities 220 791.7 192 237.3The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilities. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor.Consolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Profit before tax 203.3 135.2 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 44.0 40.5 - Share based payments 3.9 3.6 - Results from equity investments - (5.1) - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures - (3.3) - Changes in working capital (36.6) 173.8 Cash flow from operating activities 214.7 344.7 Income tax paid (30.0) (26.5) Net cash flows from operating activities 184.6 318.2 Cash flow from investing activities Purchase of current financial assets (21.7) (3.3) Redemption of current financial assets 18.6 56.6 Purchase of property  plant and equipment 0.1 (3.7) Purchase of intangible assets (16.4) (20.2) Proceeds from sale of Property  plant  equipment and intangible assets 0.1 - Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI 0.1 Interest received 10.4 3.3 Dividends received from equity investments - 5.1 Dividends received from associates - - Net cash flow from investing activities (8.9) 37.9 Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (0.2) (0.4) Payment of lease liabilities (5.5) (6.8) Acquisitions of own shares (2.1) 0.0 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (0.3) - Net cash flow from financing activities (8.2) (7.2) Total cash flow over the period 167.6 348.9 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 448.8 1 001.1 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (6.8) (14.2) Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 609.6 1 335.7The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor.Volumes for the first quarter of 2024Cash marketsQ1 2024 Q1 2023 %var Number of trading days 63 65 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 152 228 332 188 907 420 -19.4% ADV Cash Market 2 416 323 2 906 268 -16.9% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 656 316 745 410 -12.0% ADV Cash Market 10 418 11 468 -9.2% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 860 1 922 -3.2% SMEs 1 463 1 526 -4.1% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 392 2 762 -13.4% ETFs 3 861 3 772 +2.4% Bonds 56 862 53 493 +6.3% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 10 12 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 156 698 -77.6% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 8 007 3 812 +110.0% Money Raised - Bonds 494 735 271 645 +82.1% Total Money Raised 502 899 276 155 +82.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 9 12 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 156 698 -77.6% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 952 1 447 +242.1% Money Raised - Bonds 1 078 976 +10.4% Total Money Raised 6 186 3 122 +98.2%Fixed income marketsQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 34 658 21 509 +61.1% TAADV MTS Repo 491 789 422 541 +16.4% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 745 1 331 +31.1%FX marketsQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % var Number of trading days 64 65 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 583 472 1 365 628 +16.0% ADV Euronext FX 24 742 21 010 +17.8%Power marketsQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % var Number of trading days 91 90 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 3.24 3.19 +1.6% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.28 0.17 +64.5%Derivatives marketsQ1 2024 Q1 2023 % var Number of trading days 63 65 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 32 815 066 38 720 652 -15.3% Index 12 477 980 15 671 950 -20.4% Futures 7 240 666 10 184 256 -28.9% Options 5 237 314 5 487 694 -4.6% Individual Equity 20 337 086 23 048 702 -11.8% Futures 574 911 474 159 +21.2% Options 19 762 175 22 574 543 -12.5% Commodity 7 193 909 5 526 880 +30.2% Futures 6 756 390 4 845 252 +39.4% Options 437 519 681 628 -35.8% Total Euronext 40 008 975 44 247 532 -9.6% Total Futures 14 571 967 15 503 667 -6.0% Total Options 25 437 008 28 743 865 -11.5% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 520 874 595 702 -12.6% Index 198 063 241 107 -17.9% Futures 114 931 156 681 -26.6% Options 83 132 84 426 -1.5% Individual Equity 322 811 354 595 -9.0% Futures 9 126 7 295 +25.1% Options 313 685 347 301 -9.7% Commodity 114 189 85 029 34.3% Futures 107 244 74 542 +43.9% Options 6 945 10 487 -33.8% Total Euronext 635 063 680 731 -6.7% Total Futures 231 301 238 518 -3.0% Total Options 403 762 442 213 -8.7%Derivatives open interest31 March 2024 31 March 2023 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 21 831 754 22 012 176 -0.8% Index 878 571 1 334 625 -34.2% Futures 638 777 613 962 4.0% Options 239 794 720 663 -66.7% Individual Equity 20 953 183 20 677 551 1.3% Futures 564 408 131 440 329.4% Options 20 388 775 20 546 111 -0.8% Commodity 903 204 990 532 -8.8% Futures 564 561 581 718 -2.9% Options 338 643 408 814 -17.2% Total Euronext 22 734 958 23 002 708 -1.2% Total Futures 1 767 746 1 327 120 33.2% Total Options 20 967 212 21 675 588 -3.3%1 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.2 Like-for-like basis at constant currency3 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.67,0.18,0.15,True,English,"['Q1 2024 results', 'Euronext', 'cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', '€5.0 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', '€36.0 million pre-tax non-underlying provision', 'art, proprietary trading platform', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Borsa Italiana Group integration', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'Euronext single trading platform', 'dynamic debt listing activity', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'ambitious integration plan', 'higher issuance activities', 'dynamic non-professional usage', 'positive one-off releases', 'positive base effect', 'S&P rating', 'BBB+ Positive Outlook', 'parent company shareholders', 'Global Rate Se', 'power trading data', 'diversified business model', 'strong organic growth', 'softer financial derivatives', 'volume related revenue', 'Italian derivatives trading', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Euronext Corporate Services', 'new equity listings', 'Net treasury income', 'continued cost control', 'services business', 'dynamic commodities', 'Trading revenue', 'cash trading', 'leading position', 'leading venue', 'Net debt', 'Listing revenue', 'softer environment', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'EBITDA margin', 'additional business', 'operational expenses', 'Strong start', 'Strong performance', 'total revenue', 'Settlement revenue', 'Clearing revenue', 'l2 Revenue', 'record topline', 'first quarter', 'D&A', 'growing assets', 'analytic products', 'Technology Solutions', 'European equities', 'termination fee', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'final phase', 'Italian markets', 'net income', 'fixed income', 'record results', 'clearing agreement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'share count', 'share capital', 'migration process', 'Q1 2024 revenue', 'Adjusted EPS', 'Q1 2024 results', '10 listings', 'Contacts', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'year', '14 May', 'Custody', 'expansion', 'demand', 'fixed-income', '27 November', 'volumes', 'end', 'March', 'acquisition', 'Optiq®', 'third', 'GRSS']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-reports-record-first-quarter-income-launches-dark-trading-46720707/,Euronext reports record first quarter income  launches 'dark' trading,(marketscreener.com) Euronext said onTuesday that revenue and income in the first quarter of thisyear rose 8% to a record 401.9 million euros  as the pan-European stock exchange completed its multi-yearintegration of the Milan Exchange that it bought in 2…,"LONDON  May 14 (Reuters) - Euronext said on Tuesday that revenue and income in the first quarter of this year rose 8% to a record 401.9 million euros ($434.78 million)  as the pan-European stock exchange completed its multi-year integration of the Milan Exchange that it bought in 2021.Euronext  which operates exchanges in Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris  said in a statement that it has moved Italian derivatives trading onto its main platform.""This migration was the last in the ambitious integration plan of Italian markets onto the Euronext single trading platform  and was completed less than three years after the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group "" Euronext said.Profit before income tax rose 50.3% to 203.3 million euros in the first quarter  helping to send reported earnings per share up 49.1% to 1.35 euro per share.The rise in revenue was helped by expansion in clearing services  and a record performance in fixed income and power trading  Euronext said.The exchange also said it has launched its planned ""dark"" trading service  which offers institutional investors a more anonymised style of trading  helping the bourse compete with banks and other exchanges that offer it.($1 = 0.9244 euros) (Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Alison Williams)",neutral,0.03,0.79,0.17,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,True,English,"['record first quarter income', ""dark' trading"", 'Euronext', 'Euronext single trading platform', 'Borsa Italiana Group', 'ambitious integration plan', 'dark"" trading service', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'record 401.9 million euros', 'main platform', 'multi-year integration', '203.3 million euros', 'record performance', 'power trading', 'first quarter', 'Italian derivatives', 'Italian markets', 'clearing services', 'institutional investors', 'anonymised style', 'Huw Jones', 'Alison Williams', 'income tax', 'fixed income', 'Milan Exchange', 'other exchanges', '0.9244 euros', 'LONDON', 'Reuters', 'Tuesday', 'revenue', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'statement', 'migration', 'acquisition', 'Profit', 'earnings', 'share', '1.35 euro', 'rise', 'expansion', 'bourse', 'banks', 'Editing']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Dutch-bank-Triodos-to-prepare-for-Euronext-listing-46712923/,Dutch bank Triodos to prepare for Euronext listing,(marketscreener.com) Dutch bank Triodos onTuesday said it would prepare for a listing of its shares onEuronext. Triodos focuses on sustainable financing and reported a netprofit of 77.2 million euros on total income of466 million euros for 2023. Its ass…,"AMSTERDAM  May 14 (Reuters) - Dutch bank Triodos on Tuesday said it would prepare for a listing of its shares on Euronext.Triodos focuses on sustainable financing and reported a net profit of 77.2 million euros ($83.25 million) on total income of 466 million euros for 2023.Its assets under management totalled 23.2 billion euros last year.Triodos said a listing on Euronext was meant to resolve problems with its own depository receipts  which have plummeted in value in the past four years.Since its foundation in 1980 the bank had offered investors a guaranteed price for its certificates  but was forced to halt trading in 2020 when the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic led to a surge of sellers.When trading resumed around three years later on a new platform designed by the bank  the certificates immediately lost around 75% of their value.Triodos said its trading platform had not resolved the problems for its certificate holders  as volumes remained low and prices have barely recovered.""We have concluded a listing on Euronext will provide improved accessibility and therefore a better fit with new and current investors  while our mission  values and ambition to be a frontrunner in sustainable banking will remain unchanged "" chief executive Jeroen Rijpkema said. The bank said it will now seek approval from investors and regulators for the proposed listing. ($1 = 0.9273 euros) (Reporting by Bart Meijer; Editing by Kirsten Donovan)",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,negative,0.0,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Dutch bank Triodos', 'Euronext listing', 'chief executive Jeroen Rijpkema', 'past four years', 'Dutch bank Triodos', 'sustainable financing', 'net profit', 'total income', 'depository receipts', 'guaranteed price', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'certificate holders', 'sustainable banking', 'Bart Meijer', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'new platform', 'trading platform', 'current investors', '77.2 million euros', '466 million', '0.9273 euros', 'AMSTERDAM', 'May', 'Reuters', 'Tuesday', 'listing', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'assets', 'management', 'problems', 'value', 'foundation', 'certificates', 'outbreak', 'surge', 'sellers', 'volumes', 'prices', 'accessibility', 'mission', 'ambition', 'frontrunner', 'approval', 'regulators', 'Editing', '2023']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-net-income-of-139-7-million-euros-44-8--46721379/,Euronext: net income of 139.7 million euros (+44.8%),(marketscreener.com) Euronext posted sales up +8.0% to 401.9 million euros in the first quarter of 2024.Sales for custody and settlement activities rose to 67.8 million euros . Advanced Data Services sales rose to 59.4 million euros .Listing sales amounted to…,Euronext N.V. is a pan-European exchange group operating regulated markets in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. Euronext N.V. also operates non-regulated activities in 16 countries across the world. Euronext N.V. is listed in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels and Lisbon since 2014. Euronext N.V. is the leading listing and trading venue in Europe with EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization at the end of 2023  close to 1 930 listed companies and the largest liquidity pool in Europe. Euronext N.V. provides advanced market data services and a range of indices and index solutions  including the AEX  CAC40  BEL 20  ISEQ 20  PSI 20  and OBX  as well as a large set of ESG indices  such as CAC40 ESG or MIB ESG. Euronext N.V.'s proprietary trading platform  Optiq®  offers cutting-edge solutions to both trading and technology clients. Euronext N.V. offers clients innovative corporate and investors services. Euronext N.V. also operates Euronext FX in the United States and in Singapore and two spot FX matching engines in Tokyo and London.Related indices STOXX EUROPE 600 (EUR),neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['net income', '139.7 million euros', 'Euronext', 'EUR 6.6 trillion combined market capitalization', 'two spot FX matching engines', 'advanced market data services', 'pan-European exchange group', 'largest liquidity pool', 'Euronext N.V.', 'proprietary trading platform', 'Euronext FX', 'investors services', 'regulated markets', 'leading listing', 'trading venue', '1,930 listed companies', 'index solutions', 'large set', 'MIB ESG', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'innovative corporate', 'United States', 'ESG indices', 'Related indices', 'CAC40 ESG', 'technology clients', 'STOXX EUROPE', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', '16 countries', 'world', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'end', 'range', 'AEX', 'ISEQ', 'PSI', 'OBX', 'Optiq®', 'Singapore', 'Tokyo', 'London']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881717/0/en/Repurchase-of-Shares.html,Repurchase of Shares,Repurchase of Shares   Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 73 078 of its own shares in the period from 6...,Repurchase of SharesAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 73 078 of its own shares in the period from 6 May 2024 up to and including 10 May 2024 at an average price of €20.06.This is in accordance with the €15 million share buyback extension program originally announced on 27 October 2022  of which the period of execution was announced on 28 July 2023 to be extended by 12 months to 26 October 2024. The consideration of this purchase was €1.5 million.The total number of shares purchased under this program to date is 589 160 shares at an average price of €17.64 for a total consideration of €10.4 million.2 351 542 shares were held in treasury as of 10 May 2024.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996180Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With nearly two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release is an announcement pursuant to Article 5(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.38,0.6,True,English,"['Repurchase', 'Shares', '€15 million share buyback extension program', 'leading global ETP market marker', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'multiple asset classes', 'prior written permission', 'particular fiscal year', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'strategic investment unit', 'leading trading firm', 'intellectual property rights', 'Flow Traders’ role', 'Flow Traders’ ability', 'Important Legal Information', 'Forward looking statements', 'market innovation', 'market circumstances', 'investment activities', 'investment decisions', 'legal, tax', 'investment advice', 'legal agreement', 'average price', 'total number', 'Eric Pan', 'major exchanges', 'fixed income', 'digital assets', 'financial instruments', 'orderly manner', 'trading activities', 'greater transparency', 'financial ecosystem', 'two decades', '600 talented professionals', 'entrepreneurial culture', 'press release', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Such factors', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'Financial objectives', 'internal objectives', 'significant business', 'forward-looking statements', 'legal obligation', 'operational performance', 'information purposes', 'total consideration', 'financial markets', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'investor marketing', 'future events', 'Repurchase', 'Shares', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'period', '6 May', '10 May', 'accordance', '27 October', 'execution', '28 July', '12 months', '26 October', 'date', 'treasury', 'Investors', 'Phone', 'Email', 'relations', 'flowtraders', 'liquidity', 'expertise', 'ETPs', 'commodities', 'FX', 'availability', 'addition', 'efficiency', 'experience', 'team', 'company', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'projections', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'Words', 'estimate', 'believe', 'could', 'hope', 'seek', 'plan', 'goal', 'strategy', 'target', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'control', 'developments', 'undertaking', 'conditions', 'metrics']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881681/0/en/ASM-announces-start-of-150-million-share-buyback-program.html,ASM announces start of €150 million share buyback program,Almere  The Netherlands  May 14  2024  6:00 p.m. CET      ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that it will commence a...,Almere  The NetherlandsMay 14  2024  6:00 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that it will commence a share buyback program of ASM’s common shares of €150 million.This program follows on ASM's announcement on February 27  2024  that the Management Board authorized a share buyback program for up to €150 million. The program commences on May 15  2024  and is to end as soon as the aggregate purchase price of the common shares acquired by ASM has reached €150 million  but ultimately on October 15  2024.This share buyback program will take place within the limitations of the authority granted by the shareholders during the Annual General Meeting  which was held on May 13  2024  and will be executed by a third party. ASM has the intention to reduce its capital by withdrawing the shares repurchased as part of this new €150 million share buyback program  save for such number of treasury shares as may be necessary to fund ongoing share and option programs for employees and board members.ASM will update the market on the progress of the share buyback program on a weekly basis  starting on May 21  2024. This information will also be published on ASM’s website ( www.asm.com ).About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics  pandemics and other risks indicated in the company's reports and financial statements. The company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['€150 million share buyback program', 'ASM', 'start', 'new €150 million share buyback program', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'aggregate purchase price', 'Annual General Meeting', 'common stock trades', 'new products', 'ongoing share', 'market acceptance', 'common shares', 'Management Board', 'third party', 'option programs', 'board members', 'weekly basis', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary note', 'forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'treasury shares', 'The Netherlands', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'Almere', 'May', 'CET', 'announcement', 'February', 'October', 'place', 'limitations', 'authority', 'shareholders', 'intention', 'capital', 'number', 'employees', 'progress', 'information', 'website', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'pandemics', 'company', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'Article', '6:00']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8657769125930216,Biophytis Announces the Design of its Phase 2 OBA Clinical Study in Obesity,"PARIS  FRANCE and CAMBRIDGE  MA / ACCESSWIRE / May 14  2024 /  Biophytis SA (Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS)  (""Biophytis"" or the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics for age-related diseases  t...","Biophytis Announces the Design of its Phase 2 OBA Clinical Study in ObesityPARIS  FRANCE and CAMBRIDGE  MA / ACCESSWIRE / May 14  2024 / Biophytis SA (Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS)  (""Biophytis"" or the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics for age-related diseases  today announces the design of its phase 2 OBA clinical study in obesity with BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone).BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone) will be evaluated in obese patients treated with GLP-1 RAs  together with hypocaloric dieting. The OBA phase 2 study will test the efficacy and safety of BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone) in patients with obesity and overweight with secondary comorbidities  who are starting treatment with GLP-1 RAs for weight loss.Stanislas Veillet  CEO of Biophytis  stated: ""It is crucial for Biophytis to position itself on this gigantic medical challenge which also presents a great potential market. We believe BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone) has the potential to be the molecule of choice for preserving muscle function in patients suffering from obesity who are treated for weight loss with GLP-1 RAs. We are confident that our drug candidate subject to regulatory approvals  could enter into a phase 2 clinical trial mid 2024 and that first results could be reported in 2025"".The OBA Phase 2 study is a double-blind  randomized  placebo-controlled clinical study in which 164 patients are planned to be enrolled with obesity (BMI ≥30) or overweight (BMI ≥27 with one or more sequalae e.g. diabetes  hypertension) at the start of treatment with GLP-1 RAs in combination with hypocaloric diet. Double-blind treatment with 350 mg BID of BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone) will be given for 21 weeks.The primary efficacy endpoint is muscle strength as measured by knee extension  and important secondary outcomes include 6 Minute Walking Distance and other performance tests  muscle strength normalized to lean body mass  appendicular lean mass and fat mass  biomarkers and various Patient-Reported Outcomes (PROs).Biophytis is preparing for filing an Investigational New Drug (IND) to start the OBA Phase 2 study in the USA in the coming weeks.The OBA Phase 2 clinical study is expected to start mid 2024  upon regulatory approvals  with first patients expected to be treated in the second half of 2024.First results of the safety and efficacy of BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone) drug candidate are expected to be available in 2025.****About BIOPHYTISBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of drug candidates for age-related diseases. BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone)  our lead drug candidate  is a small molecule in development for muscular (sarcopenia  phase 3 ready and Duchenne muscular dystrophy)  respiratory (Covid-19 phase 2-3 completed) and metabolic diseases (obesity  phase 2 to be started). The Company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The Company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and the ADSs (American Depositary Shares) are listed on OTC market (Ticker: BPTSY - ISIN: US09076G4010). For more information  visit www.biophytis.comForward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook """"believes """"expects """"potential """"continues """"may """"will """"should """"could """"seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable.However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward- looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risk and uncertainties the Company is to face» section from the Company's 2023 Financial Report available on BIOPHYTIS website (www.biophytis.com) and as exposed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms filed with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis contactsInvestor relationsNicolas Fellmann  CFOInvestors@biophytis.comMediaAntoine Denry:antoine.denry@taddeo.fr - +33 6 18 07 83 27Nizar Berrada: nizar.berrada@taddeo.fr - +33 6 38 31 90 50SOURCE: BiophytisView the original press release on accesswire.com",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.29,0.57,True,English,"['Phase 2 OBA Clinical Study', 'Biophytis', 'Design', 'Obesity', 'double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical study', 'The OBA Phase 2 clinical study', 'Phase 2 OBA Clinical Study', 'The OBA Phase 2 study', 'BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone) drug candidate', 'phase 2 clinical trial', 'gigantic medical challenge', '6 Minute Walking Distance', 'lead drug candidate', 'other performance tests', 'lean body mass', 'appendicular lean mass', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Investigational New Drug', 'various Patient-Reported Outcomes', 'Duchenne muscular dystrophy', 'original press release', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'important secondary outcomes', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'great potential market', 'other comparable words', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Risk Factors"" section', 'Covid-19 phase', 'important factors', 'Double-blind treatment', 'drug candidates', 'fat mass', 'actual outcomes', 'other forms', 'secondary comorbidities', 'ordinary shares', 'OTC market', 'age-related diseases', 'GLP-1 RAs', 'hypocaloric dieting', 'weight loss', 'Stanislas Veillet', 'muscle function', 'regulatory approvals', '350 mg BID', 'muscle strength', 'knee extension', 'second half', 'metabolic diseases', 'historical facts', 'negative version', 'various risks', '2023 Financial Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'new information', 'future developments', 'Investor relations', 'Nicolas Fellmann', 'Antoine Denry', 'antoine.denry', 'first results', 'coming weeks', 'small molecule', 'Nizar Berrada', 'obese patients', 'first patients', 'Biophytis SA', 'BIOPHYTIS website', 'Biophytis contacts', '21 weeks', '164 patients', 'Design', 'Obesity', 'FRANCE', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'May', 'ALBPS', 'therapeutics', 'safety', 'overweight', 'CEO', 'choice', 'BMI', 'sequalae', 'diabetes', 'hypertension', 'start', 'combination', 'biomarkers', 'PROs', 'USA', 'sarcopenia', 'respiratory', 'Massachusetts', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'ADSs', 'BPTSY', 'cases', 'outlook', 'believes', 'expects', 'seeks', 'predicts', 'trends', 'plans', 'anticipates', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', 'Securities', 'obligation', 'law', 'CFO', 'Investors', 'Media', 'taddeo', 'SOURCE']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,investorsobserver.com
40900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/Publicis-Groupe-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-46720430/,Publicis Groupe : Inside Information / Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)   Nannette LaFond-Dufour joins Publicis Groupe   as Chief Impact Officer   May 14  2024 - Paris - Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] today announced the appointment of Nannette LaFond-Dufour as Chief Impact Offi…,"Nannette LaFond-Dufour joins Publicis Groupeas Chief Impact OfficerMay 14  2024 - Paris - Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] today announced the appointment of Nannette LaFond-Dufour as Chief Impact Officer.In this newly created global role  Nannette will be responsible for driving immediate impact across the Groupe's long-term ESG commitments. These include Publicis' ambitious SBTI-approved climate goals  its concrete diversity  equity and inclusion action plans  as well as its flagship initiatives like the Working with Cancer pledge and the Women's Forum for the Economy & Society.A leading industry figure over the course of her 30-year career  Nannette joins Publicis from McCann Worldgroup where she was Chief Client Officer and McCann's inaugural Chief Sustainability Officer  responsible for driving sustainability goals across its global environmental footprint.Nannette will head a centralized team in cultivating and partnering with the Groupe's ESG community around the world. Together  they will design and deploy a consistent strategy on impact  with clear and measurable KPIs  to enhance and expand Publicis' existing initiatives and implement new ones  at the service of its teams and its clients.Her appointment underscores Publicis' ongoing commitment to creating positive change through environmental and societal impact. Consistently ranked first in the industry by leading ESG rating agencies  in the past year Publicis was the only holding company in the sector to appear in the S&P Yearbook  which evaluates the sustainability efforts of global businesses. Through the Working with Cancer Pledge  over the last 18 months the Groupe has also rallied more than 1500 of the world's most iconic companies to commit to erasing the stigma of cancer in the workplace.Nannette will join the Groupe's Management Committee and report directly to Arthur Sadoun  Chairman & CEO. She will work hand in hand with Agathe Bousquet  President of Publicis France and Directoire+ sponsor for ESG.""With the Directoire+ we are delighted to welcome Nannette to the Groupe"" said Arthur Sadoun. ""Thanks to our transformation  we have been outperforming the industry on every business and financial KPI for the past four years. But we know that for our growth to be truly sustainable  on every front  it also needs to be responsible. That's why we have also worked to lead the way through our best-in-class ESG initiatives. With Nannette on board and her proven expertise in delivering impactful change with some of the world's biggest companies  we are confident we can take our ESG agenda even further  faster  for the good of our people  our clients  and our planet. ""WWW.PUBLICISGROUPE.COM",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.64,0.34,0.02,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Inside Information', 'ambitious SBTI-approved climate goals', 'leading ESG rating agencies', 'inaugural Chief Sustainability Officer', 'Chief Client Officer', 'concrete diversity, equity', 'inclusion action plans', 'S&P Yearbook', 'Chief Impact Officer', 'past four years', 'long-term ESG commitments', 'leading industry figure', 'global environmental footprint', ""Publicis' existing initiatives"", 'sustainability goals', 'ESG initiatives', 'sustainability efforts', 'past year', 'global role', 'flagship initiatives', 'ESG community', 'global businesses', 'ESG agenda', 'immediate impact', 'societal impact', '30-year career', 'centralized team', 'consistent strategy', 'measurable KPIs', 'ongoing commitment', 'positive change', 'holding company', 'last 18 months', 'iconic companies', 'Management Committee', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'Agathe Bousquet', 'Directoire+ sponsor', 'financial KPI', 'proven expertise', 'impactful change', 'biggest companies', 'WWW.PUBLICISGROUPE', 'Publicis France', 'Cancer pledge', 'Euronext Paris', 'McCann Worldgroup', 'Nannette LaFond-Dufour', 'Publicis Groupe', 'May', 'CAC', 'appointment', 'Working', 'Women', 'Forum', 'Economy', 'Society', 'course', 'clear', 'new', 'service', 'teams', 'clients', 'sector', 'stigma', 'workplace', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'hand', 'President', 'transformation', 'growth', 'front', 'way', 'class', 'board', 'good', 'people', 'planet']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881679/0/en/VEON-s-Kyivstar-Named-the-Top-International-Investor-in-Ukraine-in-2022-2023-by-Forbes-Ukraine.html,VEON’s Kyivstar Named the Top International Investor in Ukraine in 2022-2023 by Forbes Ukraine,Amsterdam and Kyiv  14 May 2024: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  is pleased to share that VEON’s 100%-owned subsidiary Kyivstar  has been named the top int…,Amsterdam and Kyiv  14 May 2024: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  is pleased to share that VEON’s 100%-owned subsidiary Kyivstar  has been named the top international investor in Ukraine in 2022-2023 by Forbes Ukraine.The Forbes Ukraine rating looked at capital expenditures by private companies in Ukraine in 2022 and 2023. Kyivstar was ranked as the 5th largest private sector investor overall and the leader in the telecommunications industry  making its 100% shareholder VEON the highest-ranking international investor in Ukraine.Kyivstar’s UAH 12.3 billion in capital expenditures and investments for 2022 and 2023  (approximately USD 176 million and USD 174 million in 2022 and 2023  respectively  in the Group’s reporting currency) focused on expanding its 4G coverage  ensuring network availability and energy resilience  and enabling digital services. The same focus continues in 2024.Since February 2022  Kyivstar has installed 5 500 new base stations and upgraded more than 13 thousand base stations to 4G  meaning that today the company serves Ukraine with over 1 700 more 4G sites than before the onset of the full-scale war. Kyivstar has also expanded its 4G population coverage from 90.3% in January 2022 to 95.4% in April 2024 in line with its “LTE everywhere” project  which provides the connectivity backbone for the digitalization of Ukraine. Kyivstar’s investments have helped provide connectivity to Ukrainians in newly built residential areas and in the country’s bomb shelters.VEON’s Kyivstar also spent heavily on the energy resilience of its network  spending UAH 1 billion (approx. USD 27.4 million) and installing over 130 thousand batteries to date across its network. This has increased the duration of energy back-up at Kyivstar’s sites in order to support Ukraine’s connectivity even when the country’s energy infrastructure is under attack.Kyivstar also invests in Ukraine’s digital landscape. In August 2022  it acquired a controlling interest in Helsi  Ukraine’s leading digital healthcare platform. Since acquiring Helsi  Kyivstar has been focusing on enhancing the platform’s offering  which now serves a registered base of 28 million users with a monthly active user base of 2.3 million as of April 2024. Further  the streaming service Kyivstar TV has become Ukraine’s leading digital content platform and continues to expand its educational and entertainment content.VEON and Kyivstar have committed to investing USD 600 million over three years and started rolling out this investment program at the beginning of 2024. The investments will include partnerships with global technology companies.“We are honoured to see that our ongoing commitment to the country has placed us among the top 5 investors in Ukraine. Our investments in Ukraine in 2022 and 2023 placed us in the 5th spot overall in the Forbes rating and earned us the top ranking among foreign investors and telecommunications companies  demonstrating that VEON indeed walks the walk when we say that ‘the time to invest in Ukraine is now’. We will maintain this investment momentum with our USD 600 million program over the next 3 years  and will continue to work hard every day to ‘build-back-better’ and rebuild Ukraine’s digital future ” said Kaan Terzioglu  Group CEO of VEON.In addition to its extensive investments  Kyivstar supports the resilience of Ukraine with social responsibility projects including supplying specialist equipment to hospitals  support programs for war veterans  the elderly and the children  as well as donating and sponsoring donations to demining projects.About KyivstarKyivstar is the largest telecommunications operator in Ukraine with 24 million mobile subscribers and over 1.1 million home internet subscribers. As Ukraine’s market-leading operator  Kyivstar maintained network availability above 90% level on average throughout the past two years  supporting the connectivity of not only its own customers but also the broader Ukrainian population. Kyivstar is 100% owned by the international VEON Group.About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population – Pakistan  Ukraine  Bangladesh  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan – VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s commercial and investment plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.4,0.23,True,English,"['Top International Investor', 'Forbes Ukraine', 'VEON', 'Kyivstar', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', '5th largest private sector investor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'monthly active user base', '1.1 million home internet subscribers', 'leading digital healthcare platform', 'leading digital content platform', 'The Forbes Ukraine rating', '24 million mobile subscribers', '5,500 new base stations', 'largest telecommunications operator', 'ranking international investor', '13 thousand base stations', 'global technology companies', 'past two years', 'broader Ukrainian population', 'USD 600 million program', 'global digital operator', 'social responsibility projects', '4G population coverage', 'international VEON Group', 'private companies', 'Forbes rating', '5th spot', 'registered base', 'entertainment content', '28 million users', 'telecommunications companies', 'digital services', 'digital landscape', 'digital future', '4G coverage', '130 thousand batteries', 'investment program', 'top ranking', 'market-leading operator', 'telecommunications industry', 'three years', 'next 3 years', '160 million customers', 'online services', '100%-owned subsidiary', 'capital expenditures', 'reporting currency', 'same focus', 'full-scale war', 'residential areas', 'bomb shelters', 'energy back-up', 'energy infrastructure', 'controlling interest', 'streaming service', 'ongoing commitment', 'top 5 investors', 'foreign investors', 'investment momentum', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'Group CEO', 'specialist equipment', 'war veterans', 'six countries', 'technology-driven services', 'economic growth', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'investment plans', 'forward-looking statements', 'energy resilience', 'converged connectivity', 'network availability', '4G sites', 'connectivity backbone', 'extensive investments', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Kyivstar TV', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'May', 'NASDAQ', 'leader', '100% shareholder', 'UAH', 'February', 'company', '1,700 more', 'onset', 'January', 'April', 'digitalization', 'Ukrainians', 'country', 'duration', 'order', 'attack', 'August', 'Helsi', 'offering', 'educational', 'beginning', 'partnerships', 'walk', 'time', 'addition', 'hospitals', 'programs', 'elderly', 'children', 'donations', '90% level', 'world', 'Pakistan', 'Bangladesh', 'Kazakhstan', 'Uzbekistan', 'Kyrgyzstan', 'lives', 'individuals', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'commercial', 'risks', '2022']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881048/0/en/KBC-Group-Update-regarding-the-KBC-Group-share-buyback-programme.html,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 6 May 2024 and 10 May 2024  included:,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 6 May 2024 and 10 May 2024  included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 06-05-2024 70 000 € 4 911 053 € 70.16 € 69.82 € 70.36 07-05-2024 72 000 € 5 099 206 € 70.82 € 69.94 € 71.36 08-05-2024 73 000 € 5 151 615 € 70.57 € 70.00 € 71.62 09-05-2024 71 000 € 5 040 716 € 71.00 € 70.54 € 71.12 10-05-2024 71 000 € 5 067 078 € 71.37 € 71.00 € 71.70Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 15 781 378 on 10 May 2024  for a total consideration of € 949 040 455.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Lowest price Highest price', 'Total price Average price', 'share buyback programme', 'KBC Group NV', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'trading hours', 'Date No.', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '6 May', '10 May', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40903,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TMP-GROUP-S-P-A-150152090/news/TMP-S-p-A-Websim-initial-coverage-46717686/,TMP S p A : Websim initial coverage,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   TMP GROUP  WEBSIM CORPORATE STARTS COVERAGE OF STOCK WITH OUTPERFORM RECOMMENDATION AND TARGET PRICE OF €2.02 PER SHARE   Milan  May 14  2024 - TMP Group S.p.A.  Italian tech-media company listed on the Euronext …,"PRESS RELEASETMP GROUP  WEBSIM CORPORATE STARTS COVERAGE OF STOCK WITH OUTPERFORM RECOMMENDATION AND TARGET PRICE OF €2.02 PER SHAREMilan  May 14  2024 - TMP Group S.p.A.  Italian tech-media company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan (ISIN code IT0005531238  Ticker: TMP) specialized in the design and development of communication  advertising and digital marketing strategies  hybrid events and content  characterized by a high technological profle  announces the start of coverage by the Italian broker Websim Corporate entitled ""Where creativity meets technology""  with Outperform recommendation and Target Price equal to €2.02 per share.In the initial coverage  Websim analysts highlight how TMP Group is an innovative leading company in the tech-media sector. The technology underlying the commercial ofer  the innovative proprietary platforms and a streamlined cost structure represent some of TMP Group's strengths which can allow the Company to seize the opportunities generated by future developments in the reference market. 2024 - we read in the coverage - could mark a return to growth for the Group  after the recent investments made in the 2023 fnancial year.The initial coverage assessment is moderately positive  based on a highly conservative scenario. Websim believes that the current fnancial year will be able to provide new elements to allow an upward revision of the estimates.The complete research is available on the Borsa Italiana website  at this link***About TMP GroupTMP Group S.p.A. is an Italian tech-media company born in 2012 and specialized in the design and development of communication  advertising and digital marketing strategies  hybrid events and contents  characterized by a high technological profle. It supports companies across operational areas - Digital  Experience  Production  Technology - paying constant attention to innovation  creativity and new media  investing in talent  in the most advanced technological platforms and in the Metaverse and NFT blockchain sector. It has 4 operating ofces in Italy - in Milan  Santa Margherita di Belice  Turin and Rome - in addition to important commercial partnerships in London  Paris and Tokyo. The team is made up of 34 resources  with an average age of 30. It boasts a very diversifed customer portfolio  of national and international brands  key players in their respective sectors. In 2021 he founded Hangar21  a digital production factory ecosystem located in Milan  and scalable anywhere  dedicated to the conception  development  production and dissemination of digital and creative content through the most modern technologies and which encompasses the entire communication chain. As of 30 June 2023  TMP Group achieved a production value of 3.3 million euros  revenues of Euro 3.1 million and EBITDA of Euro 0.7 million. In 2024 TMP was chosen to participate at CES in Las Vegas  one of the largest and most infuential international events dedicated to technological innovation and consumer electronics.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.25,0.35,0.4,True,English,"['Websim initial coverage', 'TMP S', 'TMP Group S.p.A.', 'Italian broker Websim Corporate', 'WEBSIM CORPORATE STARTS COVERAGE', 'digital production factory ecosystem', 'innovative proprietary platforms', 'streamlined cost structure', 'Borsa Italiana website', 'Santa Margherita di', 'high technological profle', 'advanced technological platforms', 'Italian tech-media company', 'innovative leading company', 'NFT blockchain sector', 'important commercial partnerships', 'digital marketing strategies', 'current fnancial year', 'infuential international events', 'initial coverage assessment', 'entire communication chain', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'tech-media sector', '2023 fnancial year', 'Websim analysts', 'commercial ofer', 'international brands', 'hybrid events', 'technological innovation', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'OUTPERFORM RECOMMENDATION', 'TARGET PRICE', 'ISIN code', 'future developments', 'reference market', 'recent investments', 'conservative scenario', 'new elements', 'upward revision', 'complete research', 'operational areas', 'constant attention', 'new media', '4 operating ofces', 'average age', 'customer portfolio', 'key players', 'respective sectors', 'modern technologies', 'production value', '3.3 million euros', 'Las Vegas', 'consumer electronics', 'creative content', 'STOCK', 'SHARE', 'May', 'Ticker', 'design', 'advertising', 'creativity', 'technology', 'strengths', 'opportunities', 'return', 'estimates', 'link', 'contents', 'companies', 'Experience', 'talent', 'Metaverse', 'Italy', 'Belice', 'Turin', 'Rome', 'addition', 'London', 'Paris', 'Tokyo', 'team', '34 resources', 'diversifed', 'Hangar21', 'conception', 'dissemination', '30 June', 'revenues', 'EBITDA', 'largest', '2024']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/currency/EURO-US-DOLLAR-EUR-USD-4591/news/EMEA-Morning-Briefing-Stocks-Seen-Lower-U-S-Inflation-Data-in-Focus-46712087/,EMEA Morning Briefing : Stocks Seen Lower; U.S. Inflation Data in Focus,(marketscreener.com)  MARKET WRAPS  Watch For:  U.K. unemployment; Germany CPI  ZEW Indicator of Economic Sentiment; trading updates from Flutter Entertainment  Vodafone Group  DCC  Euronext  Currys  Hannover Rueck  Bayer  Veolia Environnement   Openin…,"MARKET WRAPSWatch For:U.K. unemployment; Germany CPI  ZEW Indicator of Economic Sentiment; trading updates from Flutter Entertainment  Vodafone Group  DCC  Euronext  Currys  Hannover Rueck  Bayer  Veolia Environnement Opening Call:Stock futures were tracking lower early Tuesday with the market focus on U.S. inflation data. In Asia  stock benchmarks were mixed; Treasury yields broadly edged lower; the dollar gained; oil and gold also advanced.Equities:European shares are expected to open lower as markets brace for fresh inflation data and digest Fed officials' comments.Fed Chairman Jerome Powell is due to speak later in the day. On Monday  Fed Vice Chair Philip Jefferson said that with the economy in a solid position in terms of job growth  the Fed can focus ""even more so"" on inflation and keep rates higher for longer.Traders and money managers will get their next look at how U.S. inflation is faring with the release of the producer-price index on Tuesday  followed by the highly anticipated consumer-price index on Wednesday.""I think we're really just all in wait-and-see mode "" said Dan Eye  chief investment officer at Fort Pitt Capital Group. ""No big bets ahead of the CPI report.""""We're trading at levels now that if the interest rates are not cut...the market is going to grow very slowly from here "" said Dan Genter  chief executive and chief investment officer at Genter Capital Management.Forex:The dollar strengthened slightly  with a focus on U.S. inflation data.TD Securities continues to favor the U.S. dollar over other G-10 currencies due to relatively higher inflation in the U.S. versus other countries.U.S. economic growth remains better relatively too  even if its strength has ebbed a little  which underscores ""a growth and inflation edge and source of support that should anchor the dollar "" it added.Bonds:Treasury yields edged slightly lower in Asia amid a lack of market-moving catalysts and ahead of the U.S. producer-price data for April due today and the CPI and retail sales data on Wednesday.April's producer price index is forecast at 0.3%  up from March's 0.2%  in a Wall Street Journal survey with economists. Ex-food and energy  the PPI index is expected to be stable at 0.2%.""Any further upward surprises would probably lead to a significant rethink to the Fed's path of rates over the remainder of the year. Consequently  we expect to see quite a bit of volatility right after the publication of the numbers on Wednesday "" said Roman Ziruk  senior market analyst at London-based financial services firm Ebury.Energy:Oil futures were higher as traders weighed signs of soft fuel demand against expectations that OPEC and its allies will extend production cuts into the year's second half.Robert Yawger  director of energy futures at Mizuho Securities said he believes ""lifting the voluntary cuts runs a strong risk of cratering crude oil prices.""OPEC+ ministers are due to meet June 1. A round of voluntary production cuts is set to expire at the end of next month. Monthly reports - including updated supply and demand estimates - from OPEC and the Paris-based International Energy Agency are due this week.Metals:Gold gained in Asia. The precious metal was likely to find buyers on dips  said Fawad Razaqzada  market analyst at City Index and forex.com.Gold's trend remains bullish  he said  adding that it wouldn't be surprising to see gold gradually erode the next resistance zone around $2 360/oz-$2 380/oz.--Copper rose in Asia. The base metals market was moderately bullish so far this week  Daria Efanova  head of research at Sucden Financial said.The sentiment was being supported by news that China will start selling its first batch of a planned CNY1 trillion worth of ultralong bonds as it looks to support economic growth amid a continued property sector slump  she said.--Iron ore declined amid high stockpiles as global iron-ore shipments and arrivals at Chinese ports remain at high levels  Guangfa Futures analysts said.Iron ore prices will likely remain volatile as investors watch steel demand and the pace of destocking  they said.China's increasing spending on infrastructure and the loosening of restrictions on residential housing should boost some demand for steel and iron ore  ANZ Research said.TODAY'S TOP HEADLINESFed's Jefferson says slowing progress on inflation is 'a source of concern'The slowing progress on inflation in the first quarter is disappointing  but the healthy labor market allows the Federal Reserve to maintain downward pressure on demand until price pressures cool  Federal Reserve Vice Chair Philip Jefferson said on Monday.The ""attenuation"" in the progress on bringing down inflation that has been seen in the first three months of the year ""is a source of concern  "" Jefferson said in brief comments regarding the current economy after a speech on communication strategy at the Cleveland Federal Reserve Bank.Are Shoppers Really Pulling Back? Retail Earnings Will Offer Clues.The country's largest retailers  including Home Depot  Walmart  and Target  will report fiscal first-quarter earnings in the next few weeks. Their results could confirm a growing concern: that after years of supercharged spending  U.S. consumers are finally losing steam.Consumer outlays account for roughly 70% of U.S. gross domestic product. Consumption has underpinned the economy's rapid growth in the past four years  defying expectations that higher inflation and interest rates would curb Americans' appetite for spending.Berkshire Hathaway's Mystery Stock Purchase Could Be Revealed on WednesdayBerkshire Hathaway's ""mystery"" stock that the company began accumulating in the second half of 2023 could be revealed when the company releases its first-quarter equity holdings on Wednesday-likely after the close of trading.That stock-Barron's is assuming it is just one-likely is a financial stock based on disclosures in Berkshire Hathaway's regulatory filings including its first-quarter 10-Q released earlier in May. Barron's has speculated it could be BlackRock  Morgan Stanley  or Chubb. Berkshire CEO Warren Buffett didn't disclose the stock at the company's annual meeting on May 4.The economy could be heading toward 1970s-style stagflation. What it means for the stock market.The U.S. economy could be barreling toward 1970s-style stagflation amid a cooling economy and sticky inflation - and it could end up sparking a double-digit plunge in stocks  according to Sevens Report Research.""Stagflation doesn't have to be as bad as it was in the 1970s  but for a stock market that's trading above 21 times earnings  the truth is that even a small bout of stagflation would result in a 10%-20% decline in stocks "" said Tom Essaye  founder of Sevens Report Research  in a Monday note.Israel's Rafah Offensive Strains 45 Years of Peace With EgyptIn the almost 45 years since their historic peace deal  Israel and Egypt have become essential partners  a close though never warm relationship that underpins both countries' national security. Israel's Rafah offensive is threatening to undo all of that.Egypt  a center of Arab military  political and cultural power  is now considering a downgrade to its diplomatic ties with Israel  Egyptian officials say. Egypt has in recent days said it would join South Africa's court case charging Israel with genocide. And Egypt has refused to reopen its border with Gaza after Israeli forces seized the Palestinian side of the crossing.The Misfits Russia Is Recruiting to Spy on the WestWARSAW-Low on cash and out of his most recent minimum-wage job  Ukrainian refugee Maxim Leha  then 22  had just found a new way to make ends meet in his newly adopted home of Poland.The job advertised on the Telegram messaging app in early 2023 didn't appear to demand much: Spray-paint graffiti on remote fences and highway underpasses for $7 a pop. When Leha answered  a man who identified himself as Andrzej wrote back. Within days  Andrzej had upped the ante: Leha was fixing cameras along railroad lines carrying Western military aid to neighboring Ukraine.U.K. Charges Three With Spying Linked to Hong KongLONDON-U.K. police charged three men on Monday  including a U.K. Border Force official and a former Royal Marines commando  with allegedly helping Hong Kong's intelligence services spy on dissidents based in Britain.The prosecution is one of the most high-profile efforts by British authorities to curtail alleged Chinese spying on U.K. soil  with a trial that is expected to shine a light on the lengths the Chinese state goes to pursue members of its diaspora.Walmart to Lay Off and Relocate WorkersWalmart is cutting hundreds of corporate jobs and asking most remote workers to move to offices  according to people familiar with the matter.In addition  workers in small offices in Dallas  Atlanta and Toronto are being asked to move to other central hubs like Walmart's corporate headquarters in Bentonville  Ark.  as well as Hoboken  N.J.  or Northern California  said one of the people familiar with the matter. Walmart will still allow staff to work remotely part of the time  as long as they are in offices the majority of the time.Write to singaporeeditors@dowjones.comExpected Major Events for Tuesday04:30/NOR: 2Q Consumer Confidence05:00/FIN: Apr CPI06:00/GER: Apr CPI06:00/ROM: Apr CPI06:00/ROM: Mar Industrial Production06:00/UK: Apr UK monthly unemployment figures06:30/SWI: Apr Import Price Index06:30/SWI: Apr PPI07:00/SPN: Apr CPI07:00/SVK: Apr Core & net inflation development07:00/SVK: Apr CPI08:00/CZE: Mar Monthly Balance of Payments09:00/GRE: Apr CPI09:00/GER: May ZEW Indicator of Economic Sentiment12:00/POL: Mar Balance of Payments16:59/AUT: May OPEC Monthly Oil Market ReportAll times in GMT. Powered by Onclusive and Dow Jones.(MORE TO FOLLOW) Dow Jones Newswires05-14-24 0015ET",neutral,0.04,0.89,0.07,negative,0.04,0.37,0.59,True,English,"['U.S. Inflation Data', 'EMEA Morning Briefing', 'Stocks', 'Focus', 'Fed Vice Chair Philip Jefferson', 'Wall Street Journal survey', 'Federal Reserve Vice Chair', 'London-based financial services firm', 'Cleveland Federal Reserve Bank', 'Fed Chairman Jerome Powell', 'Fort Pitt Capital Group', 'Paris-based International Energy Agency', 'U.S. producer-price data', 'U.S. inflation data', 'U.S. economic growth', 'U.K. unemployment', 'retail sales data', 'Genter Capital Management', 'CNY1 trillion worth', 'property sector slump', 'global iron-ore shipments', 'fresh inflation data', 'chief investment officer', 'other G-10 currencies', 'next resistance zone', 'first three months', 'U.S. dollar', 'healthy labor market', 'Guangfa Futures analysts', ""Fed officials' comments"", 'crude oil prices', 'soft fuel demand', 'senior market analyst', 'producer price index', 'Iron ore prices', 'voluntary production cuts', 'base metals market', 'producer-price index', 'Vodafone Group', 'Sucden Financial', 'voluntary cuts', 'chief executive', 'Dan Genter', 'other countries', 'price pressures', 'brief comments', 'Retail Earnings', 'next look', 'next month', 'first batch', 'first quarter', 'MARKET WRAPS', 'Stock futures', 'job growth', 'Oil futures', 'energy futures', 'consumer-price index', 'higher inflation', 'inflation edge', 'PPI index', 'City Index', 'Economic Sentiment', 'ZEW Indicator', 'trading updates', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Hannover Rueck', 'Veolia Environnement', 'Opening Call', 'stock benchmarks', 'Treasury yields', 'European shares', 'solid position', 'money managers', 'Dan Eye', 'big bets', 'TD Securities', 'market-moving catalysts', 'upward surprises', 'significant rethink', 'Roman Ziruk', 'second half', 'Robert Yawger', 'Mizuho Securities', 'strong risk', 'OPEC+ ministers', 'Monthly reports', 'precious metal', 'Fawad Razaqzada', 'Daria Efanova', 'high stockpiles', 'Chinese ports', 'increasing spending', 'residential housing', 'TOP HEADLINES', 'downward pressure', 'communication strategy', 'largest retailers', 'Home Depot', 'demand estimates', 'market focus', 'Germany CPI', 'CPI report', 'ultralong bonds', 'high levels', 'ANZ Research', 'current economy', 'interest rates', 'slowing progress', 'steel demand', 'DCC', 'Euronext', 'Currys', 'Bayer', 'Asia', 'gold', 'Equities', 'lower', 'markets', 'brace', 'day', 'terms', 'Traders', 'release', 'wait', 'mode', 'Forex', 'strength', 'source', 'support', 'lack', 'April', 'March', 'economists', 'Ex-food', 'path', 'remainder', 'year', 'bit', 'volatility', 'publication', 'numbers', 'Ebury', 'signs', 'expectations', 'allies', 'director', 'June', 'round', 'updated', 'supply', 'buyers', 'dips', 'trend', 'Copper', 'news', 'China', 'continued', 'arrivals', 'investors', 'pace', 'destocking', 'infrastructure', 'loosening', 'restrictions', 'concern', 'attenuation', 'speech', 'Shoppers', 'Clues', 'country', 'Walmart']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/Nannette-LaFond-Dufour-joins-Publicis-Groupe-as-Chief-Impact-Officer-46719360/,Nannette LaFond-Dufour joins Publicis Groupe as Chief Impact Officer,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] today announced the appointment of Nannette LaFond-Dufour as Chief Impact Officer.In this newly created global role  Nannette will be responsible for driving imm…,"Regulatory News:Publicis Groupe (Paris:PUB) [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] today announced the appointment of Nannette LaFond-Dufour as Chief Impact Officer.In this newly created global role  Nannette will be responsible for driving immediate impact across the Groupe’s long-term ESG commitments. These include Publicis’ ambitious SBTI-approved climate goals  its concrete diversity  equity and inclusion action plans  as well as its flagship initiatives like the Working with Cancer pledge and the Women’s Forum for the Economy & Society.A leading industry figure over the course of her 30-year career  Nannette joins Publicis from McCann Worldgroup where she was Chief Client Officer and McCann’s inaugural Chief Sustainability Officer  responsible for driving sustainability goals across its global environmental footprint.Nannette will head a centralized team in cultivating and partnering with the Groupe’s ESG community around the world. Together  they will design and deploy a consistent strategy on impact  with clear and measurable KPIs  to enhance and expand Publicis’ existing initiatives and implement new ones  at the service of its teams and its clients.Her appointment underscores Publicis’ ongoing commitment to creating positive change through environmental and societal impact. Consistently ranked first in the industry by leading ESG rating agencies  in the past year Publicis was the only holding company in the sector to appear in the S&P Yearbook  which evaluates the sustainability efforts of global businesses. Through the Working with Cancer Pledge  over the last 18 months the Groupe has also rallied more than 1500 of the world’s most iconic companies to commit to erasing the stigma of cancer in the workplace.Nannette will join the Groupe’s Management Committee and report directly to Arthur Sadoun  Chairman & CEO. She will work hand in hand with Agathe Bousquet  President of Publicis France and Directoire+ sponsor for ESG.“With the Directoire+ we are delighted to welcome Nannette to the Groupe” said Arthur Sadoun. “Thanks to our transformation  we have been outperforming the industry on every business and financial KPI for the past four years. But we know that for our growth to be truly sustainable  on every front  it also needs to be responsible. That’s why we have also worked to lead the way through our best-in-class ESG initiatives. With Nannette on board and her proven expertise in delivering impactful change with some of the world’s biggest companies  we are confident we can take our ESG agenda even further  faster  for the good of our people  our clients  and our planet. “""I deeply admire the work that Publicis has done to transform itself  demonstrating both the ability to anticipate the future  and do the hard work required to prepare for it through tangible environmental and societal commitments. At this moment when evolution is the mandate on every front  I look forward to joining such a visionary  courageous and agile team"" added Nannette LaFond-Dufour.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com| Twitter |Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Instagram|Viva la Difference!View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240514533917/en/",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.7,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['Nannette LaFond-Dufour joins', 'Chief Impact Officer', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Publicis’ ambitious SBTI-approved climate goals', 'leading ESG rating agencies', 'inaugural Chief Sustainability Officer', 'Chief Client Officer', 'concrete diversity, equity', 'inclusion action plans', 'S&P Yearbook', 'four main activities', 'Chief Impact Officer', 'past four years', 'leading industry figure', 'long-term ESG commitments', 'Publicis’ existing initiatives', 'global environmental footprint', 'digital business transformation', 'sustainability goals', 'ESG initiatives', 'sustainability efforts', 'past year', 'societal commitments', 'flagship initiatives', 'ESG community', 'ESG agenda', 'global role', 'global businesses', 'global leader', 'Publicis France', 'Regulatory News', 'immediate impact', '30-year career', 'centralized team', 'consistent strategy', 'measurable KPIs', 'ongoing commitment', 'positive change', 'societal impact', 'holding company', 'last 18 months', 'iconic companies', 'Management Committee', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'Agathe Bousquet', 'financial KPI', 'impactful change', 'biggest companies', 'tangible environmental', 'visionary, courageous', 'agile team', 'The Power', 'value chain', 'marketing transformation', 'privileged partner', 'fluid organization', 'source version', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Cancer pledge', 'proven expertise', 'ten expertise', 'The Groupe', 'McCann Worldgroup', 'Directoire+ sponsor', 'hard work', 'Euronext Paris', 'Nannette LaFond-Dufour', 'clients’ transformation', 'CAC', 'appointment', 'Working', 'Women', 'Forum', 'Economy', 'Society', 'course', 'clear', 'service', 'teams', 'sector', 'stigma', 'workplace', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'hand', 'President', 'growth', 'front', 'way', 'class', 'board', 'good', 'people', 'planet', 'future', 'moment', 'evolution', 'mandate', 'communication', 'step', 'consulting', 'execution', 'personalization', 'scale', 'Data', 'Technology', 'unified', 'access', '100 countries', '103,000 professionals', 'publicisgroupe', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Difference', 'businesswire']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HERIGE-110711922/news/Herige-Q1-2024-TURNOVER-46720907/,Herige :  Q1 2024 TURNOVER,(marketscreener.com)  French GAAP - € millionTurnover20242023Change %1st quarter195.0227.1-14.1%TOTAL195.0227.1-14.1%Industrial Joinery66.275.5-12.3%Concrete Industry33.739.1-13.8%Building Materials...https://www.marketscre…,"French GAAP - € millionTurnover 2024(1) 2023 Change % 1st quarter 195.0 227.1 -14.1% TOTAL 195.0 227.1 -14.1% Industrial Joinery 66.2 75.5 -12.3% Concrete Industry 33.7 39.1 -13.8% Building Materials Trading 89.7 106.8 -16.1% Other 13.1 14.7 -11.1% Inter-segment eliminations - 7.7 -9.0 -(1) Unaudited figures - including discontinued operations of the Building Materials Trading  Public Works and Natural Stone businesses (VM Matériaux  LNTP and Cominex) to be deconsolidated in the Group's financial statements with effect from May 1  2024.The new construction market still in decline in Q1 2024HERIGE Group posted turnover of €195 million for the first three months of 2024  down 14.1% on the same period in 2023. The downturn in activity at the start of the year reflects a heavily deteriorated new construction market  as well as a negative calendar effect.The Industrial Joinery business  down 12.3%  was impacted by the introduction of the new MaPrimeRenov' renovation program and a negative calendar effect of 1 day.The Concrete Industry was down 13.8%  reflecting a heavily deteriorated new construction market  but was offset by the increase in volumes for the low-carbon Vitaliss® concrete range and public works activities. The negative calendar effect over the first quarter was 1.5 days.Building Materials Trading was down 16.1% against the backdrop of a challenging new construction market experiencing particular difficulty in single housing units (33.3% drop in individual single-family housing starts over the last 12 months). There was a negative calendar effect of 0.5 days over the period.Outlook and developmentsDespite ongoing challenges in an uncertain environment  particularly in a difficult new construction market  the Group remains determined to pursue the implementation of its strategic priorities. HERIGE will continue to strengthen its operating performance by maintaining strict financial management. At the same time  the Group is reinforcing its positioning in the high-growth renovation and refurbishment markets  while also continuing to promote its corporate social responsibility (CSR) objectives by rolling out transition plans aimed at reducing its carbon footprint and promoting the circular economy.NEXT PUBLICATION: Q2 2024 turnover on July 23  2024 (after the close of trading)All our financial communications are available on our website: www.groupe-herige.fr/enAbout HERIGEHERIGE focuses on two sectors of the building industry: the Concrete Industry and Industrial Joinery. HERIGE is a multi-regional group of Vendée origin  with a workforce of almost 2 000 employees  present in mainland France  Canada and overseas.HERIGE is listed on Euronext GrowthPEA/PME eligibleIndices: EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS  EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE  ENTERNEXT©PEA-PME 150ISIN FR0000066540  Ticker: ALHRG  Reuters ALHRG.PACONTACTSHERIGEBenoît Hennaut – Chairman of the Executive BoardCaroline Lutinier – Head of Group Communication & CSRTel.: +33 (0)2 51 08 08 08E-mail: communication@groupe-herige.fr ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne Puissant – Analyst/Investor RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 – E-mail: cpuissant@actus.frSerena Boni – Press RelationsTel.: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92 – E-mail: sboni@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nZpsk5Rukm3JmHKbY8eaa2aZbW9olmGammObk2OcYsiVm2yTxZuWbsjJZnFmnWZp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85813-herige_ca_t1_2024_vuk_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.08,0.19,0.73,True,English,"['Herige', 'Q1 2024', 'TURNOVER', 'individual single-family housing starts', 'low-carbon Vitaliss® concrete range', ""new MaPrimeRenov' renovation program"", 'challenging new construction market', 'difficult new construction market', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE', 'The Industrial Joinery business', 'single housing units', 'EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS', 'Natural Stone businesses', 'VM Matériaux', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Vendée origin', 'Benoît Hennaut', 'original press release', 'negative calendar effect', 'The Concrete Industry', 'strict financial management', 'Building Materials Trading', 'first three months', 'public works activities', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'high-growth renovation', 'building industry', 'Press Relations', 'first quarter', 'last 12 months', 'financial statements', 'financial communications', 'French GAAP', '1st quarter', 'Inter-segment eliminations', 'Unaudited figures', 'particular difficulty', 'ongoing challenges', 'uncertain environment', 'strategic priorities', 'operating performance', 'same time', 'refurbishment markets', 'transition plans', 'carbon footprint', 'circular economy', 'NEXT PUBLICATION', 'two sectors', 'mainland France', 'ENTERNEXT©PEA-PME', 'Executive Board', 'Caroline Lutinier', 'Corinne Puissant', 'Investor Relations', 'Serena Boni', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'other releases', 'same period', 'CSR) objectives', 'multi-regional group', 'Reuters ALHRG', 'Q2 2024 turnover', 'ACTUS finance', 'Group Communication', 'HERIGE Group', 'TOTAL', 'operations', 'LNTP', 'Cominex', 'May', 'decline', 'Q1', 'downturn', 'activity', 'year', 'introduction', '1 day', 'increase', 'volumes', '1.5 days', 'backdrop', '0.5 days', 'Outlook', 'developments', 'implementation', 'positioning', 'July', 'close', 'website', 'workforce', '2,000 employees', 'Canada', 'PEA/PME', 'Indices', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'Chairman', 'Head', 'Tel.', 'mail', 'cpuissant', 'sboni', 'nZpsk5Rukm3JmHKbY8eaa2aZbW9olmGammObk2OcYsiVm2yTxZuWbsjJZnFmnWZp', 'Full', 'PDF', 'company']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/14/nexpoint-real-estate-finance-nysenref-klepierre-otcmktsklpef-financial-analysis/,NexPoint Real Estate Finance (NYSE:NREF) & Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF) Financial Analysis,NexPoint Real Estate Finance (NYSE:NREF – Get Free Report) and Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the superior business? We will compare the two companies based on the strength of their earnings  valuation  di…,NexPoint Real Estate Finance (NYSE:NREF – Get Free Report) and Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the superior business? We will compare the two companies based on the strength of their earnings  valuation  dividends  profitability  institutional ownership  risk and analyst recommendations.ProfitabilityThis table compares NexPoint Real Estate Finance and Klépierre’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Get NexPoint Real Estate Finance alerts:Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets NexPoint Real Estate Finance 23.44% 3.70% 0.18% Klépierre N/A N/A N/AInsider & Institutional Ownership67.8% of NexPoint Real Estate Finance shares are held by institutional investors. 54.0% of NexPoint Real Estate Finance shares are held by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds  endowments and large money managers believe a company will outperform the market over the long term.Valuation and EarningsGross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio NexPoint Real Estate Finance $68.36 million 3.45 $13.98 million ($0.55) -24.38 Klépierre $1.62 billion N/A $208.54 million N/A N/AThis table compares NexPoint Real Estate Finance and Klépierre’s revenue  earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.Klépierre has higher revenue and earnings than NexPoint Real Estate Finance.Analyst RecommendationsThis is a summary of recent ratings and recommmendations for NexPoint Real Estate Finance and Klépierre  as provided by MarketBeat.com.Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score NexPoint Real Estate Finance 0 2 0 1 2.67 Klépierre 1 2 0 0 1.67NexPoint Real Estate Finance currently has a consensus price target of $15.50  indicating a potential upside of 15.59%. Given NexPoint Real Estate Finance’s stronger consensus rating and higher probable upside  analysts clearly believe NexPoint Real Estate Finance is more favorable than Klépierre.Volatility & RiskNexPoint Real Estate Finance has a beta of 1.61  suggesting that its stock price is 61% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively  Klépierre has a beta of 1.46  suggesting that its stock price is 46% more volatile than the S&P 500.SummaryNexPoint Real Estate Finance beats Klépierre on 9 of the 11 factors compared between the two stocks.About NexPoint Real Estate Finance(Get Free Report)NexPoint Real Estate Finance  Inc. operates as a commercial mortgage real estate investment trust in the United States. It focuses on originating  structuring  and investing in first-lien mortgage loans  mezzanine loans  preferred equity  convertible notes  multifamily properties  and common equity investments  as well as multifamily and single-family rental commercial mortgage-backed securities securitizations  multifamily structured credit risk notes  and mortgage-backed securities or target assets. The company has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (REIT) and would not be subject to federal corporate income taxes if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. NexPoint Real Estate Finance  Inc. was incorporated in 2019 and is based in Dallas  Texas.About Klépierre(Get Free Report)Klépierre SA is the European leader in shopping malls  combining property development and asset management skills. The Company's portfolio is valued at 19.3 billion at December 31  2023  and comprises large shopping centers in more than 10 countries in Continental Europe which together host hundreds of millions of visitors per year. Klépierre SA holds a controlling stake in Steen & Strøm (56.1%)  Scandinavia's number one shopping center owner and manager. Klépierre SA is a French REIT (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris and is included in the CAC Next 20 and EPRA Euro Zone Indexes. It is also included in ethical indexes  such as Euronext CAC 40 ESG  Euronext CAC SBT 1.5  MSCI Europe ESG Leaders  FTSE4Good  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120  and features in CDP's A-list. These distinctions underscore the Group's commitment to a proactive sustainable development policy and its global leadership in the fight against climate change.Receive News & Ratings for NexPoint Real Estate Finance Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NexPoint Real Estate Finance and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.63,0.35,0.02,True,English,"['NexPoint Real Estate Finance', 'Klépierre', 'Financial Analysis', 'NYSE', 'NREF', 'OTCMKTS', 'KLPEF', 'single-family rental commercial mortgage-backed securities securitizations', 'commercial mortgage real estate investment trust', 'number one shopping center owner', 'NexPoint Real Estate Finance alerts', 'NexPoint Real Estate Finance shares', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score', 'multifamily structured credit risk notes', 'Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings', 'federal corporate income taxes', 'EPRA Euro Zone Indexes', 'proactive sustainable development policy', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'stronger consensus rating', 'first-lien mortgage loans', 'large shopping centers', 'Ratings Buy Ratings', 'large money managers', 'asset management skills', 'Euronext CAC 40 ESG', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'Euronext CAC SBT', 'Get Free Report', 'concise daily summary', 'higher probable upside', 'common equity investments', 'consensus price target', 'Net Margins Return', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'Klépierre SA', 'finance companies', 'taxable income', 'convertible notes', 'shopping malls', 'Earnings Ratio', 'property development', 'Continental Europe', 'ethical indexes', 'email address', 'Euronext Paris', 'multifamily properties', 'CAC Next', 'recent ratings', 'Sell Ratings', 'higher revenue', 'potential upside', 'mezzanine loans', 'stock price', 'institutional investors', ""analysts' ratings"", 'OTCMKTS:KLPEF', 'superior business', 'two companies', 'analyst recommendations', 'Equity Return', 'A N', 'A Insider', 'hedge funds', 'long term', 'MarketBeat.com', 'S&P 500', 'two stocks', 'United States', 'preferred equity', 'European leader', 'controlling stake', 'Strøm', 'global leadership', 'climate change', 'related companies', 'Share Price', 'target assets', 'company insiders', 'The Company', 'French REIT', 'latest news', 'NYSE', 'NREF', 'strength', 'valuation', 'dividends', 'profitability', 'table', 'indication', 'endowments', 'EPS', 'recommmendations', 'Volatility', 'beta', '11 factors', 'stockholders', 'Dallas', 'Texas', 'portfolio', 'December', '10 countries', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'visitors', 'year', 'Steen', 'Scandinavia', 'SIIC', 'FTSE4Good', 'features', 'CDP', 'A-list', 'distinctions', 'Group', 'commitment', 'fight']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,etfdailynews.com
40908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BARCO-NV-5972/news/Barco-ClickShare-reaffirms-commitment-to-climate-action-with-the-carbon-neutral-certification-for-46715129/,Barco : ClickShare reaffirms commitment to climate action with the carbon-neutral certification for the ClickShare Bar range,(marketscreener.com)   About Barco   Barco  headquartered in Kortrijk   is a global company leading in visualization  networking  and collaboration technology. Its innovative solutions drive advancements in the healthcare  enterprise  and entertainment m…,About BarcoBarco  headquartered in Kortrijk (Belgium)  is a global company leading in visualization  networking  and collaboration technology. Its innovative solutions drive advancements in the healthcare  enterprise  and entertainment markets. At the heart of Barco's success are over 3 000 dedicated 'visioneers'  each passionately contributing to driving change through technology.Listed on Euronext (BAR)  Reuters (BARBt.BR)  and Bloomberg (BAR BB)  Barco realized sales of 1 050 million euro in 2023. For further insights  please visit www.barco.com or connect on X  LinkedIn  YouTube  Instagram  and Facebook.Barco. Visioneering a bright tomorrow. © 2024About CO2logic  a South Pole companyCO2logic joined the South Pole Group in 2021  forming the world's largest climate solutions provider and carbon project developer.Together  they advise and support companies and institutions worldwide in defining and implementing ambitious and integrated sustainability strategies  to meet the climate challenge.From ambition to action  accelerate your climate transition with us!#ourclimatejourney,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['ClickShare Bar range', 'climate action', 'carbon-neutral certification', 'Barco', 'commitment', 'largest climate solutions provider', 'South Pole Group', 'carbon project developer', 'integrated sustainability strategies', 'South Pole company', 'innovative solutions', 'climate challenge', 'climate transition', 'global company', 'entertainment markets', ""3,000 dedicated 'visioneers"", 'BARBt.BR', 'bright tomorrow', 'collaboration technology', 'BAR BB', 'Barco Barco', 'Kortrijk', 'Belgium', 'visualization', 'networking', 'advancements', 'healthcare', 'enterprise', 'heart', 'success', 'change', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'sales', '1,050 million', 'insights', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Facebook', 'CO2logic', 'world', 'companies', 'institutions', 'ambitious', 'ambition', 'action', 'ourclimatejourney']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SIGNIFY-N-V-27862555/news/Signify-shareholders-approve-all-proposals-at-the-AGM-2024-46720278/,Signify shareholders approve all proposals at the AGM 2024,(marketscreener.com) Press Release May 14  2024 Signify shareholders approve all proposals at the AGM 2024 Eindhoven  Netherlands – Signify   the world leader in lighting  announces that all proposals on the agenda at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholder…,Press ReleaseMay 14  2024Signify shareholders approve all proposals at the AGM 2024Eindhoven  Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  announces that all proposals on the agenda at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) 2024 held today were adopted  including:A cash dividend of EUR 1.55 per ordinary share from the 2023 net income.The re-appointment of Chief Executive Officer Eric Rondolat as member of the Board of Management for a period of four years.The appointment of Jeroen Drost as Supervisory Board member for a period of four years and the re-appointment of Rita Lane and Pamela Knapp as Supervisory Board members for a period of two and four years  respectively.The appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the company’s new external auditor for a period of three years starting January 1  2026.Signify’s 2023 results are included in its 2023 Annual Report that was published on February 27  2024.More information on Signify’s 2024 AGM can be found here.--- END ---For further information  please contact:Signify Investor RelationsThelke GerdesTel: +31 6 1801 7131E-mail: thelke.gerdes@signify.comSignify Corporate CommunicationsTom LodgeTel: +31 6 5252 5416E-mail: tom.lodge@signify.comAbout SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals  consumers and the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interact systems and data-enabled services deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. In 2023  we had sales of EUR 6.7 billion  approximately 32 000 employees and a presence in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for seven consecutive years and have achieved the EcoVadis Platinum rating for four consecutive years  placing Signify in the top one percent of companies assessed. News from Signify can be found in the Newsroom   on X   LinkedIn and Instagram . Information for investors is located on the Investor Relations page.Attachment,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,positive,0.59,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['Signify', 'shareholders', 'proposals', 'AGM', 'Chief Executive Officer Eric Rondolat', 'Dow Jones Sustainability World Index', 'Corporate Communications Tom Lodge', 'new external auditor', 'EcoVadis Platinum rating', 'top one percent', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Supervisory Board members', 'seven consecutive years', 'Investor Relations page', 'four consecutive years', 'four years', 'world leader', '2023 Annual Report', 'three years', 'Press Release', 'cash dividend', 'ordinary share', '2023 net income', 'Jeroen Drost', 'Rita Lane', 'Pamela Knapp', 'Philips products', 'Interact systems', 'data-enabled services', 'business value', 'public spaces', 'extraordinary potential', 'brighter lives', 'More information', 'Thelke Gerdes', 'May', 'Signify', 'shareholders', 'proposals', 'AGM', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'LIGHT', 'agenda', 'appointment', 'Management', 'period', 'two', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers', 'company', 'January', '2023 results', 'February', 'Tel', 'mail', 'professionals', 'consumers', 'Internet', 'Things', 'life', 'homes', 'buildings', 'sales', '32,000 employees', 'presence', '70 countries', 'IPO', 'companies', 'News', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'investors', 'Attachment', '31']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EBUSCO-HOLDING-N-V-128408817/news/Ebusco-N-intends-to-nominate-Michiel-Peters-as-Co-CEO-46712626/,Ebusco N : intends to nominate Michiel Peters as Co-CEO,(marketscreener.com) Deurne  14 May 2024 - Ebusco   a pioneer and frontrunner in the development of electric buses  charging systems  and energy storage  announces today that its Supervisory Board intends to nominate Michiel Peters as Co-Chief Executive Offic…,This is an abstract of the document. To keep reading  click here and get access to the original version.Attachments Original LinkPermalinkDisclaimer Ebusco Holding NV published this content on 14 May 2024 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 14 May 2024 05:38:25 UTC.Deurne  14 May 2024 - Ebusco (Euronext: EBUS)  a pioneer and frontrunner in the development of electric buses  charging systems  and energy storage  announces today that its Supervisory Board intends to nominate Michiel Peters as Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-CEO). Michiel will join Ebusco on August 1 as Co-CEO with the mutual intention to formalise this position in the fourth quarter of 2024. Michiel will chair the Executive Team and report to the Supervisory Board. [...],neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Ebusco N', 'Michiel Peters', 'CEO', 'Disclaimer Ebusco Holding NV', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Executive Team', 'original version', 'Original Link', 'electric buses', 'charging systems', 'energy storage', 'Supervisory Board', 'mutual intention', 'fourth quarter', 'Michiel Peters', 'abstract', 'document', 'reading', 'access', 'Attachments', 'Permalink', 'content', '14 May', 'information', 'Public', 'Deurne', 'Euronext', 'pioneer', 'frontrunner', 'development', 'Co-CEO', 'August', 'position']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRAYONANO-120976700/news/CrayoNano-Q1-2024-Trading-Update-Invitation-46718484/,CrayoNano : Q1 2024 Trading Update Invitation,(marketscreener.com)   CrayoNano Q1 2024 Trading Update Invitation  14 May 2024    Trondheim  Norway-CrayoNano AS would like to extend an invitation to our Q1 2024 Trading Update.   Please register for the event on our website via the following lin…,"CrayoNano Q1 2024 Trading Update Invitation 14 May 2024Trondheim  Norway-CrayoNano AS (NOTC:CNANO) would like to extend an invitation to our Q1 2024 Trading Update.Please register for the event on our website via the following link: CrayoNano Q1 2024 Trading Update.The presentation will be held by Dr. Thomas Dobbertin  CEO  Jens Kielland  CFO  and Michael Peil  SEVP/CRO  and will be presented in English.Date: 23rd May 2024Time: 10:00 - 11:00 Central European Summer Time (CEST)For more information  please contact:CFO Jens KiellandMail: investor@crayonano.comPhone: +47 72 90 98 60About CrayoNanoFounded in 2012  CrayoNano develops and manufactures nanomaterials-based semiconductor components using proprietary technologies. Headquartered in Trondheim  Norway  CrayoNano has established operations in Taiwan and supports customers globally with sales representatives in EMEA  APAC and Americas. CrayoNano's innovative semiconductor components advance global solutions in health and safety  water purification  consumer  and industrial applications  and more. CrayoNano is registered on Euronext OTC in Norway under the ticker ""CNANO"".",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Q1 2024 Trading Update Invitation', 'CrayoNano', 'CrayoNano Q1 2024 Trading Update Invitation', '11:00 Central European Summer Time', 'Dr. Thomas Dobbertin', 'nanomaterials-based semiconductor components', 'innovative semiconductor components', 'Norway-CrayoNano AS', 'following link', 'Jens Kielland', 'Michael Peil', 'proprietary technologies', 'sales representatives', 'global solutions', 'water purification', 'industrial applications', 'Euronext OTC', '23rd May', 'Trondheim', 'NOTC', 'CNANO', 'event', 'website', 'presentation', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'SEVP/CRO', 'English', 'CEST', 'information', 'Mail', 'investor', 'Phone', 'operations', 'Taiwan', 'customers', 'EMEA', 'APAC', 'Americas', 'health', 'safety', 'consumer', 'ticker', '10:00', '47']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FLUXYS-BELGIUM-SA-10741632/news/Fluxys-Belgium-Regulated-information-Payment-of-dividend-46721401/,Fluxys Belgium: Regulated information - Payment of dividend,(marketscreener.com) The Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of 14 May 2024 decided to distribute a dividend for the financial year 2023 and set the gross amount at EUR 1.40 per share. The net dividend  after deduction of the 30% withholding tax  amounts…,The Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of 14 May 2024 decided to distribute a dividend for the financial year 2023 and set the gross amount at EUR 1.40 per share.The net dividend  after deduction of the 30% withholding tax  amounts to EUR 0.98 per share and is payable as from 22 May 2023.Holders of dematerialised and registered shares on 21 May 2024 will receive the dividend as from 22 May 2024 as follows:The dividend of dematerialised shares will be paid automatically by the financial intermediary holding the shares on behalf of the shareholder.The dividend of registered shares will be paid directly to the shareholders entered in the register.According to Euronext procedure: Ex date: 20.05.2024 / Record date: 21.05.2024 / Payment date: 22.05.2024,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Fluxys Belgium', 'Regulated information', 'Payment', 'dividend', 'The Ordinary General Meeting', 'financial year', 'gross amount', '30% withholding tax', 'financial intermediary', 'Euronext procedure', 'Ex date', 'Record date', 'Payment date', 'registered shares', 'dematerialised shares', 'net dividend', 'Shareholders', '14 May', 'deduction', '22 May', '21 May', 'behalf']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FLUXYS-BELGIUM-SA-10741632/news/Regulated-information-Payment-of-dividend-46721329/,Regulated information: Payment of dividend,(marketscreener.com)   The Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of 14 May 2024 decided to distribute a dividend for the financial year 2023 and set the gross amount at EUR 1.40 per share.   The net dividend  after deduction of the 30% withholding tax…,The Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of 14 May 2024 decided to distribute a dividend for the financial year 2023 and set the gross amount at EUR 1.40 per share.The net dividend  after deduction of the 30% withholding tax  amounts to EUR 0.98 per share and is payable as from 22 May 2024.Holders of dematerialised and registered shares on 21 May 2024 will receive the dividend as from 22 May 2024 as follows:The dividend of dematerialised shares will be paid automatically by the financial intermediary holding the shares on behalf of the shareholder.The dividend of registered shares will be paid directly to the shareholders entered in the register.According to Euronext procedure: Ex date: 20.05.2024 / Record date: 21.05.2024 / Payment date: 22.05.2024,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Regulated information', 'Payment', 'dividend', 'The Ordinary General Meeting', 'financial year', 'gross amount', '30% withholding tax', 'financial intermediary', 'Euronext procedure', 'Ex date', 'Record date', 'Payment date', 'registered shares', 'net dividend', 'dematerialised shares', 'Shareholders', '14 May', 'deduction', '22 May', '21 May', 'behalf']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40914,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COLRUYT-GROUP-N-V-5976/news/Colruyt-N-Repurchase-of-treasury-shares-46712290/,Colruyt N : Repurchase of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE - Halle   14 May 2024 - 08h30 - Regulated information   Repurchase of treasury shares   Referring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in …,PRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium)  14 May 2024 - 08h30 - Regulated informationRepurchase of treasury sharesReferring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in execution of the Companies and Associations Code  Colruyt Group NV communicates that it has purchased in the period from 6 May 2024 to 10 May 2024 a total of 51.064 treasury shares at the regulated market Euronext Brussels  at an MTF or outside of an organised trading facility in accordance with applicable regulations.The Board of Directors of Colruyt Group has performed this purchase after having been so empowered by the extraordinary general meeting of 10 October 2019.As a result of these transactions the company holds a total of 2.274.888 treasury shares on 10 May 2024 or 1 79% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 127.348.890).An overview of the repurchases of treasury shares since 1 July 2009  will be available on our website www.colruytgroup.comunder:Investors/Shareholders' information/Overview of capital and shares/Repurchase of shares.Overview of repurchases from 6 May 2024 to 10 May 2024Date of Trading Number Average Highest Lowest Total (EUR) purchase facility (1) of shares price (EUR) purchase purchase price (EUR) price (EUR) 06/05/2024 ENB 12.107 42 4119 43 52 41 76 06/05/2024 DXE 4.813 42 2880 43 50 41 72 06/05/2024 TQE 1.320 42 0946 42 14 41 86 06/05/2024 AQE 660 42 0371 42 22 41 8806/05/2024 18.900 42 3451 800.322 39 07/05/2024 ENB 8.000 42 3597 42 72 42 10 07/05/2024 DXE 5.970 42 2677 42 50 42 16 07/05/2024 13.970 42 3204 591.215 99 08/05/2024 ENB 875 42 6273 42 72 42 50 08/05/2024 875 42 6273 37.298 89 09/05/2024 ENB 6.980 42 4438 42 76 42 10 09/05/2024 DXE 320 42 1885 42 20 42 10 09/05/2024 7.300 42 4326 309.757 98 10/05/2024 ENB 5.719 42 8768 43 08 42 64 10/05/2024 DXE 4.300 42 8072 42 86 42 74 10/05/2024 10.019 42 8469 429.283 09 General total 51.064 42 45 2.167.878 34,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.5,0.48,0.02,True,English,"['Colruyt N', 'treasury shares', 'Repurchase', 'Colruyt Group NV', 'organised trading facility', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Highest Lowest Total', 'purchase purchase price', 'purchase facility', 'Trading Number', 'shares price', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated information', 'Associations Code', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'applicable regulations', 'The Board', ""Shareholders' information"", 'total number', 'treasury shares', 'Halle', 'Belgium', '14 May', '08h30', 'Repurchase', 'article', 'Companies', '29 April', 'execution', 'period', '6 May', '10 May', 'market', 'MTF', 'accordance', 'Directors', '10 October', 'result', 'transactions', 'company', 'overview', '1 July', 'website', 'colruytgroup', 'capital', 'Date', 'ENB', 'DXE', 'TQE', 'AQE']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40915,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881755/0/en/Air-France-KLM-announces-the-successful-issuance-of-new-bonds-for-a-total-aggregate-amount-of-650-million.html,Air France-KLM announces the successful issuance of new bonds for a total aggregate amount of €650 million,Paris  14 May 2024  Air France-KLM announces the successful issuance of new bonds for a total aggregate amount of €650 million   Air France-KLM (the......,Paris  14 May 2024Air France-KLM announces the successful issuance of new bonds for a total aggregate amount of €650 millionAir France-KLM (the “Company”) has successfully placed new bonds today  for a total nominal amount of €650 million with a 5-year maturity and a coupon of 4.625% (the “New Notes”) under its Euro 4 500 000 000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme. The New Notes are expected to be rated BBB- by Fitch and BB+ by S&P.Strong investor demand  with an orderbook above €2.8 billion that covered c.4.3x the size of the bonds  is a testament to investors’ confidence in Air France-KLM.The Company announced on 13 May 2024 the launch of a tender offer to repurchase the following two series of existing notes in cash:€750 000 000 1.875 per cent notes due 16 January 2025 (ISIN: FR0013477254) (of which €750 000 000 is currently outstanding) (the “ 2025 Notes ”); and”); and €500 000 000 3.875 per cent notes due 1st July 2026 (ISIN: FR0014004AF5) (of which €500 000 000 is currently outstanding) (the “2026 Notes” and  together with the 2025 Notes  the “Existing Notes”).The proceeds of the New Notes will be used to refinance part of the existing debt of the Company by purchasing all or part of the Existing Notes and for general corporate purpose.An application will be made for the New Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.Investor RelationsMichiel Klinkers Marouane Mamimichiel.klinkers@airfranceklm.com marouane.mami@airfranceklm.comWebsite: www.airfranceklm.comAttachment,neutral,0.29,0.69,0.02,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['total aggregate amount', 'Air France-KLM', 'successful issuance', 'new bonds', 'Euro 4,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme', 'total aggregate amount', 'total nominal amount', 'following two series', 'general corporate purpose', 'Strong investor demand', '3.875 per cent notes', 'The New Notes', 'Marouane Mami michiel', 'Investor Relations', 'Air France-KLM', 'successful issuance', '5-year maturity', 'S&P.', 'investors’ confidence', 'tender offer', 'existing debt', 'Michiel Klinkers', 'existing notes', 'new bonds', 'The Company', 'Euronext Paris', '2025 Notes', '2026 Notes', '14 May', 'coupon', 'Fitch', 'orderbook', 'size', 'testament', '13 May', 'launch', 'cash', 'ISIN', '1st', 'proceeds', 'part', 'application', 'airfranceklm', 'Website', 'Attachment']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40916,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIESSE-S-P-A-93574/news/Biesse-S-p-A-14-05-2024-NOTICE-OF-DEPOSIT-OF-THE-FIRST-QUARTER-2024-DOCUMENTATION-46718707/,Biesse S p A : 14/05/2024 – NOTICE OF DEPOSIT OF THE FIRST QUARTER 2024 DOCUMENTATION,(marketscreener.com)   Notice of deposit   Pesaro  14 May 2024 - Biesse informs that  as scheduled by the current legislation  the Consolidated Financial Statement at 31 March 2024 has been published today on the company's website www.biessegroup.com inv…,"Notice of depositPesaro  14 May 2024 - Biesse informs that  as scheduled by the current legislation  the Consolidated Financial Statement at 31 March 2024 has been published today on the company's website www.biessegroup.com investor relations area and on the authorized storage mechanism ""1Info"" at www.1 info.it.BIESSE - We are an international company that manufactures integrated lines and machines to process wood  glass  stone  plastic and composite materials. Founded in Italy in 1969 and listed in the Euronext STAR segment of the Italian Stock Exchange  we support the business evolution of our customers in the furniture & construction  automotive and aerospace sectors. Today  about 80% of our consolidated turnover is achieved abroad by an ever- growing global network with 12 manufacturing campuses and 20+ showrooms all over the world. Thanks to our rooted competence embodied by 4.300 employees  we empower the imagination of industry leading companies and prestigious names in Italian and international design to make the potential of any material shine.Nicola SauttoChief Financial Officer and Investor RelatorT +39 0721 439439M +39 334 640 5271 nicola.sautto@biesse.combiesse.com",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['FIRST QUARTER 2024 DOCUMENTATION', 'Biesse S', 'NOTICE', 'DEPOSIT', 'THE', 'Euronext STAR segment', 'growing global network', 'industry leading companies', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Consolidated Financial Statement', 'investor relations area', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'consolidated turnover', 'Investor Relator', 'current legislation', 'storage mechanism', 'integrated lines', 'composite materials', 'business evolution', 'aerospace sectors', '12 manufacturing campuses', '20+ showrooms', 'rooted competence', 'prestigious names', 'international design', 'international company', 'Nicola Sautto', 'Notice', 'deposit', 'Pesaro', '14 May', 'Biesse', '31 March', 'website', '1Info', 'www', 'machines', 'wood', 'glass', 'stone', 'plastic', 'Italy', 'customers', 'furniture', 'construction', 'automotive', 'world', '4.300 employees', 'imagination', 'potential']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40917,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-Environnement-KEY-FIGURES-AT-31-MARCH-2024-46712670/,Veolia Environnement : KEY FIGURES AT 31 MARCH 2024,(marketscreener.com)   PDF   Press release : Key Figures at 31 March 2024       VERY STRONG START OF THE YEAR ENABLES TO FULLY  CONFIRM OUR 2024 FULL YEAR OBJECTIVES    Solid underlying revenue growth and strong commercial momentum in both our…,"We have continued to demonstrate our technological leadership and innovative approach to providing our customers with the water service of the future  notably through the renewal of the flagship contract with Syndicat des Eaux de l'Île-de-France  worth a total of €4 billion  and to finding solutions that now enable us to be ready to combat emerging pollutants  such as PFAS  in drinking water in the United States and France.5 Excluding energy prices6 At constant exchange ratesVeolia's ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023.As the changes in the health crisis are difficult to estimate  we draw your attention to the ""forward-looking statements"" that may appear in this press release and relating to the consequences of this crisis which may affect the future performance of the Company. Veolia Environnement is a corporation listed on the Euronext Paris. This press release contains ""forward-looking statements'' within the meaning of the provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are outside our control  including but not limited to: the risk of suffering reduced profits or losses as a result of intense competition  the risk that changes in energy prices and taxes may reduce Veolia Environnement's profits  the risk that governmental authorities could terminate or modify some of Veolia Environnement's contracts  the risk that acquisitions may not provide the benefits that Veolia Environnement hopes to achieve  the risks related to customary provisions of divestiture transactions  the risk that Veolia Environnement's compliance with environmental laws may become more costly in the future  the risk that currency exchange rate fluctuations may negatively affect Veolia Environnement's financial results and the price of its shares  the risk that Veolia Environnement may incur environmental liability in connection with its past  present and future operations  as well as the other risks described in the documents Veolia Environnement has filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (French securities regulator). Veolia Environnement does not undertake  nor does it have  any obligation to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements. Investors and security holders may obtain from Veolia Environnement a free copy of documents it filed (www.veolia.com) with the Autorités des marchés financiers. This document contains ""non‐GAAP financial measures"". These ""non‐GAAP financial measures"" might be defined differently from similar financial measures made public by other groups and should not replace GAAP financial measures prepared pursuant to IFRS standards.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Veolia Environnement', 'KEY FIGURES', '31 MARCH', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Autorités des marchés financiers', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'currency exchange rate fluctuations', 'non‐GAAP financial measures', 'French securities regulator', 'Syndicat des Eaux', 'constant exchange rates', 'similar financial measures', 'three complementary activities', '63 million metric tons', 'useful, practical solutions', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'financial results', '113 million people', 'technological leadership', 'innovative approach', 'water service', 'flagship contract', 'emerging pollutants', 'drinking water', 'United States', 'ecological transformation', 'five continents', 'Paris Euronext', 'consolidated sales', 'press release', 'Euronext Paris', 'Actual results', 'intense competition', 'governmental authorities', 'divestiture transactions', 'environmental laws', 'environmental liability', 'past, present', 'security holders', 'free copy', 'other groups', 'IFRS standards', 'Veolia Environnement', 'future performance', 'future operations', 'energy prices', 'benchmark company', 'available resources', 'health crisis', 'reduced profits', 'customary provisions', 'other risks', 'Veolia group', 'customers', 'renewal', 'Île-de-France', 'total', 'PFAS', 'ambition', '218,000 employees', 'waste', 'world', 'access', '42 terawatt-hours', 'VIE', 'changes', 'attention', 'consequences', 'corporation', 'meaning', 'guarantees', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'losses', 'taxes', 'contracts', 'acquisitions', 'benefits', 'compliance', 'shares', 'connection', 'documents', 'obligation', 'updates', 'Investors']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40918,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-Annual-General-Meeting-of-16-May-2024-Clarification-as-to-the-tax-treatment-of-the-pro-46712910/,Euronav : Annual General Meeting of 16 May 2024 – Clarification as to the tax treatment of the proposed distribution,(marketscreener.com)   Annual General Meeting of 16 May 2024 - Clarification as to the tax treatment of the proposed distribution      14 May 2024 08:00 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   EURONAV      ANTWERP ...https://www.marketscreene…,"Annual General Meeting of 16 May 2024 - Clarification as to the tax treatment of the proposed distributionANTWERP  Belgium  14 May 2024 - Euronav NV (NYSE: EURN & Euronext: EURN) (""Euronav"" or the ""Company"") clarifies that the proposal by the Supervisory Board to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting on 16 May 2024 to distribute USD 4.57 per share to all shareholders  is a payout in cash which is proposed as a combination of a dividend (USD 0.27 per share) and a distribution out of the available share premium (USD 4.30 per share).The dividend distribution is subject to 30% withholding tax (to the extent no exemption or reduction applies). Of the share premium distribution  USD 0.81 per share is subject to 30% withholding tax (to the extent no exemption or reduction applies). The remaining USD 3.49 per share is exempt from any withholding tax.* * *Contact: Head of Marketing & Communications - Katrien Hennin Tel: +32 499393470 Email: Katrien.hennin@cmb.techAnnual General Meeting - 16 May 2024About Euronav NV & CMB.TECHEuronav and CMB.TECH together represent a group with around 150 ocean-going vessels (including newbuildings) in dry bulk  container shipping  chemical tankers  offshore wind and oil tankers. The group focuses on large marine and industrial applications on hydrogen or ammonia. They also offer hydrogen and ammonia fuel to customers  through own production or third-party producers. The company is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices across Europe and Asia. Euronav is listed on Euronext Brussels and on the NYSE under the symbol EURN. Euronav plans to change the group's name to CMB.TECH. Euronav will remain the oil tanker shipping company within the group.Forward-Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbour protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbour provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbour legislation. The words ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""intends""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""may""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""pending"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  our management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control  we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections or meet expected timings.In addition to these important factors  other important factors that  in our view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in our operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for our vessels  availability of financing and refinancing  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.20240514-agm-press-releaseeng.pdf",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.02,0.3,0.67,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'tax treatment', 'Euronav', '16 May', 'Clarification', 'distribution', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'tech Annual General Meeting', 'oil tanker shipping company', 'United States Securities', 'safe harbour protections', 'safe harbour provisions', 'safe harbour legislation', 'tanker vessel capacity', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'international political conditions', 'historical operating trends', 'general market conditions', 'available share premium', 'charter counterparty performance', 'other important factors', 'future litigation', 'share premium distribution', 'oil tankers', 'general domestic', 'container shipping', 'shipping routes', 'other factors', 'historical facts', 'charter rates', 'vessel values', 'operating expenses', 'political events', 'other risks', 'tax treatment', 'Supervisory Board', '30% withholding tax', 'Katrien Hennin', 'Katrien.hennin', 'dry bulk', 'chemical tankers', 'offshore wind', 'large marine', 'industrial applications', 'third-party producers', 'press release', 'prospective information', 'future events', 'other statements', 'cautionary statement', 'similar expressions', 'third parties', 'expected timings', 'actual results', 'world economies', 'bunker prices', 'insurance costs', 'governmental rules', 'regulatory authorities', 'potential liability', 'potential disruption', 'Exchange Commission', 'complete discussion', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'other data', '150 ocean-going vessels', 'vessels breakdowns', 'ammonia fuel', 'Euronext Brussels', 'significant uncertainties', 'underlying assumptions', 'various assumptions', 'financing arrangements', 'Euronav NV', 'dividend distribution', 'CMB.TECH', '16 May', 'Clarification', 'ANTWERP', 'Belgium', '14 May', 'NYSE', 'EURN', 'proposal', 'USD', 'payout', 'cash', 'combination', 'extent', 'exemption', 'reduction', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Communications', 'Email', 'group', 'newbuildings', 'hydrogen', 'customers', 'production', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'name', 'Matters', 'order', 'companies', 'business', 'plans', 'objectives', 'goals', 'strategies', 'advantage', 'connection', 'words', 'forecast', 'project', 'turn', 'limitation', 'management', 'examination', 'records', 'contingencies', 'control', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'addition', 'view', 'failure', 'counterparties', 'contracts', 'strength', 'currencies', 'fluctuations', 'changes', 'demand', 'dry-docking', 'availability', 'refinancing', 'covenants', 'regulations', 'actions', 'pending', 'accidents', 'instances', 'hires', 'filings', 'agm', 'releaseeng']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40919,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIR-FRANCE-KLM-158764802/news/Air-France-KLM-announces-the-successful-issuance-of-new-bonds-for-a-total-aggregate-amount-of-650-46722014/,Air France-KLM announces the successful issuance of new bonds for a total aggregate amount of 650 million,(marketscreener.com) Paris  14 May 2024 Air France-KLM announces the successful issuance of new bonds for a total aggregate amount of €650 million Air France-KLM has successfully placed new bonds today  for a total nominal amount of €650 million with a 5-year…,Paris  14 May 2024Air France-KLM announces the successful issuance of new bonds for a total aggregate amount of €650 millionAir France-KLM (the “Company”) has successfully placed new bonds today  for a total nominal amount of €650 million with a 5-year maturity and a coupon of 4.625% (the “New Notes”) under its Euro 4 500 000 000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme. The New Notes are expected to be rated BBB- by Fitch and BB+ by S&P.Strong investor demand  with an orderbook above €2.8 billion that covered c.4.3x the size of the bonds  is a testament to investors’ confidence in Air France-KLM.The Company announced on 13 May 2024 the launch of a tender offer to repurchase the following two series of existing notes in cash:€750 000 000 1.875 per cent notes due 16 January 2025 (ISIN: FR0013477254) (of which €750 000 000 is currently outstanding) (the “ 2025 Notes ”); and”); and €500 000 000 3.875 per cent notes due 1st July 2026 (ISIN: FR0014004AF5) (of which €500 000 000 is currently outstanding) (the “2026 Notes” and  together with the 2025 Notes  the “Existing Notes”).The proceeds of the New Notes will be used to refinance part of the existing debt of the Company by purchasing all or part of the Existing Notes and for general corporate purpose.An application will be made for the New Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.Investor RelationsMichiel Klinkers Marouane Mamimichiel.klinkers@airfranceklm.com marouane.mami@airfranceklm.comWebsite: www.airfranceklm.comAttachment,neutral,0.37,0.61,0.02,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['total aggregate amount', 'Air France-KLM', 'successful issuance', 'new bonds', 'Euro 4,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme', 'total aggregate amount', 'total nominal amount', 'following two series', 'general corporate purpose', 'Strong investor demand', '3.875 per cent notes', 'The New Notes', 'Marouane Mami michiel', 'Investor Relations', 'Air France-KLM', 'successful issuance', '5-year maturity', 'S&P.', 'investors’ confidence', 'tender offer', 'existing debt', 'Michiel Klinkers', 'existing notes', 'new bonds', 'The Company', 'Euronext Paris', '2025 Notes', '2026 Notes', '14 May', 'coupon', 'Fitch', 'orderbook', 'size', 'testament', '13 May', 'launch', 'cash', 'ISIN', '1st', 'proceeds', 'part', 'application', 'airfranceklm', 'Website', 'Attachment']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40920,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Voltalia-launches-its-third-employee-share-purchase-plan-46722019/,Voltalia launches its third employee share purchase plan,(marketscreener.com) compartment A Ordinary share ISIN code: FR0011995588 Security admitted to Voltalia's Deferred Settlement Service Objective of the transaction - reasons for the offer: On December 13  2023  Voltalia's Board of Directors approved the implem…,"Voltalia launches its third employee share purchase planVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces the launch of its third employee share purchase planThrough its third employee share purchase plan  Voltalia offers a new opportunity for eligible employees to participate in the company's growth and success. This plan reflects Voltalia's firm commitment to attract and retain the talents that embodie its mission and contribute to its value creation.With this operation  Voltalia enters a new stage after the introduction of the profit-sharing scheme at the end of 2017  followed by its first year of application in 2018 and the launch of the employee share purchase plan in spring 2019 and 2022.The previous employee shareholding plans had enjoyed strong support from employees with a participation rate of 70%  positioning the company among those with the highest participation rate for a program with an international scope  according to figures from the French Federation of Employee Shareholder Associations (FAS).This third plan offers existing shares reserved for employees of the Voltalia Group in France  Brazil  Greece  Spain  Italy  Portugal and the United Kingdom. Eligible employees will thus be able to purchase Voltalia SA shares on attractive terms  within the framework of the Voltalia group savings plan.The subscription period opens on May 15 and closes on May 29  2024 included.Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia  comments: "" Voltalia's mission and remarkable development are both supported by the commitment of our employees. I am delighted to see eligible employees being offered the opportunity to once again be associated with the group's value creation.""Operation detailsIssuerVOLTALIA SAEuronext Paris (France) - compartment AOrdinary share ISIN code: FR0011995588Security admitted to Voltalia's Deferred Settlement Service (SRD)Objective of the transaction - reasons for the offer: On December 13  2023  Voltalia's Board of Directors approved the implementation of an employee share purchase plan for the year 2024. This offer of existing shares under the Voltalia group savings plan is offered to employees of the Group who are eligible for the Voltalia group employee share purchase plan in France  Brazil  Greece  Italy  Portugal Spain and the United Kingdom. The shares will be subscribed by employees through an FCPE in France  Brazil  Portugal and the United-Kingdom and directly in Greece  Italy and Spain.Shares offeredThe transaction takes the form of a transfer of shares to employees within the limit of 300 000 shares.The Board of Directors has set the subscription price on May 13  2024 at €6.39  representing a 20% discount to the reference price (€7.98). This reference price is obtained from the average of the opening prices quoted during the 20 trading days preceding the date on which the subscription price is set on May 13  2024  i.e. between April 12  2024 and May 10  2024 included.The conversion rates retained for the whole subscription period are:EUR/BRL = 5.5133EUR/GBP = 0.85712Conditions of subscriptionThe beneficiariesThe beneficiaries of the offer of existing shares are employees of the Voltalia group  with permanent  fixed-term  full-time or part-time contracts  eligible for the Voltalia group savings plan in France  Brazil  Greece  Italy  Portugal  Spain and the United Kingdom  with at least three months' seniority between January 1  2023 at the last day of the subscription period.The companies included in the scope of the offer are Voltalia and its majority owned companies  which are related to it within the meaning of Article L. 225-180 of the French Commercial Code and Article L. 3344-1 of the French Labour Code  which have subscribed to the Voltalia group savings plan and whose registered offices are located in France  Brazil  Greece  Italy  Portugal  Spain and the United Kingdom.The proposed subscription formulaBeneficiaries may subscribe at a 20% discount to the share price observed during the reference period for all eligible employees and a matching contribution under the group savings plan.Beneficiaries who subscribe to the offer will be exposed to fluctuations in the share price  both upwards and downwards (the investment is therefore exposed to a risk of capital loss and to the risk of exchange rates (for countries outside the euro zone).Other subscription conditionsThe current operation is an offer of existing shares.Terms of subscription: the shares are subscribed through a FCPE in France  Brazil  Portugal and the United-Kingdom and directly in Greece  Italy and Spain.Matching contribution: a distinction is made between eligible employees who already participated in the Voltalia employee share purchase plan in 2019 or 2022 and first-time eligible employees:Eligible Category Subscription amount Amount Maximum Amount Eligible Up to a subscription amount of €500 100% subscription top-up €500 Eligible first-time buyer Up to a subscription amount of €500 200% subscription top-up €1 000Minimum subscription threshold: €50.Subscription ceiling: the annual payments made by the beneficiaries of the offer may not exceed 25% of their gross annual remuneration  up to a limit of €5 000.Voting rights: each employee shareholder exercises the voting rights attached to the shares he/she holds (directly or through the FCPE).Dividends: the subscribed shares entitle the holder to dividends during the period of investment  if such a decision was made at the general meeting of shareholders.Lock-up of Voltalia shares: subscribers to the offering will have to keep their shares for 5 years untilJune 1  2029  unless an early release event occurs.Timetable of the operationSubscription period: May 15  2024 (included) to May 29  2024 (included)Settlement-delivery of the shares: expected on June 27  2024Specific mention for the international marketThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy VOLTALIA shares. The offer of VOLTALIA shares to employees will only be made in countries where such an offer has been registered with the competent local authorities and/or following the approval of a prospectus by the competent local authorities  or in the context of an exemption from the obligation to prepare a prospectus or to register the offer. More generally  the offer will only be made in countries where all required registrations and/or notifications have been made and approvals obtained. This press release is not intended for  and copies thereof should not be sent to  countries in which such a prospectus has not been approved or such an exemption is not available or in which all required registrations and/or notifications have not yet been made or authorisations obtained.Employee contactFor any question relating to the present offer  the beneficiaries can refer to their local contact.Next on the agenda: Annual General Meeting  May 16  2024About Voltalia ( www.voltalia.com ) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group generates and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 2.9 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 16.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia also offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With over 1 850 employees in more than 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed in compartment A of the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the EnterNext Tech 40  CAC Small and Euronext Tech Leaders indices. The company is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the index for responsible mid-cap companies. VoltaliaInvestor Relations: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 SEITOSEI.ACTIFINPress Relations: Jennifer Julliajennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.com – T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.22,0.24,True,English,"['third employee share purchase plan', 'Voltalia', 'Voltalia group employee share purchase plan', 'third employee share purchase plan', 'Voltalia employee share purchase plan', 'previous employee shareholding plans', 'Eligible Category Subscription amount Amount', 'Ordinary share ISIN code', 'Voltalia group savings plan', 'Employee Shareholder Associations', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'permanent, fixed-term, full-time', ""three months' seniority"", 'French Commercial Code', 'French Labour Code', 'Eligible first-time buyer', 'third plan', 'highest participation rate', 'Operation details Issuer', 'first-time eligible employees', 'Other subscription conditions', 'Voltalia SA shares', 'share price', 'Maximum Amount', 'French Federation', 'Euronext Paris', 'international player', 'renewable energies', 'value creation', 'new stage', 'profit-sharing scheme', 'strong support', 'United Kingdom', 'subscription period', 'remarkable development', 'subscription price', 'reference price', 'opening prices', '20 trading days', 'conversion rates', 'part-time contracts', 'last day', 'majority owned', 'Article L.', 'registered offices', 'subscription formula', 'reference period', 'matching contribution', 'capital loss', 'exchange rates', 'euro zone', 'current operation', 'existing shares', 'new opportunity', 'firm commitment', 'first year', 'international scope', 'attractive terms', 'The Board', '100% subscription', '200% subscription', '300,000 shares', 'launch', 'company', 'growth', 'success', 'talents', 'mission', 'introduction', 'end', 'application', 'spring', 'program', 'figures', 'FAS', 'France', 'Brazil', 'Greece', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'Portugal', 'framework', 'May', 'CEO', 'compartment', 'Security', 'SRD', 'Objective', 'transaction', 'reasons', 'offer', 'December', 'Directors', 'implementation', 'FCPE', 'United-Kingdom', 'transfer', 'limit', '20% discount', 'average', 'date', 'April', 'BRL', 'GBP', 'beneficiaries', 'January', 'companies', 'meaning', 'fluctuations', 'investment', 'risk', 'countries', 'distinction', '€']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40921,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENFIT-16311755/news/GENFIT-Reports-First-Quarter-2024-Financial-Information-46722880/,GENFIT Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Information,(marketscreener.com) Lille   Cambridge   Zurich   May 14  2024 - GENFIT   a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announced its cash position as of March 31  2024…,"Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  May 14  2024 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announced its cash position as of March 31  2024 and revenues for the first three months of 2024.1Cash positionAs of March 31  2024  the Company’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to €74.0 million compared with €128.6 million as of March 31  2023  and €77.8 million as of December 31  2023.The stability in cash and cash equivalents between December 31  2023  and March 31  2024 takes into account changes in accounts receivables (notably the receipt of the €13.3 million milestone invoiced to Ipsen in December 2023) offset by our continued research and development efforts  notably for:UNVEIL-IT®  our Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating VS-01 in Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF);our cholangiocarcinoma program evaluating GNS561;our ACLF program evaluating NTZ; andour non-clinical trial of SRT-015 in ACLF.We expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements until approximately the fourth quarter of 2025. This is based on current assumptions and programs and does not include exceptional events. This estimation includes our expectations to receive future milestone revenue in 2024  subject to approval by applicable regulatory authorities and US and European commercial launches of elafibranor in Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC) by Ipsen  representing a total of approximately €75.2 million.RevenuesRevenues for the first three months of 2024 amounted to €1.1 million compared to €5.0 million for the same period in 2023.This revenue for the first three months of 2024 was generated under the Transition Services Agreement and Part B Transition Services Agreement  signed in April 2022 and September 2023 respectively by GENFIT and Ipsen  in order to facilitate the transition of certain services related to the Phase 3 ELATIVE® clinical trial until the complete transfer of the responsibility of the trial to Ipsen.Of the €5.0 million in revenues for the first three months of 2023  €4.1 million in revenue was attributable to the partial recognition of the €40.0 million deferred income per IFRS 15 in accordance with the Collaboration and Licensing Agreement signed with Ipsen in 2021. €0.8 million was attributable to re-billings made in accordance with this agreement. €0.1 million in revenue was generated from the services rendered by GENFIT to Ipsen in accordance with the Transition Services Agreement signed in 2022.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients with rare  life-threatening liver diseases whose medical needs remain largely unmet. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and a solid scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Today  GENFIT has built up a diversified and rapidly expanding R&D portfolio of programs at various stages of development. The Company focuses on Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF). Its ACLF franchise includes five assets under development: VS-01  NTZ  SRT-015  CLM-022 and VS-02-HE  based on complementary mechanisms of action using different routes of administration. Other active ingredients target other serious diseases  such as cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD) and organic acidemia (OA). GENFIT's expertise in the development of high-potential molecules from early to advanced stages  and in pre-commercialization  was demonstrated with the success of the 52-week Phase 3 ELATIVE® study evaluating elafibranor in Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapies  GENFIT also has a diagnostic franchise including NIS2+® in Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH  formerly known as NASH for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis) and TS-01 focusing on blood ammonia levels. GENFIT is headquartered in Lille  France and has offices in Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). The Company is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris  Compartment B (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  Ipsen became one of GENFIT's largest shareholders  acquiring an 8% stake in the Company's capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to GENFIT  including  but not limited to statements about the Company’s eligibility to receive future milestone payments from Ipsen relating to the development and commercial launch of elafibranor in PBC  approval of elafibranor in PBC and potential commercialization in the United States and Europe as early as 2024  and expected cash runway. The use of certain words  such as ""believe""  ""potential""  ""expect""  “target”  “may”  “will”  ""should""  ""could""  ""if"" and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on the current expectations and reasonable assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among others  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety of drug candidates  cost of  progression of  and results from  our ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  potential commercial success of elafibranor if approved  exchange rate fluctuations  and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors and Internal Control"" of the Company's 2023 Universal Registration Document filed on April 5  2024 (no. D.24-0246) with the Autorité des marchés financiers (""AMF"")  which is available on GENFIT's website (www.genfit.fr) and the AMF's website (www.amf.org)  and those discussed in the public documents and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including the Company’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 5  2024 and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC or otherwise made public  by the Company. In addition  even if the results  performance  financial position and liquidity of the Company and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Unaudited financial information under IFRSAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.48,0.5,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Financial Information', 'GENFIT Reports', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Part B Transition Services Agreement', 'expanding R&D portfolio', '52-week Phase 3 ELATIVE® study', 'Phase 3 ELATIVE® clinical trial', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'rare, life-threatening liver diseases', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'other serious diseases', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'first three months', 'applicable regulatory authorities', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'solid scientific heritage', 'Other active ingredients', 'urea cycle disorder', 'blood ammonia levels', 'liver disease research', 'future milestone payments', 'European commercial launches', '€40.0 million deferred income', 'Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'Euronext regulated market', 'capital expenditure requirements', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'future milestone revenue', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Compartment B', '€13.3 million milestone', 'Licensing Agreement', 'continued research', 'non-clinical trial', 'alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'United States', 'accounts receivables', 'operating expenses', 'fourth quarter', 'current assumptions', 'exceptional events', 'same period', 'complete transfer', 'partial recognition', 'medical needs', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'various stages', 'five assets', 'complementary mechanisms', 'different routes', 'organic acidemia', 'high-potential molecules', 'early to', 'advanced stages', 'diagnostic franchise', 'largest shareholders', 'press release', 'cash position', 'cash equivalents', 'existing cash', 'cash runway', 'cholangiocarcinoma program', 'potential commercialization', 'ACLF program', 'ACLF franchise', 'development efforts', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'GENFIT', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'March', 'revenues', 'December', 'stability', 'changes', 'receipt', 'Ipsen', 'UNVEIL-IT®', 'VS', 'GNS561', 'NTZ', 'SRT-015', 'programs', 'estimation', 'expectations', 'approval', 'elafibranor', 'PBC', 'total', 'April', 'September', 'responsibility', 'IFRS', 'accordance', 'Collaboration', 'billings', 'pioneer', 'diversified', 'action', 'administration', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'OA', 'expertise', 'success', 'therapies', 'NIS2+®', 'MASH', 'NASH', 'TS-01', 'offices', 'Paris', 'USA', '8% stake', 'meaning', 'respect', 'eligibility', 'words', 'believe', 'target']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40922,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/Tamasha-Scores-Big-with-Digital-Streaming-Rights-for-ICC-Cricket-Tournaments-in-2024-and-2025-46718927/,Tamasha Scores Big with Digital Streaming Rights for ICC Cricket Tournaments in 2024 and 2025,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam and Islamabad  14 May 2024: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that Tamasha  its leading digital entertainment platform in Pakistan  has secured digital stre…,"Amsterdam and Islamabad  14 May 2024: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that Tamasha  its leading digital entertainment platform in Pakistan  has secured digital streaming rights for all major International Cricket Council’s (ICC) tournaments throughout 2024 and 2025.Tamasha  Pakistan’s largest homegrown OTT platform with more than 60 million unique viewers over the past year  will digitally broadcast the highly anticipated ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024  ICC Champions Trophy 2025  ICC Men’s Test Championship  and all Women ICC events on its Android and iOS apps and website.“Cricket is a national passion in Pakistan  and we're delighted to bring the ICC tournaments digitally to fans across the country "" says Aamer Ejaz  Chief Digital Officer at Jazz. ""Our ambition is to engage with our customers for the entire 1 440 minutes that make up each day. Tamasha  Pakistan’s most user-friendly streaming platform which delivers exceptional content is a key part of that strategy. We'll ensure Pakistani fans don't miss a single moment of cricket's biggest events.”This landmark deal builds on Tamasha's previous success in reaching and engaging cricket fans. During the 2023 ICC Men's Cricket World Cup  the platform served over 21 million monthly active users  reaching the top spot on both the Apple App Store and Google Play Store. It also saw a surge in user engagement  peaking at 8.5 million daily active users during the tournament. “Tamasha” was the second most searched word in tech category in Pakistan as per Google’s “2023 Year in Search” report.Fueled by this reach and engagement  leading brands in Pakistan are increasingly partnering with Tamasha for their advertising strategy. Tamasha has attracted over 50 international and local advertisers over the past year  positioning it as a top choice for brand partnerships in the country’s local OTT space. This shift also reflects the changing landscape of Pakistani viewership  as the audience is increasingly moving away from traditional TV and adopting digital streaming.Launched by VEON Group's digital operator Jazz in November 2021  Tamasha is accessible to every mobile broadband user in Pakistan. Through its digital operators  VEON Group offers a variety of digital products and initiatives across entertainment  financial services  digital health and education. As of March 2024  VEON serves more than 110 million total monthly active users across its proprietary digital products and services such as Toffee  Tamasha  BeeTV  KyivstarTV  SIMOSA  myBL  JazzCash  Simply  Izi  BeeCloud and Helsi.About TamashaTamasha is the largest homegrown video streaming platform in Pakistan where users go to enjoy a wide range of on-demand content comprising of both foreign and local movies  dramas  web series  live TV channels  and widely popular Tamasha Originals. Tamasha can be downloaded via Google Play   the Apple App Store   or via Tamasha’s website .About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s digital products  commercial plans and business partnerships. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEONHande AsikGroup Director of Communicationpr@veon.comTUVA PartnersJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.comAttachment",neutral,0.17,0.81,0.01,mixed,0.38,0.28,0.33,True,English,"['Digital Streaming Rights', 'ICC Cricket Tournaments', 'Tamasha', '2024', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', '110 million total monthly active users', 'largest homegrown video streaming platform', 'U.S. Securities Act', '21 million monthly active users', 'largest homegrown OTT platform', '8.5 million daily active users', 'Hande Asik Group Director', 'major International Cricket Council', 'leading digital entertainment platform', 'user-friendly streaming platform', '60 million unique viewers', 'Apple App Store', 'local OTT space', 'digital streaming rights', 'mobile broadband user', 'live TV channels', 'Chief Digital Officer', 'T20 World Cup', 'ICC Champions Trophy', 'global digital operator', 'proprietary digital products', 'Cricket World Cup', 'Google Play Store', 'Women ICC events', '160 million customers', 'leading brands', 'traditional TV', 'digital operators', 'digital health', 'local advertisers', 'local movies', 'ICC) tournaments', 'ICC Men', 'ICC tournaments', 'digital services', 'converged connectivity', 'Test Championship', 'iOS apps', 'national passion', 'Aamer Ejaz', 'entire 1,440 minutes', 'exceptional content', 'key part', 'single moment', 'biggest events', 'landmark deal', 'previous success', 'top spot', 'user engagement', 'tech category', 'Search” report', 'top choice', 'brand partnerships', 'changing landscape', 'Pakistani viewership', 'wide range', 'demand content', 'web series', 'six countries', 'economic growth', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'commercial plans', 'business partnerships', 'forward-looking statement', 'unanticipated events', 'TUVA Partners', 'cricket fans', 'VEON Group', 'online services', 'financial services', 'technology-driven services', 'past year', 'Pakistani fans', 'advertising strategy', 'Contact Information', 'Julian Tanner', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Tamasha Originals', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '50 international', 'statements', '2023 Year', 'Islamabad', 'NASDAQ', 'Android', 'website', 'country', 'Jazz', 'ambition', 'surge', 'word', 'reach', 'shift', 'audience', 'November', 'variety', 'initiatives', 'education', 'March', 'Toffee', 'BeeTV', 'KyivstarTV', 'SIMOSA', 'myBL', 'Simply', 'Izi', 'BeeCloud', 'Helsi', 'foreign', 'dramas', 'population', 'lives', 'individuals', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'Communication', 'tuvapartners', 'Attachment', '14', '2024']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40923,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENERGY-S-P-A-141793545/news/Energy-S-p-A-new-international-tender-worth-Euro-25-7-million-Austria-s-ASFINAG-chooses-Energy-fo-46714453/,Energy S.p.A.: new international tender worth Euro 25.7 million. Austria's ASFINAG chooses Energy for the supply of electricity storage systems and related services.,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: Energy S.p.A. / Key word: Incoming OrdersEnergy S.p.A.: new international tender worth Euro 25.7 million. Austria's ASFINAG chooses Energy for the supply of electricity storage systems and related services…,"EQS-News: Energy S.p.A. / Key word(s): Incoming OrdersEnergy S.p.A.: new international tender worth Euro 25.7 million. Austria's ASFINAG chooses Energy for the supply of electricity storage systems and related services.14.05.2024 / 09:04 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Energy S.p.A.: new international tender worth Euro 25.7 million.Austria's ASFINAG chooses Energy for the supply of electricity storage systems and related services.The supply of the storage systems for the North-East area of the Austrian motorway network  with a total value of Euro 25.7 million  was awarded by the Company as part of a temporary consortium together with Königskreuz GmbH.CEO Davide Tinazzi: ""An international recognition of Energy's leadership and know-howin the area of the energy transition.""Sant'Angelo di Piove di Sacco (Padua)  May 14  2024 - Energy S.p.A.. (""Company"" or ""Energy"")  an Italian leader in storage systems for energy from renewable sources (BESS  Battery Energy Storage System)  listed on Euronext Growth Milan market ( ISIN Code IT0005500712  Ticker ENY)  announces the award of a major tender in Austria for the supply of electricity storage systems and the provision of a number of related services to ASFINAG  Austria’s motorway concession company  with the aim of extending the network infrastructure for alternative mobility. The total value of the supply of the storage systems and services is Euro 25.7 million  with an additional option in favor of the client ASFINAG for further supplies of approx. Euro 3 million.The tender was awarded as part of a temporary consortium (in German: ARGE) together with Königskreuz GmbH (an Austrian-registered company based in Tiefgraben  Upper Austria). Energy S.p.A. is the lead partner of the temporary consortium (named “ARGE Energy S.p.A. Königskreuz GmbH”) and will supply  starting from the summer and for about 18 months  all the storage systems (worth about Euro 22 million) and ancillary services.The tender is the first of its kind won by Energy S.p.A.  as a partner of the ARGE Energy S.p.A. Königskreuz GmbH  and is international recognition of Energy S.p.A.'s strategy  which confirms its leading position in the renewable energy sector. The Company is at the forefront of the transition to a sustainable energy future  constantly investing in research to develop increasingly efficient and sustainable products  thus confirming its influence in the European energy storage market.""We are proud of the acceptance of our project by the Austrian authority. ASFINAG is a dynamic company  a benchmark in the EU and taken as a model in the D-A-CH area  which has ambitious goals to drive between now and 2030 an ecological  digital  and mobility transition"" stated Davide Tinazzi  CEO of Energy S.p.A.. ""The use of storage systems is key to achieving all three goals: complete energy autonomy by that date  energy resilience to protect data (an extremely topical issue)  and motorway fast charging supported by energy from renewable sources. This decision recognizes Energy's leadership in the field of the energy transition  and came at the end of a process in which several industrial entities participated. The technical profile required of the products is very high  and Energy S.p.A. won because of its know-how  unique among the few European manufacturers of storage systems  and the right mix of financial competitiveness  its storage and cloud services technology  and the demonstrable reliability of its products. The storage systems chosen by ASFINAG cover Energy's entire zeroCO2 XL platform  unless customizations are required for specific project needs. This demonstrates both the strength of Energy's design choices over the past year and the Company's flexibility to make adaptive changes to special requirements. We are both sector leaders who recognize each others strengths”.The establishment of the temporary consortium on 13.5.2024 made the contract award effective and marked the commencement of works.***Energy S.p.A.  founded in 2013 by Davide Tinazzi  Andrea Taffurelli and Massimiliano Ghirlanda and listed since August 1  2022 on the Euronext Growth Milan market of the Italian Stock Exchange  is headquartered in the province of Padua (Italy) and is an energy storage systems for both residential and large-scale applications sector leader. Our systems allow energy to be stored and released according to customers' energy needs. Energy has to date sold and installed more than 60 000 systems across the country  with a focus on the residential  commercial  industrial  utilities and electric mobility markets. At December 31  2023  revenues were Euro 63.3 million and net profit Euro 5.6 million. The biggest projects executed include the large-scale plant in Comiso (Sicily)  consisting of an agrivoltaic plant and a photovoltaic field  the large-scale plant at the CAAB Centre in Bologna  the Smart Grids at numerous municipalities in Sardinia and Lombardy and a Condominium Energy Community in Switzerland where individual hubs exchange energy as needed. Energy's sales channels include both general electrical distributors and PV specialists  while the company also works with large European EPCs. The proximity of Energy's logistics to the headquarters of major distributors has allowed the company to establish strong partnerships with the Italian and European market players. The company purchases components from major international suppliers and combines them with its ""Zero CO2"" proprietary software to build EU standard compliant systems. www.energyspa.comASFINAG was founded in 1982 and is an Austrian federal enterprise with a key role in managing the country's road infrastructure. Its primary role includes the design  financing  construction  maintenance  operation and tolling of nearly 2 249 kilometers of motorways and expressways in Austria. The ""ASFINAG system"" is recognized as an example of best practice throughout Europe. In collaboration with their partners  they work to ensure mobility for future generations. Through forward-looking  sustainable and innovative solutions  ASFINAG is actively contributing to the transformation of mobility in Austria. www.asfinag.atContactsCompanyEnergy S.p.A.Tel. +39 049 2701296investor@energysynt.comIR & Corporate Media Relations Advisors InternationalTWIN SrlMara Di GiorgioTel. +39 335 7737417energy@twin.services",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.79,0.19,0.02,True,English,"['Energy S.p.A.', 'new international tender', 'electricity storage systems', 'related services', 'Austria', 'ASFINAG', 'supply', 'ARGE Energy S.p.A. Königskreuz GmbH', 'Incoming Orders Energy S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'entire zeroCO2 XL platform', 'Battery Energy Storage System', 'large-scale applications sector leader', 'European energy storage market', 'Key word(s', 'motorway fast charging', 'several industrial entities', 'complete energy autonomy', ""customers' energy needs"", 'Condominium Energy Community', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'electric mobility markets', 'sustainable energy future', 'renewable energy sector', 'Austrian motorway network', 'cloud services technology', 'specific project needs', 'residential, commercial, industrial', 'motorway concession company', 'electricity storage systems', 'new international tender', 'energy storage systems', 'CEO Davide Tinazzi', 'Italian leader', 'European manufacturers', 'sector leaders', 'energy resilience', 'large-scale plant', 'energy transition', 'international recognition', 'network infrastructure', 'Austrian authority', 'renewable sources', 'alternative mobility', 'mobility transition', 'related services', 'total value', 'temporary consortium', ""Sant'Angelo"", 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ENY', 'major tender', 'additional option', 'ancillary services', 'leading position', 'ambitious goals', 'three goals', 'topical issue', 'technical profile', 'right mix', 'financial competitiveness', 'demonstrable reliability', 'design choices', 'past year', 'adaptive changes', 'special requirements', 'Andrea Taffurelli', 'Massimiliano Ghirlanda', 'net profit', 'biggest projects', 'agrivoltaic plant', 'CAAB Centre', 'Smart Grids', 'numerous municipalities', 'individual hubs', 'sustainable products', 'Austrian-registered company', 'The Company', 'dynamic company', 'North-East area', 'D-A-CH area', 'lead partner', 'photovoltaic field', 'Upper Austria', '60,000 systems', 'EQS-News', 'ASFINAG', 'supply', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'leadership', 'know-how', 'Piove', 'Sacco', 'Padua', 'May', 'BESS', 'award', 'provision', 'number', 'aim', 'favor', 'client', 'supplies', 'German', 'Tiefgraben', 'summer', '18 months', 'kind', 'strategy', 'forefront', 'research', 'efficient', 'influence', 'acceptance', 'benchmark', 'model', 'use', 'date', 'data', 'decision', 'process', 'customizations', 'strength', 'flexibility', 'establishment', 'contract', 'commencement', 'works', 'August', 'province', 'Italy', 'country', 'focus', 'utilities', 'December', 'revenues', 'Comiso', 'Bologna', 'Sardinia', 'Lombardy', 'Switzerland']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40924,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881685/0/en/Wendel-completes-the-acquisition-of-a-51-stake-in-IK-Partners-a-major-step-in-the-deployment-of-its-strategic-expansion-in-third-party-private-asset-management.html,Wendel completes the acquisition of a 51% stake in IK Partners  a major step in the deployment of its strategic expansion in third-party private asset management,Wendel completes the acquisition of a 51% stake in IK Partners  a major step in the deployment of its strategic expansion in third-party private......,"Wendel completes the acquisition of a 51% stakein IK Partners  a major step in the deployment of its strategic expansion in third-party private asset managementWendel (Euronext: MF.FP)  today announced the completion of the acquisition of 51% stake in IK Partners (“IK”)  following regulatory approvals.As part of this initial transaction  Wendel will invest a total of 3831 million euros  or c. 12.5 times the estimated 2024 pre-tax Fee Related Earnings (“FRE”)2  to acquire 51% of IK’s shares. Wendel Group is also entitled to 20% of carried interest generated on all future funds raised by IK.The 383 million euros will be paid by Wendel in two stages:255 million euros today  following the transaction closing 128 million euros on May 14  2027  subject to certain conditions.The remaining 49% of IK’s capital will be acquired by Wendel in subsequent transactions  which will take place between 2029 and 20323  in accordance with the announcements made on October 17  2023.Wendel's ambition is to build a sizeable platform managing multiple private asset classes  alongside its historical principal investment activity. The development of this platform will provide Wendel with recurring cashflows and exposure to the performance of multiple asset classes. Wendel’s ambition is to reach 150 million euros in FRE by 2027 in third-party private asset management. Wendel plans to reach this level through double-digit organic growth of its activities  supplemented by external growth in new asset classes.Wendel's new business model is designed to enable the development  over time  of a value-creation platform with the potential to generate operational synergies.A European private equity leaderFounded in 1989  IK is one of Europe's leading private equity firms  with teams across seven of Northern European countries focusing on the mid-market segment. The Company invests in the Business Services  Healthcare  Consumer and Industrials sectors in Benelux  DACH  France  Nordics and the UK.IK manages 11.84 billion euros of private assets on behalf of third-party investors and since inception  has invested in over 180 companies.Laurent Mignon  Wendel Group CEO  commented:""We are very proud to embark on this new entrepreneurial stage in Wendel's development with the acquisition of a high-quality company like IK  sharing the same values and investment philosophy.The partnership with IK is a major step in the deployment of our new strategy announced in 2023. It will form the foundation of the private asset management division we are building.Given its financial strength  Wendel has the resources to support IK Partners' development over the long term  and invest in its funds to gain access to the results of successful value creation strategies implemented by its teams.Executing this ambitious strategy will accelerate Wendel's diversification  boost recurring cash flow generation and enhance our attractiveness as an investor and listed company.We look forward to working with Christopher Masek and his team  to ensure the success of this new partnership. I would also like to thank the Wendel teams for their contribution to this new milestone in our development. I am convinced that  in the years to come  we will continue to find new opportunities for external growth and direct investments which will create value for Wendel's shareholders while preserving our company's strong financial profile.""Christopher Masek  CEO of IK Partners  commented:""We are excited to partner with Wendel  whose investment will support our existing strategies  while also creating the opportunity for us to accelerate growth in other areas. The envisaged partnership will allow our company to achieve its three strategic objectives which are to: access significant permanent capital; secure a long-term solution for our Partner Group to grow; and maintain our autonomy and identity.In an industry that is seeing significant consolidation through partnerships similar to this  we believe that this transaction sets the foundation for continued growth and strengthening of the IK platform. It offers a unique and attractive model that benefits our company  employees and investors for years to come.We look forward to working with Laurent and his team in what we believe will be a fruitful partnership.""1 Excluding €16M of ticking fees and interests.2 Fee Related Earnings: earnings generated by recurring fee revenues (mainly management fees). It excludes earnings generated by more volatile performance-related revenues such as performance fees or carried interest of investment income.3 And no later than 2034 if the deferral option is exercised.4 Including co-invest direct investments from significant LPs  and from third-party co-control co-investment.AgendaThursday  May 16  2024Annual General MeetingWednesday  July 31  2024H1 2024 results - Publication of NAV as of June 30  2024  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)Thursday  October 24  2024Q3 2024 Trading update - Publication of NAV as of September 30  2024 (post-market release)Thursday  December 5  20242024 Investor DayAbout WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as ACAMS  Bureau Veritas  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Scalian  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies. In 2023  Wendel initiated a strategic shift into third-party asset management of private assets  alongside its historical principal investment activities.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of “Grand Mécène de la Culture” in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on LinkedIn @WendelPress contacts Analyst and investor contacts Christine Anglade: + 33 1 42 85 63 24 Olivier Allot: +33 1 42 85 63 73 c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.com Caroline Decaux: +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch: +33 1 42 85 63 72 c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.com Primatice Olivier Labesse: +33 6 79 11 49 71 olivierlabesse@primatice.com Hugues Schmitt: +33 6 71 99 74 58 huguesschmitt@primatice.com Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty: +1 212 521 4854 todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['third-party private asset management', 'IK Partners', 'major step', 'strategic expansion', 'Wendel', 'acquisition', '51% stake', 'deployment', 'third-party private asset management Wendel', 'leading private equity firms', 'private asset management division', 'European private equity leader', 'recurring cash flow generation', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'multiple private asset classes', 'historical principal investment activity', 'successful value creation strategies', '2024 pre-tax Fee Related Earnings', 'multiple asset classes', 'new asset classes', 'Northern European countries', 'recurring fee revenues', '2 Fee Related Earnings', 'strong financial profile', 'volatile performance-related revenues', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 2024 Trading update', 'three strategic objectives', 'new entrepreneurial stage', 'double-digit organic growth', 'new business model', 'significant permanent capital', 'private assets', 'Wendel Group CEO', 'management fees', 'third-party co', ""IK Partners' development"", 'recurring cashflows', 'financial strength', 'existing strategies', 'third-party investors', 'strategic expansion', 'Business Services', 'attractive model', 'new strategy', 'new milestone', 'new opportunities', 'Partner Group', 'significant consolidation', 'significant LPs', 'major step', 'MF.FP', 'regulatory approvals', '3831 million euros', '383 million euros', 'two stages', '128 million euros', 'subsequent transactions', '150 million euros', 'external growth', 'operational synergies', 'mid-market segment', 'Industrials sectors', '11.84 billion euros', 'same values', 'investment philosophy', 'long term', 'ambitious strategy', 'Christopher Masek', 'direct investments', 'other areas', 'long-term solution', 'continued growth', 'investment income', 'deferral option', 'market release', 'new partnership', 'sizeable platform', 'value-creation platform', 'future funds', 'Laurent Mignon', 'fruitful partnership', 'H1 2024 results', 'initial transaction', 'high-quality company', 'listed company', 'IK platform', 'performance fees', 'Wendel teams', 'IK.', 'acquisition', '51% stake', 'deployment', 'Euronext', 'completion', 'total', 'FRE', 'shares', 'interest', 'May', 'conditions', 'place', 'accordance', 'announcements', 'October', 'ambition', 'exposure', 'level', 'activities', 'time', 'potential', 'Healthcare', 'Consumer', 'Benelux', 'DACH', 'France', 'Nordics', 'UK', 'behalf', 'inception', '180 companies', 'foundation', 'resources', 'access', 'diversification', 'attractiveness', 'contribution', 'years', 'shareholders', 'opportunity', 'autonomy', 'identity', 'industry', 'partnerships', 'strengthening', 'unique', 'employees', 'Agenda', 'Thursday', 'Wednesday', 'Publication', 'NAV', 'June', 'September']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40925,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-AIRWELL-125185219/news/Groupe-Airwell-Q1-2024-REVENUE-EUR-12-0M-IN-LINE-WITH-FORECASTS-ANNUAL-GROWTH-TARGET-CONFI-46720899/,Groupe Airwell :  Q1 2024 REVENUE: EUR 12.0M  IN LINE WITH FORECASTS - ANNUAL GROWTH TARGET CONFIRMED,(marketscreener.com)  The Airwell Group   creator of intelligent energy ecosystems  has reported Q1 2024 revenue of €12.0m  in line with the level announced by the Company with the publication of its 2023 annual results  and consistent with the business pla…,"The Airwell Group (Euronext Growth  ALAIR)  creator of intelligent energy ecosystems  has reported Q1 2024 revenue of €12.0m  in line with the level announced by the Company with the publication of its 2023 annual results  and consistent with the business plan for the 2024 financial year. The Group expects to gradually improve this trend over the coming quarters  with a clear acceleration expected in H2  enabling it to target double-digit growth for the 2024 financial year.French standards(€m) – unaudited Q1 2023 Q1 2024 Change (%) Mainland France 6.7 8.6 +29.2% Overseas territories 1.3 0.4 -68.4% International 6.2 2.9 -50.4% TOTAL 14.1 12.0 -15.4%Activity in Q1 2024Airwell has reported revenue of €12.0m in Q1 2024  down -15.4%  in line with expectations at the start of the year (see press release of 23 April 2024). The Group faced a very high basis for comparison in this quarter  particularly for International  which enjoyed a very strong start in 2023 financial year (+60.4%).France continued its excellent momentum  posting revenue of €8.6m in Q1 2024  a substantial increase of +29.2% vs. Q1 2023. This performance was driven by sales of Air-Water heat pumps  up +13.4%  and Air-Air heat pumps (+109.2%)  which together accounted for 60% of sales in Q1 2024. Airwell thus continues to gain significant market share in its domestic market. Note that revenue in France also includes a €0.7m contribution from Airwell Industrie.Revenue in the French overseas departments and territories (DOM-TOM) came to €0.4m  down -68.4% vs. the same period last year  as a result of ad hoc destocking by a number of partners  while sales in Guadeloupe are still in the recovery phase following Airwell's direct takeover of sales initiatives. A similar trend is expected for the next quarter  before a rebound in the second half of the year.For its part  International generated revenue of €2.9m  down -50.4% vs. Q1 2023. This export trend  which is not representative of the year's overall expected performance  can be explained by ad hoc inventory adjustments with certain distributors  and by the current lengthening of international shipping times.Q1 2024 sales consisted of 90% for the residential market and 10% for the commercial market  which grew over the quarter  buoyed by demand for Air-Air heat pumps and high-power heat pumps for hotels  particularly in Africa.Targeted double-digit growth in revenue confirmed for 2024Airwell expects to see a gradual improvement in its business momentum  with a return to growth by Q2 and a clear acceleration expected in the second half of the year under the impetus of ongoing gains in market share in France  and the expected rebound in sales in French overseas departments and territories and internationally.In France  2024 will be marked by the launch of new offerings  including a service solution for smart  connected homes (""Ma Maison Hybride"")  and an energy renovation financing offer for the residential sector. Airwell Industrie will also be contributing with the continued progress of its first contract with Synerpod to implement large-scale renovation for collective and social housing (400 houses to be renovated).Overall  the Group is aiming for double-digit revenue growth in 2024 compared with 2023  representing a further step towards its reiterated objective of revenue in excess of €100m by 2025.Next publication: H1 2024 revenue on 16 July 2024  after market closeAbout AirwellFounded in 1947 in France  Airwell is France's leading designer of heat pumps in the field of climatic and thermal engineering. A major operator  the French pioneer in heat pumps and then the leading European manufacturer in the 1970s  Airwell became Groupe Airwell in 2021. In a market driven by the energy transition  the company aims to become a reference in Europe  and a key player in climate and thermal solutions based on needs and uses on a global level  with a presence in 80 countries. The French developer of climatic and thermal solutions continued to develop in an effort to optimise the energy consumption of its products  protect natural resources and capture solar energy  thereby significantly reducing its customers' environmental footprints. Based in Montigny-le-Bretonneux ((78)  a municipality in Greater Paris)  Groupe Airwell has more than 100 employees. In March 2023  the Group became a member of the Communauté du Coq Vert run by Bpi France and ADEME (French Agency for Ecological Transition).Compartment: Euronext Growth® Paris;Ticker: ALAIRwww.groupe-airwell.comContactsGROUPE AIRWELLCEOLaurent ROEGELinvestisseurs@airwell.com ATOUT CAPITALRodolphe OSSOLAListing Sponsorrodolphe.ossola@atoutcapital.com+33 (0)1 56 69 61 86 ACTUS FINANCE ET COMMUNICATIONFinancial CommunicationAnne-Pauline PETUREAUXapetureaux@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 72 Media RelationsManon CLAIRETmclairet@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l5tvZshtl2bGmW+faZ5tZmeVb2mUlGSYa5aWlGadk5+ZaGthyWeXmcbJZnFmnWVm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85800-airwell_pr_q12024_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.7,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL GROWTH TARGET CONFIRMED', 'Groupe Airwell', 'Q1 2024 REVENUE', 'LINE', 'FORECASTS', 'Communauté du Coq Vert', 'ad hoc inventory adjustments', 'energy renovation financing offer', 'Rodolphe OSSOLA Listing Sponsor', 'ad hoc destocking', 'smart, connected homes', 'Ma Maison Hybride', ""customers' environmental footprints"", 'Anne-Pauline PETUREAUX apetureaux', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'intelligent energy ecosystems', 'leading European manufacturer', 'Air-Water heat pumps', 'Air-Air heat pumps', 'high-power heat pumps', 'French overseas departments', 'Targeted double-digit growth', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'significant market share', 'international shipping times', 'Euronext Growth® Paris', 'GROUPE AIRWELL CEO', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'The Airwell Group', 'large-scale renovation', 'energy transition', 'energy consumption', 'solar energy', 'leading designer', 'Greater Paris', 'French standards', 'French pioneer', 'French developer', 'French Agency', 'The Group', '2023 annual results', 'business plan', 'coming quarters', 'clear acceleration', 'Overseas territories', 'press release', 'high basis', 'excellent momentum', 'substantial increase', 'domestic market', '€0.7m contribution', 'same period', 'recovery phase', 'direct takeover', 'second half', 'current lengthening', 'residential market', 'commercial market', 'gradual improvement', 'business momentum', 'ongoing gains', 'new offerings', 'service solution', 'residential sector', 'continued progress', 'first contract', 'social housing', 'market close', 'thermal engineering', 'major operator', 'key player', 'thermal solutions', 'natural resources', 'Ecological Transition', 'Laurent ROEGEL', 'Media Relations', 'Manon CLAIRET', 'similar trend', 'export trend', 'Airwell Industrie', 'strong start', 'global level', 'Financial Communication', '2024 financial year', '2023 financial year', 'unaudited Q1', 'Q1 2024 Change', 'H1 2024 revenue', 'sales initiatives', 'next quarter', 'Next publication', 'ACTUS FINANCE', 'Mainland France', 'Bpi France', 'Q1 2024 revenue', 'Q1 2024 sales', 'ALAIR', 'creator', 'Company', 'TOTAL', 'Activity', 'expectations', '23 April', 'comparison', 'performance', 'DOM-TOM', 'number', 'partners', 'Guadeloupe', 'rebound', 'overall', 'distributors', 'demand', 'hotels', 'Africa', 'return', 'Q2', 'impetus', 'launch', 'Synerpod', 'collective', '400 houses', 'step', 'objective', 'excess', '16 July', 'field', 'climatic', '1970s', 'reference', 'climate', 'needs', 'presence', '80 countries', 'effort', 'products', 'Bretonneux', 'municipality', '100 employees', 'March', 'member', 'ADEME', 'Compartment', 'Ticker', 'Contacts', 'CAPITAL', 'mclairet', 'l5tvZshtl2bGmW', 'faZ5tZmeVb2mUlGSYa5aWlGadk5', 'ZaGthyWeXmcbJZnFmnWVm']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40926,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881730/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-Atlas.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from Atlas,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from Atlas  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 4......,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from AtlasAtlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 4 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 100 000 capital increase. This is part of Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC’s EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on developing innovative therapeutics to preserve the vision of elderly people  targeting potential market opportunities of USD 3-6 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM – 14 May  2024 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 1 086 956 521 new ordinary shares on May 2  2024  for a total amount of EUR 100 000 pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC.Following completion of capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 10 101 777 808 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 9 014 821 287 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 84 456 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 10 101 777 808 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 10 101 777 808 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued (excluding any shares resulting (a) from the potential conversion of any convertibles bonds issued on December 20  2021 to the benefit of Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P. or (b) from the exercise of any subscription rights issued by the Company to the benefits of employees  consultants or directors of the Company (as they are both currently significantly out-of-the-money):276 convertible bonds issued on March 14  2023  April 20  2023  May 22  2023  June 15  2023  August 10  2023  September 15  2023  October 20  2023  October 24  2023  November 15  2023 and November 15  2023  January 9  2024  February 2  2024  March 4  2024 and April 10  2024  entitling its holder  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC  to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds pursuant to the Subscription Agreement entered into between the Company and Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC on March 1  2023  as amended on September 10  2023 and December 22  2023.ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is engaged in developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies for the treatment of retinal disease. Oxurion is based in Leuven  Belgium. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.Please contact for additional information:Oxurion NVPascal GhosonChief Executive Officerpascal.ghoson@oxurion.comBackstage CommunicationJurgen VluijmansPartnerjurgen@backstagecom.be1 Press release Oxurion  02/03/2023Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.33,0.31,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'Atlas', 'Pascal Ghoson Chief Executive Officer pascal', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Jurgen Vluijmans Partner jurgen', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'EUR 100,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential market opportunities', 'Such forward-looking statements', '1,086,956,521 new ordinary shares', '10,101,777,808 outstanding ordinary shares', '1,287 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Belgian Act', 'Share capital', 'new information', 'potential conversion', '4 convertible bonds', 'innovative therapeutics', 'elderly people', '07.00 PM CET', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', 'convertibles bonds', 'L.P.', '276 convertible bonds', 'Subscription Agreement', 'next-generation standard', 'retinal disease', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'Backstage Communication', 'Voting Rights', 'subscription rights', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'Total Number', 'Conversion Notice', 'various risks', 'The Company', 'Oxurion NV', 'Denominator', 'LLC', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', '14 May', 'accordance', 'article', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'regulated', 'issuance', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'December', 'benefit', 'UK', 'Limited', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'exercise', 'employees', 'consultants', 'directors', 'money', 'March', 'April', 'June', 'August', 'September', 'October', 'November', 'January', 'February', 'holder', 'terms', 'conditions', 'END', 'treatment', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'assets', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'contact', 'backstagecom', 'Attachments']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40927,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-AIRWELL-125185219/news/Q1-2024-revenue-12-0M-in-line-with-forecasts-46723229/,Q1 2024 revenue : 12.0M  in line with forecasts,(marketscreener.com) unaudited                              ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-AIRWELL-125185219/news/Q1-2024-revenue-12-0M-in-line-with-forecasts-46723229/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20240514,"Air heat pumps (+109.2%)  which together accounted for 60% of sales in Q1 2024. Airwell thus continues to gain significant market share in its domestic market. Note that revenue in France also includes a €0.7m+29.2% vs. Q1 2023. This performance was driven by sales of Air-Water heat pumps  up +13.4%  and Air-Airwell has reported revenue of €12.0m in Q1 2024  down -15.4% in line with expectations at the start of the year(see press release of 23 April 2024). The Group faced a very high basis for comparison in this quarter  particularly for International  which enjoyed a very strong start in 2023 financial year (+60.4%).the publication of its 2023 annual results  and consistent with the business plan for the 2024 financial year. The Group expects to gradually improve this trend over the coming quarters  with a clear acceleration expected in H2  enabling it to target double-digit growth for the 2024 financial year.The Airwell Group (Euronext Growth  ALAIR)  creator of intelligent energy ecosystems  has reported Q1 2024 revenue of €12.0m  in line with the level announced by the Company withPress release  14 May 2024  6pmRevenue in the French overseas departments and territories (DOM-TOM) came to €0.4m  down -68.4%vs. the same period last year  as a result of ad hoc destocking by a number of partners  while sales in Guadeloupe are still in the recovery phase following Airwell's direct takeover of sales initiatives. A similartrend is expected for the next quarter  before a rebound in the second half of the year.For its part  International generated revenue of €2.9m  down -50.4% vs. Q1 2023. This export trend  which is not representative of the year's overall expected performance  can be explained by ad hocinventory adjustments with certain distributors  and by the current lengthening of international shipping times.Q1 2024 sales consisted of 90% for the residential market and 10% for the commercial market  which grew over the quarter  buoyed by demand for Air-Air heat pumps and high-power heat pumps for hotels  particularly in Africa.Targeted double-digit growth in revenue confirmed for 2024Airwell expects to see a gradual improvement in its business momentum  with a return to growth by Q2 and a clear acceleration expected in the second half of the year under the impetus of ongoing gains in market share in France  and the expected rebound in sales in French overseas departments and territories and internationally.In France  2024 will be marked by the launch of new offerings  including a service solution for smart  connected homes (""Ma Maison Hybride"")  and an energy renovation financing offer for the residential sector. Airwell Industrie will also be contributing with the continued progress of its first contract with Synerpod to implement large-scale renovation for collective and social housing (400 houses to be renovated).Overall  the Group is aiming for double-digit revenue growth in 2024 compared with 2023  representing a further step towards its reiterated objective of revenue in excess of €100m by 2025.Next publication: H1 2024 revenue on 16 July 2024  after market closeABOUT AIRWELLFounded in 1947 in France  Airwell is France's leading designer of heat pumps in the field of climatic and thermal engineering. A major operator  the French pioneer in heat pumps and then the leading European manufacturer in the 1970s  Airwell became Groupe Airwell in 2021. In a market driven by the energy transition  the company aims to become a reference in Europe  and a key player in climate and thermal solutions based on needs and uses on a global level  with a presence in 80 countries. The French developer of climatic and thermal solutions continued to develop in an effort to optimise the energy consumption of its products  protect natural resources and capture solar energy  thereby significantly reducing its customers' environmental footprints. Based in Montigny-le-Bretonneux ((78)  a municipality in Greater Paris)  Groupe Airwell has more than 100 employees. In March 2023  the Group became a member of the Communauté du Coq Vert run by Bpi France and ADEME (French Agency for Ecological Transition).Compartment: Euronext Growth® Paris;Ticker: ALAIRwww.groupe-airwell.com",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.64,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['Q1 2024 revenue', 'line', 'forecasts', 'Communauté du Coq Vert', 'energy renovation financing offer', 'smart, connected homes', 'Ma Maison Hybride', ""customers' environmental footprints"", 'intelligent energy ecosystems', 'leading European manufacturer', 'French overseas departments', 'Air heat pumps', 'Air-Water heat pumps', 'high-power heat pumps', 'ad hoc destocking', 'international shipping times', 'significant market share', 'Euronext Growth® Paris', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'The Airwell Group', 'large-scale renovation', 'energy transition', 'energy consumption', 'solar energy', 'double-digit growth', 'leading designer', 'Greater Paris', 'French pioneer', 'French developer', 'French Agency', 'The Group', 'domestic market', 'press release', 'high basis', '2023 annual results', 'business plan', 'coming quarters', 'clear acceleration', 'same period', 'recovery phase', 'direct takeover', 'second half', 'inventory adjustments', 'current lengthening', 'residential market', 'commercial market', 'gradual improvement', 'business momentum', 'ongoing gains', 'new offerings', 'service solution', 'residential sector', 'continued progress', 'first contract', 'social housing', 'market close', 'thermal engineering', 'major operator', 'key player', 'thermal solutions', 'natural resources', 'Ecological Transition', 'strong start', 'Next publication', 'global level', 'H1 2024 revenue', '2023 financial year', '2024 financial year', 'Airwell Industrie', 'sales initiatives', 'next quarter', 'export trend', 'Bpi France', 'Groupe Airwell', 'Q1 2024 revenue', 'Q1 2024 sales', 'performance', 'line', 'expectations', '23 April', 'comparison', 'ALAIR', 'creator', 'Company', '14 May', 'territories', 'DOM-TOM', 'number', 'partners', 'Guadeloupe', 'rebound', 'overall', 'distributors', 'demand', 'hotels', 'Africa', 'return', 'Q2', 'impetus', 'launch', 'Synerpod', 'collective', '400 houses', 'step', 'objective', 'excess', '16 July', 'field', 'climatic', '1970s', 'reference', 'climate', 'needs', 'presence', '80 countries', 'effort', 'products', 'Bretonneux', 'municipality', '100 employees', 'March', 'member', 'ADEME', 'Compartment', 'Ticker']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40928,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/NANOBIOTIX-Announces-US-FDA-Protocol-Acceptance-for-New-Randomized-Phase-2-Study-Evaluating-NBTXR3-f-46722947/,NANOBIOTIX Announces US FDA Protocol Acceptance for New Randomized Phase 2 Study Evaluating NBTXR3 for Patients with Stage Three Lung Cancer,(marketscreener.com) PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 14  2024 -- NANOBIOTIX   a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer and other major diseases …,PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 14  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer and other major diseases  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“US FDA”) issued a Study May Proceed Letter for a randomized Phase 2 study evaluating NBTXR3 for the treatment of patients with stage 3  unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”). An IND to support this trial was submitted by the global trial sponsor  Johnson & Johnson Enterprise Innovation Inc.  a Johnson & Johnson company.“The NBTXR3 collaboration established by our global licensing agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV continues to make progress toward our goal of reaching millions of patients with cancer around the world. The US FDA acceptance of the protocol for this new Phase 2 study has the potential to expand the NBTXR3 development pipeline to a new indication where innovation could potentially provide important outcomes ” said Louis Kayitalire  MD  chief medical officer at Nanobiotix. “We look forward to continuing to prepare for the launch of the study.”About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. Its proof-of-concept was achieved in soft tissue sarcomas for which the product received a European CE mark in 2019. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 is being evaluated across multiple solid tumor indications as a single agent or in combination with anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors  including in NANORAY-312—a global  randomized Phase 3 study in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell cancers. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a collaboration strategy to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2023  Nanobiotix announced a license agreement for the global co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 25 patent families associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.DisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects”  “intends”  “can”  “could”  “may”  “might”  “plan”  “potential”  “should” and “will” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2024 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s 2023 universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 24  2024  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR – Ulysse CommunicationLaurent Wormser+ 33 (0)6 13 12 04 04lwormser@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsKevin Gardner+1 (617) 283-2856kgardner@lifesciadvisors.comAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.06,positive,0.73,0.24,0.03,True,English,"['US FDA Protocol Acceptance', 'New Randomized Phase 2 Study', 'Stage Three Lung Cancer', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'NBTXR3', 'Patients', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', 'unresectable non-small cell lung cancer', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'neck squamous cell cancers', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'significant tumor cell death', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'multiple solid tumor indications', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'The US FDA acceptance', 'global, randomized Phase 3 study', 'adaptive immune response', 'nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches', 'other major diseases', 'U.S. Food', 'Janssen Pharmaceutica NV', 'chief medical officer', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'soft tissue sarcomas', 'European CE mark', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'safe harbor” provisions', 'global licensing agreement', 'New York City', 'randomized Phase 2 study', 'global trial sponsor', 'Enterprise Innovation Inc.', 'United States Food', 'priority development pathways', 'new Phase 2 study', 'The NBTXR3 collaboration', 'class oncology product', 'NBTXR3 development pipeline', 'global co', 'collaboration strategy', 'therapeutic combinations', 'The Company', 'new indication', 'several Phase 1', 'Phase 2 studies', 'The University', 'tumor types', 'license agreement', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Drug Administration', 'Proceed Letter', 'important outcomes', 'Louis Kayitalire', 'product candidate', 'physical mechanism', 'single agent', 'advanced head', 'radiation therapy', 'advanced HNSCC', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'same population', 'focus areas', 'human life', '25 patent families', 'press release', 'financial resources', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'forward-looking” statements', 'looking statements', 'Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3', 'physical MoA', 'scalable potential', 'treatment outcomes', 'Johnson company', 'treatment possibilities', 'Euronext Paris', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'patients', 'NSCLC', 'progress', 'goal', 'millions', 'world', 'protocol', 'launch', 'proof', 'concept', 'action', 'NANORAY-3', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'parallel', 'commercialization', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'boundaries', 'France', 'December', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'period', 'operations', 'Words', 'expects', 'plan', 'will', 'management', 'assumptions', '2019']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40929,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERRARI-N-V-25600249/news/Ferrari-Pricing-of-Issue-of-Notes-46721449/,Ferrari Pricing of Issue of Notes,(marketscreener.com) Maranello   14 May 2024 – Ferrari N.V. today announces the pricing of a Euro 500 million issue of notes due in May 2030   being well over two times oversubscribed. The issue price of the Notes is equal to 99.677% of their principal amount…,Maranello (Italy)  14 May 2024 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (the “Issuer”) today announces the pricing of a Euro 500 million issue of notes due in May 2030 (the “Notes”)  being well over two times oversubscribed. The issue price of the Notes is equal to 99.677% of their principal amount and the Notes have a fixed annual coupon of 3.625%. The proceeds of the issue will be used for general corporate purposes.Banco Santander S.A.  BNP Paribas  Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  Crédit Agricole Corporate & Investment Bank  J.P. Morgan SE  Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.  and UniCredit Bank GmbH acted as Joint Lead Managers to the issue of the Notes.Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. Settlement and issue of the Notes are expected to occur on 21 May 2024.For further information:Media Relationstel.: +39 0536 949337Email: media@ferrari.comAbout FerrariFerrari is among the world’s leading luxury brands focused on the design  engineering  production and sale of the world’s most recognizable luxury performance sports cars. Ferrari brand symbolizes exclusivity  innovation  state-of-the-art sporting performance and Italian design. Its history and the image enjoyed by its cars are closely associated with its Formula 1 racing team  Scuderia Ferrari  the most successful team in Formula 1 history. From the inaugural year of Formula 1 World Championship in 1950 through the present  Scuderia Ferrari has won 244 Grand Prix races  16 Constructors’ World titles and 15 Drivers’ World titles. Ferrari designs  engineers and produces its cars in Maranello  Italy  and sells them in over 60 markets worldwide.DisclaimerThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offerto buy the Notes or any other securities  and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Uniteci States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended)  and may not be offered  sold  tendered  bought or delivered within the Uniteci States orto or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.This press release is directed only (i) at persons who are outside the United Kingdom  (ii) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended or (iii) at persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) (‘high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.’) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (all such persons together being referred to as ’relevant persons‘). This press release must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment activity to which this press release relates is reserved for relevant persons only and may only be engaged in by relevant persons.This announcement is an advertisement and is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Notes will be issued under a prospectus. The final form prospectus will be prepared and made available to the public in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The final form prospectus  when published  will be available at https://corporate.ferrari.com/en/investors/bond-info.Relevant stabilisation regulations including Financial Conduct Authority/ICMA apply.MiFID II professionals/ECPs-only/No PRIIPs KIDManufacturer target market (MIFID II product governance and UK MiFIR product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as not the Notes are not available to retail investors in either the EEA or the UK.This press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the Group’s current expectations and projections about future events and  by their nature  are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in such statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: volatility and deterioration of capital and financial markets  changes in commodity prices  changes in general economic conditions  economic growth and other changes in business conditions  macro events  pandemics and conflicts  weather  floods  earthquakes or other natural disasters  changes in government regulation (in each case  in Italy or abroad)  production difficulties  including capacity and supply constraints and many other risks and uncertainties  most of which are outside of the Group’s control.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.11,0.3,0.59,True,English,"['Ferrari Pricing', 'Issue', 'Notes', 'Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.', 'Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG', 'No PRIIPs key information document', 'recognizable luxury performance sports cars', 'Banco Santander S.A.', 'J.P. Morgan SE', 'high net worth companies', 'Crédit Agricole Corporate', 'MIFID II product governance', 'UK MiFIR product governance', 'Uniteci States Securities Act', 'leading luxury brands', 'art sporting performance', 'No PRIIPs KID', 'MiFID II professionals', 'U.S. persons', 'fixed annual coupon', 'Joint Lead Managers', '244 Grand Prix races', 'UniCredit Bank GmbH', 'Manufacturer target market', 'other natural disasters', '16 Constructors’ World titles', '15 Drivers’ World titles', 'Relevant stabilisation regulations', 'Formula 1 racing team', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'general corporate purposes', 'final form prospectus', 'general economic conditions', 'many other risks', 'Formula 1 World Championship', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'Euro 500 million issue', 'other securities', 'Markets Act', 'corporate.ferrari', 'financial markets', 'Investment Bank', 'regulated market', 'successful team', 'investment professionals', 'inherent risks', 'economic growth', 'business conditions', 'Formula 1 history', 'Financial Services', 'Financial Promotion', 'principal amount', 'BNP Paribas', 'Official List', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Media Relations', 'inaugural year', 'press release', 'applicable exemption', 'United Kingdom', 'unincorporated associations', 'investment activity', 'eligible counterparties', 'professional clients', 'distribution channels', 'current expectations', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'commodity prices', 'supply constraints', 'relevant persons', 'Ferrari brand', 'Scuderia Ferrari', 'Ferrari designs', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'other changes', 'government regulation', 'macro events', 'issue price', 'Italian design', 'registration requirements', 'retail investors', 'production difficulties', 'looking statements', 'The Notes', 'future events', '60 markets', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'Issuer', 'pricing', 'May', 'proceeds', 'Mediobanca', 'Application', 'Settlement', 'tel', 'Email', 'engineering', 'sale', 'exclusivity', 'innovation', 'image', 'present', 'engineers', 'Disclaimer', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction', 'account', 'benefit', 'Article', 'Order', 'announcement', 'advertisement', 'public', 'accordance', 'ICMA', 'EEA', 'forward', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'volatility', 'deterioration', 'capital', 'pandemics', 'conflicts', 'weather', 'floods', 'earthquakes', 'case', 'capacity', 'control', '99.']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40930,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAZIVA-142127852/news/VAZIVA-SA-ROBUST-BUSINESS-GROWTH-IN-2023-SALES-UP-91-A-YEAR-OF-INVESTMENTS-TO-SUPPORT-GROWTH-46719838/,VAZIVA SA: ROBUST BUSINESS GROWTH IN 2023 - SALES UP 91% - A YEAR OF INVESTMENTS TO SUPPORT GROWTH,(marketscreener.com) VAZIVA SAVAZIVA SA: ROBUST BUSINESS GROWTH IN 2023 - SALES UP 91% - A YEAR OF INVESTMENTS TO SUPPORT GROWTH 14-May-2024 / 16:15 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely…,"ROBUST BUSINESS GROWTH IN 2023SALES UP 91%A YEAR OF INVESTMENTS TO SUPPORT GROWTHParis  April 29  2024-17:45 - Vaziva (ISIN code FR0014007T10)  a pioneer in the dematerialization of employee benefits  today published its full-year results for 2023  approved by the Board of Directors on April 26  2024.in K€ Audited metrics 31.12.23 31.12.22 Variation SALES 27 143* 14 188 +91% GROSS MARGIN 5 601 4 324 +30% EBITDA 669 263 +154% OPERATING INCOME 327 91 +262% NET PROFIT 320 204 +57%*compared with 25.6 million euros mentioned in the 2023 sales press release  published on January 30  2024. The difference is explained by the inclusion of key account orders at the end of 2023.In 2023  Vaziva posted solid results  marked by strong sales growth and continued profitability. This good performance was driven in particular by the growing share of key account customers  a strategic development focus for the first publicly-listed social fintech.Sustained business growthIn 2023  Vaziva recorded sales of €27 143 K  a sustained 91% increase over the previous period. Throughout the year  Vaziva intensified its sales and marketing strategy in order to grow and further develop the retention of its customer portfolio. In this regard  the fintech relied in part on an agile digital strategy  demonstrating the adaptability of its offering to the needs and issues of the companies it supports. Vaziva has also stepped up its sales canvassing  with a strengthened team comprising a Senior Sales Director and 10 additional sales representatives deployed in the main French cities. All these actions have enabled the employee benefits fintech to considerably increase its share of key account customers  which now account for 43% of its sales  compared with 25% in 2022.Ongoing profitabilityIn a climate of structuring marked by a 33% increase in payroll costs and a strong foothold at trade shows all over the country  EBITDA came to €669 K up 154%. Fiscal 2023 was also marked by a one-off increase in certain external expenses  including those linked to the company's transfer to Euronext Growth.After depreciation  amortization and provisions of €344 K operating income came to €327 K  a significant increase of 262%. This performance  which confirms the solidity of the fintech's business model  is the fruit of efficient operational management and expansion of the customer portfolio.Net income amounted to €318 K.A solid balance sheetIn 2023  Vaziva began repaying the loan granted by BPI France and the one taken out with Banque Postale. At December 31  2023  bank debt stood at €1 392 K  down 52 K€ on December 31  2022. Cash and cash equivalents stood at €2 590 K  compared with €425 K at December 31  2022. Cash and cash equivalents came to €2 600 K.Shareholders' equity stood at € 17 339 K at December 31  2023  compared with € 17 019 K at the end of December 2022.Positive outlook2023 was a pivotal year for Vaziva  on several fronts: the development of strategic recruitment  the enhancement of its regional and national presence  the strengthening of communications and the enrichment of its offering with the introduction of ""Vaziva4all"" and the 1-year gift card in Q4. All these key developments give the fintech the confidence it needs to continue growing in 2024 and beyond.Positioned in the booming market for dematerialized social endowments  Vaziva is well placed to benefit from the opportunities offered by this business sector  estimated at over €18 billion a year (1).The recent transfer to Euronext Growth in March 2024 will also enable Vaziva to consolidate its reputation and conquer new European territories. The Company is currently preparing to roll out its offering on the Iberian Peninsula  with an opening in Spain scheduled for the second half of 2024.Next release: Half-year sales 2024: Wednesday  July 24  2024  after trading day.About VazivaVaziva is the new-generation issuer of employee benefits (vacations  gifts  lunches) on the 1st Mastercard® multi-benefits smart payment card managed for Staff councils  Human Resources (HR)  companies and public bodies. This card can be used on the international Mastercard® network. The Vaziva Mastercard® incorporates artificial intelligence [AI] that organizes the management of social benefits according to the motives for employee spending.FOLLOW VAZIVA ON SOCIAL NETWORKSFacebookInstagramLinkedInTwitterCONTACTS",neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['ROBUST BUSINESS GROWTH', 'VAZIVA SA', 'SALES', 'YEAR', 'INVESTMENTS', 'SUPPORT', '1st Mastercard® multi-benefits smart payment card', 'international Mastercard® network', '1-year gift card', 'main French cities', 'new European territories', 'key account orders', 'key account customers', 'agile digital strategy', 'solid balance sheet', 'dematerialized social endowments', 'efficient operational management', 'Senior Sales Director', '10 additional sales representatives', 'The Vaziva Mastercard®', 'strategic development focus', 'ROBUST BUSINESS GROWTH', '2023 sales press release', '344 K operating income', 'strong sales growth', 'employee benefits fintech', 'key developments', 'solid results', 'marketing strategy', 'strong foothold', 'strategic recruitment', 'Next release', 'social benefits', 'Net income', 'business model', 'business sector', 'employee spending', 'SOCIAL NETWORKS', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'full-year results', 'GROSS MARGIN', 'NET PROFIT', '25.6 million euros', 'continued profitability', 'previous period', 'customer portfolio', 'Ongoing profitability', 'payroll costs', 'trade shows', 'external expenses', 'BPI France', 'Banque Postale', 'bank debt', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'Positive outlook', 'several fronts', 'national presence', 'booming market', 'The Company', 'Iberian Peninsula', 'second half', 'trading day', 'new-generation issuer', 'Staff councils', 'Human Resources', 'public bodies', 'artificial intelligence', 'sales canvassing', 'Half-year sales', 'social fintech', 'good performance', 'growing share', 'one-off increase', 'significant increase', 'cash equivalents', 'recent transfer', 'pivotal year', 'FOLLOW VAZIVA', 'K€', '91% increase', '33% increase', 'INVESTMENTS', 'SUPPORT', 'Paris', 'April', 'pioneer', 'dematerialization', 'Board', 'Directors', 'metrics', 'Variation', 'EBITDA', 'January', 'difference', 'inclusion', 'retention', 'regard', 'part', 'adaptability', 'offering', 'needs', 'issues', 'companies', 'team', 'actions', 'climate', 'structuring', 'country', 'Fiscal', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'solidity', 'fruit', 'expansion', 'loan', 'December', 'enhancement', 'regional', 'strengthening', 'communications', 'enrichment', 'introduction', 'Vaziva4all', 'Q4.', 'confidence', 'opportunities', 'March 2024', 'reputation', 'opening', 'Spain', 'Wednesday', 'July', 'vacations', 'gifts', 'lunches', 'HR', 'motives', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'CONTACTS', '019']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40931,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-partners-with-Visa-to-launch-virtual-card-issuing-solution-for-Online-Travel-Agencies-46714160/,Worldline : partners with Visa to launch virtual card issuing solution for Online Travel Agencies,(marketscreener.com)  The OTA market is rapidly growing and demand for innovative payment solutions is surging. Industry analysts expect Travel and Tourism will generate 76% of all revenues from online sales by 2028 while the entire travel industry is expect…,"The OTA market is rapidly growing and demand for innovative payment solutions is surging. Industry analysts expect Travel and Tourism will generate 76% of all revenues from online sales by 2028 (Statista) while the entire travel industry is expected to reach USD 1.74 trillion in volume by 2026 ( PhocusWright data ). OTAs currently representing 40% of the global travel market(Pata: 3)  are poised to play an increasingly influential role across all sectors  including airlines  hotels  packaged tours  rail  and cruises. For OTAs  virtual cards play an integral part in streamlining operational procedures and this new partnership enables the OTAs to further optimise their business.By choosing Visa as its international scheme partner  Worldline will provide OTAs with access to a dedicated B2B virtual card programme and enable them to pay their suppliers more quickly and securely. With both parties making a significant investment into this partnership  the opportunity to substantially enhance the payments infrastructure of the online travel sector is clear.The partnership connects Worldline's Merchant Services Acceptance capabilities with its innovative Financial Services Card issuing platform. The offering  with joint acceptance and issuing  further supports OTAs in the management and optimisation of cash flows while reducing operational frictions. Worldline's experience and deep understanding of the online travel sector will enable it to develop a market-leading solution that bridges the gap between acceptance and issuing.Guillaume Tournand  VP of Growth at Worldline Merchant Services  said: ""We are delighted to announce this significant partnership with Visa  a global influential and respected brand. It will transform the way online travel agencies handle payments by offering a unified solution that combines payment performance and cost effectiveness. By leveraging our strong travel footprint  this initiative unlocks significant market expansion for Worldline  propelling us as the leading payment solution for travel agencies and driving sustainable revenue growth.""Ed Chandler  Senior Vice President  Visa Commercial and Money Movement Solutions  also comments: ""At Visa  we obsess about working with partners to deliver innovative  secure and reliable payment solutions. We are excited to partner with Worldline  to streamline  unify and enhance how online travel agencies are paid and pay their suppliers seamlessly.""Worldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey - quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.6 billion euros revenue in 2023. worldline.com",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.67,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['virtual card issuing solution', 'Online Travel Agencies', 'Worldline', 'partners', 'Visa', 'innovative Financial Services Card issuing platform', 'dedicated B2B virtual card programme', 'Merchant Services Acceptance capabilities', 'Worldline Merchant Services', 'international scheme partner', 'Senior Vice President', '4.6 billion euros revenue', 'innovative payment solutions', 'strong travel footprint', 'Money Movement Solutions', 'online travel sector', 'reliable payment solutions', 'entire travel industry', 'online travel agencies', 'leading payment solution', 'significant market expansion', 'advanced payments technology', 'one million businesses', 'global travel market', 'sustainable revenue growth', 'innovative, secure', 'virtual cards', 'online sales', 'payment performance', 'OTA market', 'Industry analysts', 'global influential', 'significant investment', 'joint acceptance', 'market-leading solution', 'unified solution', 'PhocusWright data', 'influential role', 'integral part', 'operational procedures', 'payments infrastructure', 'cash flows', 'operational frictions', 'deep understanding', 'Guillaume Tournand', 'respected brand', 'cost effectiveness', 'Ed Chandler', 'local expertise', 'significant partnership', 'growth journey', 'new partnership', 'Visa Commercial', 'The', 'demand', 'Tourism', 'revenues', 'Statista', 'volume', 'OTAs', 'Pata', 'sectors', 'airlines', 'hotels', 'tours', 'rail', 'cruises', 'access', 'suppliers', 'parties', 'opportunity', 'offering', 'management', 'optimisation', 'experience', 'gap', 'VP', 'way', 'initiative', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'shapes', 'sizes', 'hundreds', 'markets', 'industries']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40932,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPAGNIE-DU-BOIS-SAUVAGE-5938/news/Cie-du-Bois-Sauvage-Buy-back-of-own-shares-week-from-06-05-2024-to-10-05-2024-46714054/,Cie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares – week from 06/05/2024 to 10/05/2024,(marketscreener.com)      PRESS RELEASE     Brussels  14 May 2024  08:30 AM       Regulated information         ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPAGNIE-DU-BOIS-SAUVAGE-5938/news/Cie-du-Bois-Sauvage-Buy-back-of-own-sha…,PRESS RELEASE Brussels  14 May 2024  08:30 AM Regulated informationwww.bois-sauvage.beCie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares - week from 06/05/2024 to10/05/2024.Implementation of authorization of the extraordinary general meeting of April 28  2021Disclosure of trading in own shares from 06/05/2024 to 10/05/2024:Date of Number of shares Average price (€) Highest price (€) Lowest price (€) Total gross transaction purchased amount (€) 06-05-24 190 263 2632 264 0000 262 0000 50.020 00 07-05-24 192 263 0000 263 0000 263 0000 50.496 00 08-05-24 223 265 7758 267 0000 265 0000 59.268 00 09-05-24 235 265 1404 266 0000 263 0000 62.308 00 10-05-24 238 262 6261 264 0000 261 0000 62.505 01 Total 1.078 264 0046 284.597 01Pursuant to Article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019  implementing the Code on companies and associations  Compagnie du Bois Sauvage announces having dealt the following share buy-back transactions on the regulated NYSE Euronext Market Brussels. On 10/05/2024  the number of shares bought back since October 2  2023 amounted to 21 850 (1 3 % of the total number of shares) for a total amount of € 5 696 609 01. The history of the realized transactions is available on www.bois-sauvage.be (in the French or Dutch section «Informations financières» - «Rachat d'actions propres»).,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Cie du Bois Sauvage', 'shares', 'week', 'following share buy-back transactions', 'NYSE Euronext Market Brussels', 'Cie du Bois Sauvage', 'Compagnie du Bois Sauvage', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Informations financières', 'Total gross transaction', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated information', 'Average price', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Royal Decree', 'Dutch section', 'total amount', 'total number', 'May', 'shares', 'week', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Disclosure', 'trading', '06/05', 'Date', 'Article', 'Code', 'companies', 'associations', '10/05', 'October', 'history', 'www', 'French', 'Rachat', '08:30']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40933,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881038/0/en/Riber-Order-for-a-new-MBE-research-machine-in-the-United-States.html,Riber: Order for a new MBE research machine in the United States,Order for a new MBE research machine in the United States   Bezons (France)  May 14  2024 - 8:00 am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular...,Order for a new MBE research machine in the United StatesBezons (France)  May 14  2024 - 8:00 am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing an order for a MBE 32 research system in the United States.Bolingbrook  Illinois-based EPIR Inc. has ordered its second MBE 32 MCT machine to further strengthen its capacity for the development and production of advanced materials. This order comes just two months after RIBER delivered a first MBE 32 MCT system to EPIR Inc.EPIR Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sivananthan Laboratories Inc. and a fast-growing  privately-owned high-tech company specialising in the development of advanced HgCdTe (mercury cadmium telluride - MCT) semiconductors  used primarily in high-performance infrared detection and imaging devices  particularly in the defence sector.Since 1997  EPIR Inc. has been involved in research into HgCdTe materials and related technologies. Thanks to its world-renowned expertise  EPIR Inc. has been able to develop a customized material growth technology  made possible by RIBER's MBE 32 MCT machines. Its epitaxy process  renowned for its complexity and requiring a high degree of stability  requires the use of identical machines to ensure consistent development of production capacity. EPIR Inc. decision to acquire a second MBE 32 MCT system is a significant endorsement of the quality and reliability of this machine  which will further enhance the company's ability to respond to market growth.The MBE 32 range has been in existence for 40 years  with several hundred systems installed worldwide. Among the wide range of materials that can be processed  the epitaxial growth of mercury-containing compounds represents one of the most complex challenges in terms of MBE thin-film deposition. RIBER's MBE 32 excels in this field.The order will be delivered in 2025.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunication networks and research including the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER: Annie Geoffroy| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS: Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['new MBE research machine', 'United States', 'Riber', 'Order', 'growing, privately-owned high-tech company', 'customized material growth technology', 'BPI France-approved innovative company', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'first MBE 32 MCT system', 'second MBE 32 MCT system', 'second MBE 32 MCT machine', 'new MBE research machine', 'mercury cadmium telluride', 'high-performance infrared detection', 'several hundred systems', '5G telecommunication networks', 'MBE thin-film deposition', 'MBE 32 research system', 'MBE 32 MCT machines', 'Molecular Beam Epitaxy', 'Sivananthan Laboratories Inc.', 'The MBE 32 range', 'global market leader', 'Illinois-based EPIR Inc.', 'EPIR Inc. decision', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'market growth', 'MCT) semiconductors', 'global leader', 'epitaxial growth', 'epitaxy process', 'identical machines', 'wide range', 'semiconductor industry', 'advanced HgCdTe', 'MBE) equipment', 'United States', 'advanced materials', 'imaging devices', 'defence sector', 'related technologies', 'world-renowned expertise', 'high degree', 'significant endorsement', 'mercury-containing compounds', 'complex challenges', 'technical support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'numerous applications', 'information technologies', 'quantum computing', 'Annie Geoffroy', 'HgCdTe materials', 'Cyril Combe', 'consistent development', 'production capacity', 'Order', 'Bezons', 'May', 'CET', 'RIBER', 'Bolingbrook', 'subsidiary', 'complexity', 'stability', 'use', 'quality', 'reliability', 'existence', '40 years', 'terms', 'excels', 'field', 'scientific', 'clients', 'hardware', 'software', 'electronics', 'photonics', 'lasers', 'sensors', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment', '8:00', '1']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40934,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TINEXTA-S-P-A-16860993/news/Tinexta-cresce-il-primo-trimestre-2024-e-viene-confermata-la-guidance-46718173/,Tinexta: cresce il primo trimestre 2024 e viene confermata la guidance,(marketscreener.com)   13/5/2024    Tinexta: growth in the first quarter of 2024  guidance confirmed    Board of Directors approves results as at 31 March 2024     Download     RESULTS 1Q 2024    ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote…,"RESULTS 1Q 2024Revenues: €98.4 million +14%EBITDA Adjusted: €15.4 million +3%EBITDA: €8.6 million -36%Adjusted Operating Profit: €8.1 million -20%Net Profit/Loss: €-2.0 millionAdjusted Net Profit from continuing operations: €5.8 million -15%Adjusted Free Cash Flow from continuing operations: €27.2 million (€61.4 million in the last 12 months as at 31 March 2024)Net financial debt: €240.11 million (€102.0 million as at 31 December 2023)GUIDANCE CONFIRMED2024Consolidated revenues: +21%-23% vs. 2023 (+7% on a like-for-like basis)Adjusted EBITDA: +28%-32% vs. 2023 (+10% on a like-for-like basis)The debt ratio (NFP/Adjusted EBITDA)  considering only the acquisitions completed as at 31 March 2024  is expected to be between 1.7x and 1.9x at the end of 2024The launch of the Treasury Shares buyback and disposal program has been approved in accordance with the authorization of the Shareholders' Meeting on 23 April 2024.14 May 2024 - The Board of Directors of Tinexta S.p.A.  a leading provider of Digital Trust  Cybersecurity and Business Innovation services  listed in the Euronext Star Milan segment  organised and managed by Borsa Italiana  which met today under the chairmanship of Mr Salza  approved the Interim Report on Operations as at 31 March 2024. In the first quarter  Revenues amounted to €98.4 million (+14.4%)  Adjusted EBITDA to €15.4 million (+2.7%) and adjusted net profit from continuing operations was €5.8 million (-15.4%).The Chairman Enrico Salza stated: ""The Tinexta Group continues to pursue its own growth path  organically and through the acquisition of specialised companies  remaining faithful to its business plan  which is based on a solid balance sheet"".The Chief Executive OfficerPier Andrea Chevallard commented: ""All the Group's business units have positively contributed to the results for the first quarter  supporting a double-digit revenues growth. In particular  the growth in the first quarter of 2024 was driven by the increased offering of technological services related to Digital Trust and Cybersecurity  with the aim of improving the safety of the infrastructures of companies and public institutions. Regarding the Business Innovation BU  performance was strongly influenced by an increasingly pronounced seasonality in favour of the second part of the year  when companies are expected to accelerate investments in innovation. We confirm the year-end objectives already announced to the market.""",neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,positive,0.66,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['primo trimestre', 'Tinexta', 'guidance', 'Chief Executive OfficerPier Andrea Chevallard', 'Euronext Star Milan segment', 'Tinexta S.p.A.', 'Free Cash Flow', 'Treasury Shares buyback', 'solid balance sheet', 'The Tinexta Group', 'Business Innovation BU', 'Net financial debt', 'Business Innovation services', 'double-digit revenues growth', 'debt ratio', 'business plan', 'business units', 'technological services', 'Net Profit/Loss', 'Operating Profit', 'last 12 months', 'disposal program', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'leading provider', 'Digital Trust', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Mr Salza', 'Interim Report', 'first quarter', 'Enrico Salza', 'growth path', 'public institutions', 'second part', 'year-end objectives', 'continuing operations', 'Consolidated revenues', 'RESULTS 1Q', 'specialised companies', 'NFP/Adjusted EBITDA', '31 March', '31 December', 'GUIDANCE', 'CONFIRMED', 'basis', 'acquisitions', 'launch', 'accordance', 'authorization', '23 April', '14 May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Cybersecurity', 'chairmanship', 'offering', 'aim', 'safety', 'infrastructures', 'performance', 'seasonality', 'favour', 'investments', 'market']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40935,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/france-stocks-higher-at-close-of-trade-cac-40-up-020-3439937,France stocks higher at close of trade; CAC 40 up 0.20% By Investing.com,France stocks higher at close of trade; CAC 40 up 0.20%,Investing.com – France stocks were higher after the close on Tuesday  as gains in the   and sectors led shares higher.At the close in Paris  the gained 0.20% to hit a new all time high  while the index gained 1.06%.The best performers of the session on the were Societe Generale SA (EPA: )  which rose 3.79% or 1.00 points to trade at 27.26 at the close. Meanwhile  Veolia Environnement VE SA (EPA: ) added 2.13% or 0.62 points to end at 29.66 and Stellantis NV (EPA: ) was up 2.12% or 0.45 points to 21.47 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Sanofi SA (EPA: )  which fell 1.10% or 1.02 points to trade at 91.69 at the close. Publicis Groupe SA (EPA: ) declined 1.07% or 1.15 points to end at 106.00 and Danone SA (EPA: ) was down 1.00% or 0.60 points to 59.40.The top performers on the SBF 120 were Eutelsat Communications SA (EPA: ) which rose 7.21% to 4.04  Valneva (EPA: ) which was up 6.89% to settle at 3.69 and Clariane SE (EPA: ) which gained 6.88% to close at 3.42.The worst performers were Euronext (EPA: ) which was down 2.54% to 84.30 in late trade  JC Decaux SA (EPA: ) which lost 1.93% to settle at 21.36 and Biomerieux SA (EPA: ) which was down 1.80% to 95.25 at the close.Rising stocks outnumbered declining ones on the Paris Stock Exchange by 285 to 218 and 98 ended unchanged.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorShares in Societe Generale SA (EPA: ) rose to 52-week highs; up 3.79% or 1.00 to 27.26.The   which measures the implied volatility of CAC 40 options  was unchanged 0.00% to 18.96 a new 52-week high.Gold Futures for June delivery was up 0.42% or 9.90 to $2 352.90 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in June fell 1.66% or 1.31 to hit $77.81 a barrel  while the July Brent oil contract fell 1.40% or 1.17 to trade at $82.19 a barrel.EUR/USD was unchanged 0.26% to 1.08  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.05% to 0.86.The US Dollar Index Futures was down 0.16% at 104.94.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.11,0.17,0.72,True,English,"['France stocks', 'close', 'trade', 'CAC', 'Investing', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'July Brent oil contract', 'Veolia Environnement VE SA', '3rd party Ad.', 'Societe Generale SA', 'Publicis Groupe SA', 'Eutelsat Communications SA', 'JC Decaux SA', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'Gold Futures', 'Crude oil', 'Sanofi SA', 'Danone SA', 'Biomerieux SA', 'Investing.com', 'France stocks', 'best performers', 'Stellantis NV', 'late trade', 'worst performers', 'top performers', 'Clariane SE', 'Rising stocks', '52-week highs', 'CAC 40 options', 'new 52-week', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'June delivery', 'close', 'Tuesday', 'gains', 'sectors', 'shares', 'session', 'EPA', '0.62 points', '1.15 points', 'SBF', 'Valneva', 'Euronext', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'implied', 'volatility', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '1.00', '0.45', '1.02']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,investing.com
40936,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ICADE-5021/news/Icade-launches-a-cash-tender-offer-for-three-existing-series-of-notes-46721165/,Icade : launches a cash tender offer for three existing series of notes,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Paris  May 14  2024  6:00 p.m.   ICADE LAUNCHES A CASH TENDER OFFER   FOR THREE EXISTING SERIES OF NOTES   Icade announces today the launch of a cash tender offer to purchase 3 existing series of Notes:  …,"PRESS RELEASEParis  May 14  2024  6:00 p.m.ICADE LAUNCHES A CASH TENDER OFFERFOR THREE EXISTING SERIES OF NOTESIcade announces today the launch of a cash tender offer to purchase 3 existing series of Notes:€500 million notes maturing on 17 November 2025  with a 1.125% coupon (ISIN: FR0013218393) of which €500 million are currently outstanding;€750 million notes maturing on 10 June 2026  with a 1.75% coupon (ISIN: FR0013181906) of which €750 million are currently outstanding; and€600 million notes maturing on 13 September 2027  with a 1.5% coupon (ISIN: FR0013281755) of which €600 million are currently outstanding.Icade has announced its intention to purchase the 2025 series and 2026 series as Priority 1 and the 2027 series as Priority 2. Icade has set the indicative maximum amount of the tender at €350 million. The end of the tender offer is scheduled for 22 May 2024.HSBC Continental Europe and Société Générale are acting as bookrunners for the tender offer.As indicated at the time of the announcement of its ReShapE strategic plan in February 2024  Icade will finance the purchase of the notes with part of the proceeds received in 2023 from the first step of the disposal of the Healthcare activities  and therefore proactively manages its debt maturity profile.ABOUT ICADEIcade is a full-service real estate company with expertise in both commercial property investment (portfolio worth €6.8bn on a full consolidation basis as of 12/31/2023) and property development (2023 economic revenue of €1.3bn) that operates throughout France. Icade has forged long-term partnerships to respond to emerging trends in the industry. It has made climate issues and the preservation of biodiversity central to its business model to reinvent real estate and contribute to more sustainable cities. It is listed as a ""SIIC"" on Euronext Paris and its leading shareholder is the Caisse des Dépôts group.The text of this press release is available on the Icade website: www.icade.fr/en",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.89,0.04,True,English,"['cash tender offer', 'three existing series', 'Icade', 'notes', 'Caisse des Dépôts group', 'Société Générale', 'full-service real estate company', 'indicative maximum amount', 'HSBC Continental Europe', 'ReShapE strategic plan', 'debt maturity profile', 'full consolidation basis', 'commercial property investment', 'CASH TENDER OFFER', 'THREE EXISTING SERIES', 'property development', '3 existing series', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'first step', 'Healthcare activities', 'long-term partnerships', 'emerging trends', 'climate issues', 'business model', 'sustainable cities', 'leading shareholder', '€500 million notes', '€750 million notes', '€600 million notes', 'Euronext Paris', 'ICADE LAUNCHES', 'Icade website', '2025 series', '2026 series', '2027 series', 'May', '17 November', '1.125% coupon', 'ISIN', '10 June', '1.75% coupon', '13 September', '1.5% coupon', 'intention', 'Priority', 'bookrunners', 'time', 'announcement', 'February', 'purchase', 'proceeds', 'disposal', 'expertise', 'portfolio', 'France', 'industry', 'preservation', 'biodiversity', 'SIIC', 'text', '6:00']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40937,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROPEAN-HEALTHCARE-ACQUI-129457819/news/European-Healthcare-Acquisition-Growth-Company-B-V-convenes-its-annual-general-meeting-of-shareho-46720321/,European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. convenes its annual general meeting of shareholders and publishes the agenda thereof,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. / Key word: AGM/EGMEuropean Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. convenes its annual general meeting of shareholders and publishes the agenda t…,"EQS-News: European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. / Key word(s): AGM/EGMEuropean Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. convenes its annual general meeting of shareholders and publishes the agenda thereof (news with additional features)14.05.2024 / 17:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. convenes its annual general meeting of shareholders and publishes the agenda thereofMunich  14 May 2024Today  European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. (""EHC"")  a Dutch operators-led special purpose acquisition company listed on Euronext Amsterdam  convenes its annual general meeting of shareholders to be held on 25 June 2024 at 14:00 CEST (""AGM""). The AGM will be held at the offices of Houthoff Coöperatief U.A.  Gustav Mahlerplein 50  Amsterdam  the Netherlands. Shareholders will have the opportunity to attend the AGM via webcast. Shareholders have the option to vote by means of an electronic proxy.The items on the agenda include  amongst others  the adoption of the financial statements for the financial year 2023 and the discharge from liability of the directors.The convening notice  the agenda and explanatory notes  and the proxy form are now available on the website of EHC in the 'Investor Relations' section under 'Shareholders Meeting': www.ehc-company.com.The annual report for the financial year 2023  including the financial statements  is available on the website of EHC in the 'Investor Relations' section under 'News & Publications': www.ehc-company.com  where a downloadable version in the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) is also available.European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V.General Enquiries+49 89 896797200info@ehc-company.comMedia EnquiriesFinsbury Glover HeringKai Peter Rath+49 211 43079-209kai.rath@fgh.com",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Growth Company B.V.', 'European Healthcare Acquisition', 'annual general meeting', 'shareholders', 'agenda', 'Dutch operators-led special purpose acquisition company', 'Houthoff Coöperatief U.A.', 'Growth Company B.V.', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'European Healthcare Acquisition', 'Finsbury Glover Hering', 'annual general meeting', ""Investor Relations' section"", 'Kai Peter Rath', 'electronic proxy', 'annual report', 'General Enquiries', 'Key word', 'additional features', 'Gustav Mahlerplein', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'convening notice', 'explanatory notes', 'proxy form', 'downloadable version', 'Media Enquiries', 'Shareholders Meeting', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'EQS-News', 'AGM/EGM', 'agenda', '17:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Munich', '14 May', 'EHC', '25 June', 'offices', 'Netherlands', 'opportunity', 'webcast', 'option', 'means', 'items', 'others', 'discharge', 'liability', 'directors', 'website', 'Publications', 'ESEF', 'fgh']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40938,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions-46714763/,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – 13 May 2024 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from 6 May to 10 May 2024 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s ann…,Press ReleaseParis – 13 May 2024Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 6 May to 10 May 2024 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2024-05-06 BUY 56 9.236607 517.25 XAMS 2024-05-06 SELL 178 9.269944 1 650.05 XAMS 2024-05-08 BUY 49 9.250000 453.25 XAMS 2024-05-08 SELL 200 9.332500 1 866.50 XAMS 2024-05-09 SELL 192 9.387500 1 802.40 XAMS 2024-05-10 SELL 370 9.473514 3 505.20 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2024 results: 15 May 2024General Shareholders’ Meeting: 23 May 2024Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFL Entertainment Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay  the world’s largest independent content producer and distributor) and online sports betting & gaming (through Betclic  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  FL Entertainment recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively. FL Entertainment is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: FLE NA  Reuters: FLE.AS).Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent content producer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'global entertainment leader', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Press Relations flentertainment', 'content production', 'following transactions', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Investor Relations', 'The Group', 'Q1 2024 results', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'FLE NA', 'FLE.AS', '5-08 BUY', 'Caroline Cohen', '6 BUY', 'Paris', '13 May', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '6 May', '10 May', 'accordance', 'authorization', '15 June', 'Number', 'XAMS', '6 SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '15 May', '23 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Banijay', 'world', 'distributor', 'gaming', 'Betclic', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Attachment']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40939,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ADOCIA-9894600/news/ADOCIA-Reports-First-Quarter-2024-Financial-Results-and-Provides-a-Business-Update-46720843/,ADOCIA Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Results and Provides a Business Update,(marketscreener.com) Cash position of €10.2 million as of March 31  2024  includes proceeds from the March 2024 financing1  featuring:€2 million invested by three members of management and Vester Finance  the Company’s second-largest shareholder after th…,"Cash position of €10.2 million as of March 31  2024  includes proceeds from the March 2024 financing1  featuring: €2 million invested by three members of management and Vester Finance  the Company’s second-largest shareholder after the Soula family An equity financing line (“PACEO2”) with Vester Finance for a maximum of 1.7 million shares  the full utilization of which would extend the Company’s cash runway into Q3 2025 Continued partnership discussions with Sanofi on M1Pram and preparations for the phase 2b trial in the United StatesRegulatory News:Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of innovative therapeutic solutions for the treatment of diabetes and obesity  reports financial results for the first quarter of 2024 and provides a business update.“We continue to pursue our priority of concluding a partnership with Sanofi on M1Pram as soon as possible”  declared Olivier Soula  CEO of Adocia. “At the same time  we are pleased to have extended our cash runway  enabling us to execute our plans for our other programs in cell therapy and obesity”.First quarter 2024 financial resultsFinancial highlights for the quarter include the following:Detail of the revenueIn thousands of euros  IFRS standards (unaudited) 03/31/2024(3 months) 03/31/2023(3 months) Licensing revenues - 109 Research and collaboration agreements - 703 Revenue - 812First quarter 2023 revenues were primarily due to Adocia's work under its collaboration with Tonghua Dongbao on the BioChaperone® Combo (BC Combo) project to conduct three clinical studies in Europe. These studies  the results of which were positive  were completed in 2023 and therefore did not generate any revenue in Q1 2024.Net Cash PositionThe Company’s cash position was €10.2 million as of March 31  2024  compared with €13.0 million as of December 31  2023. This includes €3 million received in March 2024 as part of the €2 million private placement fundraising and €1 million advance on the equity financing line with Vester Finance. Cash used to fund operations during the first quarter of 2024 was €5.8 million  compared with €7.8 million in the prior-year quarter.Net debt (excluding IFRS 16 impacts) was €5.7 million as of March 31  2024  unchanged from December 31  2023. Debt consists of State-Guaranteed Loan (PGE). Under the August 2023 renegotiated repayment schedule  the next payment will be in the third quarter of 2024.The Company cash position of €10.2 million as of March 31  2024  is sufficient to finance currently planned operations through the third quarter of 2025  excluding any income from existing or future partnerships  but assuming the full utilization of the equity financing line (“PACEO”) signed in March 2024 with Vester Finance .Adocia remains in exclusive negotiations with Sanofi for a global partnership on M1Pram and is expecting two milestone payments of $10 million each that are linked to progress with its BioChaperone® Lispro and BioChaperone® Combo projects with Tonghua Dongbao.First quarter 2024 HighlightsM1PramFollowing the July 2023 agreement between Sanofi and Adocia  negotiations are continuing with the goal of structuring a global partnership.M1Pram is a fixed-dose combination of insulin and amylin analogues designed to address the unmet medical need of obesity in people with type 1 diabetes.Preparations for the phase 2b clinical program in the United States  which will enroll 140 patients with type 1 diabetes and a BMI >30kg/m²  are continuing with the finalization of production of the first clinical batch. The study is expected to begin in the third quarter of 2024.BioChaperone® in partnership with Tonghua DongbaoBioChaperone® LisproThe two phase 3 studies with BioChaperone® Lispro are progressing on schedule. Led by partner Tonghua Dongbao in China  the program is enrolling 1 500 people with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. The last patient last visit  currently expected for the second half of 2024  will trigger a payment of $10 million (out of a maximum of $30 million in future milestone payments  followed by royalties on net product sales).BioChaperone® ComboTonghua Dongbao is actively preparing the next clinical studies for BioChaperone® Combo and expects to submit the program for approval by the CDE  the Chinese regulatory authority. The treatment of the first patient in the first phase 3 study of BioChaperone® Combo  which is expected in the second half of 2024  will trigger a payment of $10 million (out of a maximum of $50 million in future milestone payments  followed by royalties on net product sales).AdoShell® IsletsThe AdoShell platform  an immunoprotective biomaterial for cell therapy  is attracting interest from potential pharmaceutical partners.The latest preclinical results were the subject of an oral presentation at the Société Francophone du Diabète (SFD) congress in March 2024 by Dr. Rosy Eloy  Chief Medical Officer of Adocia. Additional data will be presented at the 84th Scientific Sessions of the American Diabetes Association (ADA) in June 2024 in a presentation titled: ""AdoShell®  a non-fibrotic encapsulation system for human islets transplantation shows promising results for clinical application as a cure for people with type 1 diabetes"".Adocia is preparing to validate the proposed clinical development plan with regulatory authorities. AdoShell® Islets could be in clinical trials as early as 2025.AdOral®Adocia has developed a technology for the oral delivery of peptides that is expected to allow for the switch from injectable to oral form. An initial application to semaglutide (GLP-1) has validated this technology in preclinical trials.The AdOral® technology is currently being tested on peptides from two pharmaceutical partners  and encouraging results obtained to date are the basis for discussions to determine next steps in these collaborations.AdoGel®Designed for the long-acting delivery of peptides  AdoGel® is currently being tested on semaglutide (GLP-1). Preclinical results will be presented at the ADA (American Diabetes Association) Scientific Sessions in a presentation titled: ""Development of a once-a-month formulation of semaglutide from an innovative injectable and biodegradable hydrogel"".About AdociaAdocia is a biotechnology company specializing in the discovery and development of therapeutic solutions in the field of metabolic diseases  primarily diabetes and obesity.The company has a broad portfolio of drug candidates based on four proprietary technology platforms: 1) The BioChaperone® technology for the development of new generation insulins and products combining different hormones; 2) AdOral®  an oral peptide delivery technology; 3) AdoShell®  an immunoprotective biomaterial for cell transplantation  with an initial application in pancreatic cells transplantation; and 4) AdoGel®  a long-acting drug delivery platform.Adocia holds more than 25 patent families. Based in Lyon  the company has about 80 employees. Adocia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext™ Paris (Euronext: ADOC; ISIN: FR0011184241).DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Adocia and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Adocia considers as being reasonable. However  there can be no guarantee that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be achieved  as such estimates are subject to numerous risks including those set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the universal registration document that was filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers on April 29  2024  available at www.adocia.com. Those risks include uncertainties inherent in Adocia's short- or medium-term working capital requirements  in research and development  future clinical data  analyses and the evolution of economic conditions  the financial markets and the markets in which Adocia operates  which could impact the Company's short-term financing requirements and its ability to raise additional funds.The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Adocia or not considered as material by Adocia at this time. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause the actual results  financial conditions  performances  or achievements of Adocia be materially different from those mentioned in the forward-looking statements.1 See Company press release dated March 21  2024.2 PACEO: Programme d'Augmentation de Capital par Exercice d'OptionsView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240514137379/en/",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.14,0.43,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'Business Update', 'ADOCIA', 'Société Francophone du Diabète', 'last patient last visit', '€2 million private placement fundraising', 'phase 2b clinical program', 'The Company cash position', 'First quarter 2024 financial results', 'phase 2b trial', 'innovative therapeutic solutions', 'two milestone payments', 'unmet medical need', 'first clinical batch', 'potential pharmaceutical partners', 'Dr. Rosy Eloy', 'Chief Medical Officer', '84th Scientific Sessions', 'equity financing line', 'two phase 3 studies', 'net product sales', 'future milestone payments', 'Chinese regulatory authority', 'The AdoShell platform', 'latest preclinical results', 'three clinical studies', 'next clinical studies', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'first phase 3 study', 'Net Cash Position', 'First quarter 2023 revenues', 'First quarter 2024 Highlights', 'BioChaperone® Combo projects', 'first patient', 'Financial highlights', '1.7 million shares', '€1 million advance', 'future partnerships', 'three members', 'Regulatory News', 'Licensing revenues', 'AdoShell® Islets', 'prior-year quarter', 'third quarter', 'cash runway', 'Net debt', 'BC Combo', 'Vester Finance', 'largest shareholder', 'Soula family', 'full utilization', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'business update', 'Olivier Soula', 'same time', 'other programs', 'cell therapy', 'IFRS standards', 'Tonghua Dongbao', 'IFRS 16 impacts', 'State-Guaranteed Loan', 'BioChaperone® Lispro', 'July 2023 agreement', 'fixed-dose combination', 'amylin analogues', 'second half', 'immunoprotective biomaterial', 'oral presentation', 'SFD) congress', 'Additional data', 'American Diabet', 'March 2024 financing', 'next payment', 'partnership discussions', 'global partnership', 'collaboration agreements', 'repayment schedule', 'exclusive negotiations', 'type 1 diabetes', 'type 2 diabetes', 'proceeds', 'management', 'PACEO2', 'maximum', 'Q3', 'Sanofi', 'M1Pram', 'preparations', 'Adocia', 'research', 'development', 'treatment', 'obesity', 'priority', 'plans', 'Detail', 'thousands', 'euros', '703 Revenue', 'work', 'Europe', 'Q1', 'December', 'operations', 'PGE', 'August 2023', 'income', 'existing', 'progress', 'goal', 'insulin', 'people', '140 patients', 'BMI', '>30kg', 'finalization', 'production', 'China', 'royalties', 'approval', 'CDE', 'interest', 'subject']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40940,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VENTE-UNIQUE-COM-42547900/news/Vente-unique-com-Solid-growth-in-the-first-half-of-2023-2024-driven-by-strong-international-m-46712499/,Vente-unique.com :  Solid growth in the first half of 2023-2024  driven by strong international momentum,(marketscreener.com)  Press release Gross merchandise volume up 18.5% to €117.3m; Consolidated revenues up 11.4% to €90.3m; Significant growth expected in adjusted EBITDA[1] in the first half and double-digit growth target for annual gross merchandise …,"Press releaseGross merchandise volume up 18.5% to €117.3m;Consolidated revenues up 11.4% to €90.3m;Significant growth expected in adjusted EBITDA [1] in the first half and double-digit growth target for annual gross merchandise volume;Expansion of the potential market thanks to the iconic Habitat brand's revival.14 May 2024. Vente-unique.com  a European specialist in online furniture and home décor sales  today announces its unaudited revenues for the first half of its 2023-2024 financial year (from 1 October 2023 to 31 March 2024).IFRS (€000) H1 2022-2023 H1 2023-2024 Change Gross merchandise volume[2] 98 990 117 314 +18.5% Revenues 81 027 90 260 +11.4% E-commerce[3] 77 183 88 384 +14.5% Logistics[4] 3 844 1 877 -51.2%The Vente-unique.com Group had a very solid first half of 2023-2024  achieving the performance of maintaining double-digit growth in a still unfavourable household consumption environment. In line with the 18.2% growth recorded in the 2022-2023 financial year  gross merchandise volume rose sharply by 18.5% in the first half of 2023-2024 to €117.3m  confirming the success of the marketplace in Europe.Continued double-digit sales growth trajectoryVente-unique.com recorded E-commerce consolidated revenues  including commissions generated by the marketplace  of €88.4m in the first half of 2023-2024  representing half-year growth of 14.5%. Despite persistent inflation  the Group has managed to combine growth in the volume of products sold with the maintenance of a good margin level  which testifies to the attractiveness of Vente-unique.com's offering.Revenues from Logistics activities fell by 51.2%  due to the liquidation of the main external customer. Vente-unique.com has succeeded in attracting new customers in this segment  and will use its excess logistics capacity for its own needs related to the growth of its e-commerce activities  in particular the Habitat brand's revival.Strong momentum in international e-commerceIFRS (€000) H1 2022-2023 H1 2023-2024 Change E-commerce revenues[5] 77 183 88 384 +14.5% France 41 119 43 249 +5.2% Northern and Eastern Europe[6] 25 187 32 204 +27.9% Southern Europe[7] 10 877 12 930 +18.9%Over the 1st half of 2023-2024  the Vente-unique.com Group posted a remarkable performance outside France  where it generated almost 51% of its sales (+4 points compared with the 1st half of 2022-2023). Momentum is particularly strong in Northern and Eastern Europe (+27.9%)  while Southern Europe is also enjoying solid growth (+18.9%).International sales and the success of the marketplace  whose contribution grew steadily over the half-year in all the countries where it has been deployed  are thus proving to be solid growth drivers for Vente-unique.com. Following the opening of the marketplace in Portugal and the Netherlands in March 2024  customers in 8 of the 11 countries served by the Group now have access to partner offers.Lastly  France posted steady and resilient half-year growth (+5.2%)  accounting for 49% of Group sales over the period.Vente-unique.com on target for another year of profitable growthAgainst a backdrop of continuing difficulties for household consumption  Vente-unique.com is confident in its ability to deliver another year of profitable growth.The Group expects to achieve significant growth in adjusted EBITDA in the first half of 2023-2024 compared with the first half of 2022-2023 (€7.5m)  and is targeting double-digit growth in gross merchandise volume for the year (€202m in 2022-2023).Revival of the iconic Habitat brand by Vente-unique.com in summer 2024On 23 April 2024  Vente-unique.com announced the signing of a licence to operate the Habitat brand  with the aim of relaunching the iconic brand on the Internet  first in France and then in Europe.With this strategic move  the Group has considerably enhanced its ability to cover most of the furniture market  with its marketplace (entry-level)  its own brand (mass market) and the Habitat brand (affordable top-of-the range).The new Habitat.fr website is due to open in June 2024.Next publication: H1 2023-2024 results  Tuesday  18 June 2024Read more on bourse.vente-unique.comAbout Vente-unique.comCreated in 2006  Vente-unique.com (Euronext Growth - ALVU)  a subsidiary of the CAFOM Group (Euronext - CAFO)  is an expert in online revenues of furniture and home furnishings in Europe. The company covers 11 countries (France  Germany  Austria  Belgium  Spain  Italy  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Poland  Portugal and Switzerland) and has supplied over 2.5 million customers since its launch. In 2023  Vente-unique.com generated revenues of €202 million  up 18%.ACTUS finance & communication Pierre Jacquemin-Guillaume Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt Investor relations Press relations vente-unique@actus.fr acdudicourt@actus.fr 01 53 67 36 79 01 53 67 36 32IFRS (€000) Q1 2022-2023 Q1 2023-2024 Change Gross merchandise volume 46 968 58 164 +23.8% Revenues 38 754 45 063 +16.3% E-commerce 36 809 44 010 +19.6% Logistics 1 945 1 053 - 45.9%IFRS (€000) Q2 2022-2023 Q2 2023-2024 Change Gross merchandise volume 52 022 59 150 +13.7% Revenues 42 274 45 197 +6.9% E-commerce 40 374 44 374 +9.9% Logistics 1 899 824 -56.6%[1] Adjusted EBITDA = operating profit before non-recurring items + net depreciation  amortisation  provisions and impairment losses - reversals of provisions and impairment losses before valuation of bonus shares[2] Gross value  including taxes  of products and services sold  including direct product sales recognised at the date of shipment  marketplace sales recognised at the order confirmation date and other invoiced services and revenues[3] Direct product sales + marketplace fees[4] BtoB logistics services invoiced by the new subsidiary resulting from the acquisition of the Distri Service business on 1 October 2022[5] Direct product sales + marketplace fees[6] Austria + Belgium + Germany + Luxembourg + Netherlands + Poland + Switzerland[7] Italy + Portugal + SpainThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mHBpYpqaYmnGy29rlJ1qZpaYm21mm5OVaJaZx2dsmMebm2pklm1hm8jIZnFmnGxr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85775-vu_cp_ca_s1_2023-2024_eng-vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,positive,0.63,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['strong international momentum', 'Solid growth', 'first half', 'Pierre Jacquemin-Guillaume Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt', 'Investor relations Press relations', 'unfavourable household consumption environment', 'new Habitat.fr website', 'home décor sales', 'annual gross merchandise volume', 'double-digit sales growth trajectory', 'The Vente-unique.com Group', 'good margin level', 'main external customer', 'H1 2023-2024 results', '2023-2024 financial year', '2022-2023 financial year', 'solid growth drivers', 'excess logistics capacity', 'iconic Habitat brand', 'resilient half-year growth', 'solid first half', 'double-digit growth target', 'E-commerce consolidated revenues', 'Press release', 'The Group', 'home furnishings', 'iconic brand', 'new customers', 'International sales', 'Group sales', 'Significant growth', 'profitable growth', '1st half', 'potential market', 'European specialist', 'persistent inflation', 'partner offers', 'continuing difficulties', 'strategic move', 'mass market', 'Next publication', 'CAFOM Group', 'e-commerce activities', 'international e-commerce', 'Logistics activities', 'online furniture', 'unaudited revenues', 'furniture market', 'online revenues', '2.5 million customers', 'Euronext Growth', 'Eastern Europe', 'Southern Europe', 'Strong momentum', 'E-commerce revenues', 'remarkable performance', 'ACTUS finance', '18.2% growth', 'EBITDA', 'Expansion', 'revival', '14 May', '1 October', '31 March', 'IFRS', 'Change', 'success', 'marketplace', 'commissions', 'products', 'maintenance', 'attractiveness', 'offering', 'liquidation', 'segment', 'needs', 'France', 'Northern', 'contribution', 'countries', 'opening', 'Portugal', 'Netherlands', 'access', 'steady', 'period', 'backdrop', 'ability', 'summer', '23 April', 'signing', 'licence', 'aim', 'Internet', 'entry', 'range', 'June', 'Tuesday', 'bourse', 'ALVU', 'subsidiary', 'expert', 'company', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'Luxembourg', 'Poland', 'Switzerland', 'launch', 'communication', 'acdudicourt', 'Q1']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRANSGENE-4789/news/Transgene-provides-business-and-financial-update-for-Q1-2024-46720626/,Transgene provides business and financial update for Q1 2024,(marketscreener.com) TG4050: Exciting Phase I data presented at AACR 2024 demonstrating first signs of clinical benefit in adjuvant setting for head and neck cancer  Phase II part of randomized trial to start in coming weeks New clinical data expected on TG40…,TG4050: Exciting Phase I data presented at AACR 2024 demonstrating first signs of clinical benefit in adjuvant setting for head and neck cancer Phase II part of randomized trial to start in coming weeksNew clinical data expected on TG4001  TG6050 and BT-001 in H2 2024Financial visibility until Q4 2025Strasbourg  France  May 14  2024  5:45 p.m. CET – Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  today provides a business update  including its financial position as of March 31  2024.Key events and upcoming milestonesTransgene and its partner NEC reported updated TG4050 Phase I data at AACR 2024 (see April 9 press release here )  showing first clinical benefit for patients treated in the adjuvant setting for head and neck cancer  a patient population at high risk of relapse.Almost all treated patients (16/17) developed a specific immune response against the selected personalized antigen targets. All patients who received TG4050 remain disease-free after a median follow-up of 18.6 months  comparing favorably to the observational arm which saw 3 out of 16 patients relapse during the same period.These data provide a robust clinical proof of principle for the Company’s lead candidate.Additional data on the 24-month median follow up of patients will be reported in H2 2024.Following these promising data  the randomized Phase I trial will be expanded to a randomized Phase I/II trial in the adjuvant setting of head and neck cancer. The Phase II part is expected to start enrolling patients in Q2 2024 within the framework of an extended collaboration between Transgene and NEC.TG4050 has potential applicability across a range of solid tumors where the medical need is still significant despite the existing therapeutic option including immunotherapies.Across 2024  Transgene expects to communicate progress and significant results on all of its clinical stage assets.TG4050 Randomized Phase I part of trial (head and neck): 24-month patient follow upH2 2024 Randomized Phase II part to start (head and neck) H1 2024 Preliminary work to launch additional Phase I trial 2024 TG4001 Randomized Phase II: topline results H2 2024 TG6050 Initial data from Phase I trial H2 2024 BT-001 Initial data from combination part of Phase I H2 2024Operating revenueQ1 In millions of euros 2024 2023 Government funding for research expenditures 1.6 1.5 Revenue from collaborative and licensing agreements 0.1 0.1 Other income - - Operating revenue 1.7 1.6During the first quarter of 2024  operating revenue mostly comprised government funding for research expenditures  which mainly consisted of accrual of 25% of the research tax credit expected for 2024 (€1.6 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to €1.5 million for the same period in 2023).Cash  cash equivalents and other financial assetsCash  cash equivalents and other financial assets stood at €13.7 million as of March 31  2024  compared to €15.7 million as of December 31  2023. In the first quarter of 2024  Transgene’s net cash burn was €11.2 million  excluding Institut Mérieux’s credit facility  compared to €9.8 million for the same period in 2023.In March 2024  the Company signed an amendment to the current account advance agreement with Institut Mérieux (TSGH) raising the available amount to a maximum of €66 million. At the end of March 2024  Transgene has used €22.4 million. The credit facility will be available until the end of 2025 and Transgene is able to draw on and repay the facility at its discretion.As a result  the Company confirms its financial visibility until Q4 2025  enabling the Company to reach important development milestones and deliver significant news flow on its portfolio.***ContactsTransgene:Lucie LarguierChief Financial Officer+33 (0)3 88 27 91 04investorrelations@transgene.frMedia: MEDiSTRAVAFrazer Hall /Sylvie Berrebi+44 (0)203 928 6900transgene@medistrava.comAbout TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Transgene’s programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing cancer cells. The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of a portfolio of therapeutic vaccines and oncolytic viruses: TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform  TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  as well as BT-001 and TG6050  two oncolytic viruses based on the Invir.IO® viral backbone. With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC. With its proprietary platform Invir.IO®  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.frFollow us on social media: X (previously-Twitter): @TransgeneSA – LinkedIn: @TransgeneDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.44,0.55,True,English,"['financial update', 'Transgene', 'business', 'Q1 2024', 'H2 2024 Randomized Phase II part', 'TG4050 Randomized Phase I part', 'current account advance agreement', 'viral vector engineering expert', 'randomized Phase I trial', 'randomized Phase I/II trial', 'Exciting Phase I data', 'TG4001 Randomized Phase II', 'additional Phase I trial', '24-month median follow up', 'Phase I trial H2', 'Invir.IO® viral backbone', 'first individualized therapeutic vaccine', 'TG4050 Phase I data', 'Phase I H2', 'viral vector technology', 'April 9 press release', 'specific immune response', 'personalized antigen targets', 'Institut Mérieux', 'Artificial Intelligence capabilities', 'robust clinical proof', 'clinical stage assets', 'existing therapeutic option', 'important development milestones', 'significant news flow', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'New clinical data', 'other financial assets', 'two oncolytic viruses', 'first clinical benefit', 'net cash burn', 'research tax credit', 'The myvac® approach', 'randomized trial', 'Additional data', 'median follow-up', '24-month patient', 'therapeutic vaccines', 'therapeutic vaccination', 'Other income', 'first signs', 'Financial visibility', 'financial position', 'upcoming milestones', 'promising data', 'significant results', 'Initial data', 'first quarter', 'research expenditures', 'myvac® platform', 'adjuvant setting', 'coming weeks', 'business update', 'Key events', 'patient population', 'high risk', 'observational arm', 'same period', 'lead candidate', 'extended collaboration', 'potential applicability', 'solid tumors', 'medical need', 'Preliminary work', 'topline results', 'Government funding', 'licensing agreements', 'credit facility', 'available amount', 'Lucie Larguier', 'Frazer Hall', 'Sylvie Berrebi', 'HPV-positive cancers', 'precision medicine', 'novel immunotherapy', 'virus-based immunotherapy', 'patient-specific mutations', 'proprietary platform', 'cash equivalents', 'Operating revenue', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'targeted immunotherapies', 'cancer cells', 'Euronext Paris', 'clinical-stage programs', 'biotech company', 'biotechnology company', 'The Company', 'neck cancer', 'AACR', 'head', 'TG6050', 'BT', 'Q4', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'May', 'CET', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'treatment', 'March', 'partner', 'patients', 'relapse', '18.6 months', 'principle', 'Q2', 'framework', 'range', 'progress', 'H1 2024', 'combination', 'Q1', 'millions', 'euros', 'collaborative', 'accrual', 'December', 'amendment', 'TSGH', 'maximum', 'discretion', 'portfolio', 'Contacts', 'investorrelations', 'MEDiSTRAVA', 'goal', 'field', 'generation', '5:45', '3', '2025']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-launches-Regulatory-Violations-Intelligence-Index-to-highlight-key-trends-in-U-S-reg-46718213/,Wolters Kluwer launches Regulatory Violations Intelligence Index to highlight key trends in U.S. regulatory supervision,(marketscreener.com) Significant regulatory fines and new compliance obligations spotlight shifting regulatory prioritieshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-launches-Regulatory-Violations-Intelligence-Inde…,Significant regulatory fines and new compliance obligations spotlight shifting regulatory prioritiesWolters Kluwer has unveiled a compilation of penalties imposed by U.S. financial services regulators over the past several years  providing compliance officers strategic insights into the aggregate volumes and penalty amounts issued to financial services institutions in the United States. Covering a period from 2018 through 2023 reflected in half-year increments  the Regulatory Violations Intelligence Index examines key violation categories—competition-related offenses  consumer protection-related offenses and financial offenses—across federal and state regulatory bodies.“In today’s rapidly evolving regulatory landscape  compliance executives increasingly depend on data-driven intelligence to help optimize their compliance risk management efforts ” says Vikram Savkar  Executive Vice President and General Manager for Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions. “Our Regulatory Violations Intelligence Index helps expand the peripheral vision of compliance leaders by analyzing the key supervisory priorities of the most important U.S. regulatory bodies.”Key findings from the Index six-year review periodIn terms of the volume of enforcement actions issued  the ranking of the three violation categories has remained consistent over the Index assessment period  with consumer protection-related regulations driving the highest number of penalties and competition-related regulations the lowest. Among the key findings:Enforcement actions for illegal fees and customer data security breaches have been consistent priorities for banking regulators.Policy issuance and claims handling issues were repeatedly cited by insurance regulators.Consumer protection-related violations have been predominant  reaching a peak of 123 enforcement actions in the first half of 2020 and  in the second half of 2022  resulting in approximately $4.1 billion in penalties issued.Additional findingsThe second half of 2023 further reflects the magnitude of financial-related offense penalties in both the volume and amounts assessed:46 violations totaling $11.3 billion  which represents a 130% increase in enforcement actions and a 2 739% increase in penalty value over the previous half-year levels.The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) issued the highest number of actions  focusing heavily on investor protection violations and internal financial institution supervision failures.“With the Index  financial institutions will be able to gain access to vital data intelligence  empowering them to more effectively understand compliance risk factors and build data-informed compliance and regulatory change management programs to help enhance their overall compliance program effectiveness ” adds Savkar.Wolters Kluwer will update the Index semi-annually to give compliance professionals a timely  holistic view of the evolving supervisory priorities of key regulators for banks  brokerage firms and insurance providers.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240514647898/en/,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Regulatory Violations Intelligence Index', 'U.S. regulatory supervision', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'key trends', 'internal financial institution supervision failures', 'important U.S. regulatory bodies', 'U.S. financial services regulators', 'The U.S. Securities', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'customer data security breaches', 'regulatory change management programs', 'Commodity Futures Trading Commission', 'overall compliance program effectiveness', 'compliance risk management efforts', 'Index six-year review period', 'Regulatory Violations Intelligence Index', 'state regulatory bodies', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'vital data intelligence', 'compliance risk factors', 'Significant regulatory fines', 'evolving regulatory landscape', 'past several years', 'Executive Vice President', 'three violation categories', 'claims handling issues', 'Consumer protection-related violations', 'investor protection violations', 'timely, holistic view', 'deep domain knowledge', 'new compliance obligations', 'Index assessment period', 'consumer protection-related regulations', 'previous half-year levels', 'evolving supervisory priorities', 'key violation categories', 'consumer protection-related offenses', 'financial services institutions', 'key supervisory priorities', 'financial-related offense penalties', 'regulatory priorities', 'financial institutions', 'financial offenses', 'data-driven intelligence', 'key regulators', 'Exchange Commission', 'banking regulators', 'insurance regulators', 'compliance officers', 'compliance executives', 'compliance leaders', 'data-informed compliance', 'corporate compliance', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'half-year increments', 'competition-related regulations', 'consistent priorities', 'Key findings', 'competition-related offenses', 'compliance professionals', 'strategic insights', 'aggregate volumes', 'United States', 'General Manager', 'peripheral vision', 'highest number', 'illegal fees', 'Policy issuance', 'first half', 'second half', 'Additional findings', 'penalty value', 'brokerage firms', 'insurance providers', 'global leader', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'enforcement actions', 'penalty amounts', 'Vikram Savkar', '46 violations', 'compilation', 'federal', 'today', 'terms', 'ranking', 'peak', 'magnitude', '130% increase', '2,739% increase', 'CFTC', 'access', 'banks', 'information', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/14/invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp-shares-sold-by-natixis-advisors-l-p/,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP) Shares Sold by Natixis Advisors L.P.,Natixis Advisors L.P. trimmed its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.1% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 12 735 shares…,Natixis Advisors L.P. trimmed its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.1% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 12 735 shares of the company’s stock after selling 146 shares during the quarter. Natixis Advisors L.P.’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $2 009 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in RSP. Morgan Stanley lifted its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 12.8% during the 3rd quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 18 941 150 shares of the company’s stock worth $2 683 772 000 after acquiring an additional 2 153 993 shares during the period. Chai Trust Co. LLC raised its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 926.0% during the 3rd quarter. Chai Trust Co. LLC now owns 1 705 786 shares of the company’s stock worth $241 693 000 after buying an additional 1 539 527 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 53.1% during the 3rd quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 3 120 094 shares of the company’s stock worth $449 410 000 after buying an additional 1 082 620 shares in the last quarter. International Assets Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter worth approximately $165 805 000. Finally  UBS Group AG raised its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 17.4% during the 3rd quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 5 948 672 shares of the company’s stock worth $842 867 000 after buying an additional 880 506 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Down 0.0 %Shares of RSP stock opened at $166.07 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $55.62 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. The stock has a 50 day simple moving average of $164.50 and a 200-day simple moving average of $156.94. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12-month low of $133.34 and a 12-month high of $169.80.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Natixis Advisors L.P.', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Shares', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'International Assets Investment Management LLC', 'Natixis Advisors L.P.', 'Chai Trust Co. LLC', '50 day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'other hedge funds', 'UBS Group AG', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Ameriprise Financial Inc.', 'latest 13F filings', 'recent 13F filing', 'recent filing', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'financial companies', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Exchange Commission', 'Morgan Stanley', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'fourth quarter', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', '4th quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'new position', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'additional 2,153,993 shares', 'additional 1,539,527 shares', 'additional 1,082,620 shares', 'additional 880,506 shares', 'RSP stock', '12,735 shares', '146 shares', '18,941,150 shares', '1,705,786 shares', '3,120,094 shares', '5,948,672 shares', 'stake', 'Securities', 'firm', 'company', 'holdings', 'number', 'period', 'Tuesday', 'price', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,etfdailynews.com
40944,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881301/0/en/Eviden-announces-JARVICE-AI-Platform-Software-as-the-latest-addition-to-its-growing-AI-computing-portfolio.html,Eviden announces JARVICE AI Platform Software as the latest addition to its growing AI computing portfolio,Press Release   Eviden announces JARVICE AI Platform Software as the latest addition to its growing AI computing portfolio  Paris  France and...,"Press ReleaseEviden announces JARVICE AI Platform Software as the latest addition to its growing AI computing portfolioParis  France and Hamburg  Germany – May 14  2024 – Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in advanced computing  today announces JARVICE™ AI  a new software solution that complements its full BullSequana AI product and services line. JARVICE AI simplifies the work of data scientists and AI infrastructure administrators by providing a ‘single and secure pane of glass' orchestration access to geographically dispersed GPU clusters or cloud providers.JARVICE AI is a comprehensive extension of Eviden’s existing JARVICE™ XE enterprise HPC platform. With new capabilities  this platform is designed for AI and can orchestrate one-click MLOps frameworks on advanced AI infrastructures  whether on-premises  in the cloud  or on federated architectures. The offering boasts bare metal performance and flexibility to run GPU  CPU  IPU or any other emerging AI acceleration resources. JARVICE AI leverages the extensive HyperHub™ application marketplace  and expands it with a catalog of AI-specific applications and frameworks across the Generative AI  model ops and LLM landscapes. Additionally  JARVICE AI can support custom AI applications and frameworks.With its built-in advanced workload scheduler  JARVICE AI accommodates a diverse set of concurrent AI scheduling needs from a single platform  including large-scale training for generative AI frameworks  low-latency inference tasks  and complex MLOps workflows  delivering high levels of efficiency for cluster utilization and workload mobility.“By combining and simplifying the management and deployment of AI and HPC applications under a single pane of glass across all organizational compute endpoints  JARVICE AI provides a secure and scalable user experience for scientists  researchers  and engineers. With JARVICE AI and HyperHub  organizations can respond to the rapidly evolving needs of AI workloads with confidence and ease – no matter what the future brings ” said Leo Reiter  CTO Nimbix Cloud.""JARVICE AI excites me as a 6-year user of JARVICE for training large-scale deep learning models. It's easy to use  unifies MLOps workflows across any infrastructure into a single pane of glass  and introduces new  advanced workload scheduling—it's quite the compelling offering for the enterprise ” said Tanmay Bakshi  ML & Software Architect  IBM Automation  and Google Developer Expert for Machine Learning at IBM.Availability:JARVICE AI will be widely available in Q3 2024 with early access to customers from today. Eviden will be exhibiting at ISC24 in Hamburg  Germany this week. Visit booth K30 to speak with a team of experts or to see a demo of JARVICE AI.***About Eviden1Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 47 countries. Bringing together 47 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 95 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactZohra DALI – globalpr@atos.netAttachment",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['JARVICE AI Platform Software', 'growing AI computing portfolio', 'latest addition', 'Eviden', 'existing JARVICE™ XE enterprise HPC platform', 'other emerging AI acceleration resources', 'full BullSequana AI product', 'extensive HyperHub™ application marketplace', 'Generative AI, model ops', 'concurrent AI scheduling needs', 'large-scale deep learning models', 'new, advanced workload scheduling', 'growing AI computing portfolio', 'JARVICE AI Platform Software', 'new software solution', 'bare metal performance', 'low-latency inference tasks', 'organizational compute endpoints', 'Google Developer Expert', 'worldwide leading positions', 'advanced workload scheduler', 'scalable user experience', 'advanced AI infrastructures', 'complex MLOps workflows', 'generative AI frameworks', 'custom AI applications', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'one-click MLOps frameworks', 'CTO Nimbix Cloud', 'AI infrastructure administrators', 'next-gen technology leader', ""glass' orchestration access"", 'secure information space', 'Atos Group business', 'Atos Group company', 'HPC applications', 'advanced computing', 'new capabilities', 'single platform', 'large-scale training', 'workload mobility', 'evolving needs', 'Software Architect', 'Machine Learning', 'strong portfolio', 'JARVICE™ AI', 'AI workloads', '6-year user', 'early access', 'deep expertise', 'global leader', 'high-performance computing', 'AI-specific applications', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'decarbonized digital', 'Press Release', 'latest addition', 'comprehensive extension', 'federated architectures', 'LLM landscapes', 'diverse set', 'high levels', 'cluster utilization', 'Leo Reiter', 'Tanmay Bakshi', 'booth K30', 'data-driven, trusted', 'patented technologies', '47,000 world-class talents', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'Zohra DALI', 'secure pane', 'single pane', 'services line', 'decarbonization services', 'cloud providers', 'GPU clusters', 'compelling offering', 'IBM Automation', 'Euronext Paris', 'data scientists', 'Eviden', 'France', 'Hamburg', 'Germany', 'premises', 'flexibility', 'CPU', 'IPU', 'catalog', 'efficiency', 'management', 'deployment', 'researchers', 'engineers', 'organizations', 'confidence', 'future', 'Availability', 'Q3', 'customers', 'today', 'ISC24', 'team', 'experts', 'demo', 'security', 'industries', '47 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations', 'c.', '95,000 employees', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'scientific', 'members', 'societies', 'safe', 'Attachment']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT--5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-GBL-accelerates-its-share-buyback-program-46712810/,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : GBL accelerates its share buyback program,(marketscreener.com)   May 14  2024 - Before 8:30am CET   Press release - Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   GBL accelerates its share buyback program   Pursuant to the authorization granted by the 2020 General Meeting  Group…,"May 14  2024 - Before 8:30am CETPress release - Regulated informationDelivering meaningful growthGBL accelerates its share buyback programPursuant to the authorization granted by the 2020 General Meeting  Groupe Bruxelles Lambert (""GBL"" or the ""Company"") announces that it is accelerating its share buyback program (the ""Program"")  as the current GBL share price does not accurately reflect its intrinsic value.The Program involves an approved envelope of €500 million1  corresponding to approximately 5.2% of GBL's shares2.The Program is expected to be completed by June 30  2025  subject to market conditions  and will be executed by an independent intermediary under a discretionary mandate enabling purchases in both open and closed periods.As in previous years  GBL shareholders will be asked in due course to vote on the cancellation of GBL shares3 acquired under the Program.On-the-market share repurchases under the Program will take place pursuant to the safe harbour regime provided for in Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse and Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 with regard to regulatory technical standards for the terms of buyback programs and stabilization measures.For more information  please contact: Xavier Likin Alison Donohoe Chief Financial Officer Head of Investor Relations Tel: +32 2 289 17 72 Tel: +32 2 289 17 64 xlikin@gbl.com adonohoe@gbl.comAbout Groupe Bruxelles LambertGroupe Bruxelles Lambert (""GBL"") is an established investment holding company  with seventy years of stock exchange listing and a net asset value of €17.0 billion at the end of March 2024. As a leading and active investor in Europe  GBL focuses on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. As a responsible company and investor  GBL perceives ESG factors as being inextricably linked to value creation.GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed  private and alternative investments.GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value per share  a sustainable dividend and share buybacks.GBL is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: GBLB BB; ISIN code: BE0003797140) and is included in the BEL20 index.Of which €47 million has been executed to date Based on the weighted average price of GBL shares for the period from January 2  2024 to April 30  2024 Excluding those that could be allocated to the long-term incentive plans for GBL employees which would account for a minority of the totalPress release May 14  2024 - Regulated information // Page 1 / 1 // For more information: www.gbl.com",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.33,0.23,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'share buyback program', 'GBL', 'Xavier Likin Alison Donohoe Chief Financial Officer Head', 'stable family shareholder base', 'current GBL share price', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'safe harbour regime', 'regulatory technical standards', 'stock exchange listing', 'diversified high-quality portfolio', 'long-term incentive plans', 'net asset value', 'long-term value creation', 'market share repurchases', 'investment holding company', 'share buyback program', 'average price', 'buyback programs', 'share buybacks', 'intrinsic value', 'market conditions', 'market abuse', '8:30am CET', 'Press release', '2020 General Meeting', 'independent intermediary', 'discretionary mandate', 'closed periods', 'previous years', 'due course', 'stabilization measures', 'seventy years', 'responsible company', 'ESG factors', 'listed, private', 'alternative investments', 'attractive returns', 'sustainable dividend', 'Euronext Brussels', 'GBLB BB', 'ISIN code', 'BEL20 index', 'meaningful growth', 'Investor Relations', 'active investor', 'Regulated information', 'Delegated Regulation', 'GBL shares3', 'GBL employees', 'GBL shareholders', 'authorization', 'envelope', 'June', 'open', 'cancellation', 'place', 'No.', '16 April', '8 March', 'regard', 'terms', 'adonohoe', 'leading', 'Europe', 'support', 'combination', 'Ticker', 'January', 'minority', 'total', 'Page']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/4898027607122636,Wolters Kluwer launches Regulatory Violations Intelligence Index to highlight key trends in U.S. regulatory supervision,Significant regulatory fines and new compliance obligations spotlight shifting regulatory priorities           Wolters Kluwer has unveiled a compilation of penalties imposed by U.S. financial services regulators over the past several years  providing c...,Wolters Kluwer launches Regulatory Violations Intelligence Index to highlight key trends in U.S. regulatory supervisionSignificant regulatory fines and new compliance obligations spotlight shifting regulatory prioritiesWolters Kluwer has unveiled a compilation of penalties imposed by U.S. financial services regulators over the past several years  providing compliance officers strategic insights into the aggregate volumes and penalty amounts issued to financial services institutions in the United States. Covering a period from 2018 through 2023 reflected in half-year increments  the Regulatory Violations Intelligence Index examines key violation categories—competition-related offenses  consumer protection-related offenses and financial offenses—across federal and state regulatory bodies.“In today’s rapidly evolving regulatory landscape  compliance executives increasingly depend on data-driven intelligence to help optimize their compliance risk management efforts ” says Vikram Savkar   Executive Vice President and General Manager for Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions . “Our Regulatory Violations Intelligence Index helps expand the peripheral vision of compliance leaders by analyzing the key supervisory priorities of the most important U.S. regulatory bodies.”Key findings from the Index six-year review periodIn terms of the volume of enforcement actions issued  the ranking of the three violation categories has remained consistent over the Index assessment period  with consumer protection-related regulations driving the highest number of penalties and competition-related regulations the lowest. Among the key findings:Enforcement actions for illegal fees and customer data security breaches have been consistent priorities for banking regulators.Policy issuance and claims handling issues were repeatedly cited by insurance regulators.Consumer protection-related violations have been predominant  reaching a peak of 123 enforcement actions in the first half of 2020 and  in the second half of 2022  resulting in approximately $4.1 billion in penalties issued.Additional findingsThe second half of 2023 further reflects the magnitude of financial-related offense penalties in both the volume and amounts assessed:46 violations totaling $11.3 billion  which represents a 130% increase in enforcement actions and a 2 739% increase in penalty value over the previous half-year levels.The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) issued the highest number of actions  focusing heavily on investor protection violations and internal financial institution supervision failures.“With the Index  financial institutions will be able to gain access to vital data intelligence  empowering them to more effectively understand compliance risk factors and build data-informed compliance and regulatory change management programs to help enhance their overall compliance program effectiveness ” adds Savkar.Wolters Kluwer will update the Index semi-annually to give compliance professionals a timely  holistic view of the evolving supervisory priorities of key regulators for banks  brokerage firms and insurance providers.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Facebook   YouTube and Instagram .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240514647898/en/David FeiderAssociate Director  External CommunicationsFinancial & Corporate ComplianceWolters KluwerOffice +1 612-246-9454david.feider@wolterskluwer.com,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Regulatory Violations Intelligence Index', 'U.S. regulatory supervision', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'key trends', 'internal financial institution supervision failures', 'important U.S. regulatory bodies', 'U.S. financial services regulators', 'The U.S. Securities', 'U.S. regulatory supervision', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'customer data security breaches', 'regulatory change management programs', 'Commodity Futures Trading Commission', 'overall compliance program effectiveness', 'compliance risk management efforts', 'Index six-year review period', 'Regulatory Violations Intelligence Index', 'state regulatory bodies', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'vital data intelligence', 'Significant regulatory fines', 'evolving regulatory landscape', 'Consumer protection-related violations', 'investor protection violations', 'compliance risk factors', 'past several years', 'Executive Vice President', 'three violation categories', 'claims handling issues', 'timely, holistic view', 'deep domain knowledge', 'new compliance obligations', 'Index assessment period', 'consumer protection-related regulations', 'previous half-year levels', 'evolving supervisory priorities', 'key violation categories', 'consumer protection-related offenses', 'financial services institutions', 'key supervisory priorities', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'financial-related offense penalties', 'regulatory priorities', 'financial institutions', 'data-driven intelligence', 'financial offenses', 'key regulators', 'Exchange Commission', 'banking regulators', 'insurance regulators', 'compliance officers', 'compliance executives', 'compliance leaders', 'data-informed compliance', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'expert solutions', 'half-year increments', 'competition-related regulations', 'consistent priorities', 'key trends', 'competition-related offenses', 'Key findings', 'compliance professionals', 'strategic insights', 'aggregate volumes', 'United States', 'General Manager', 'peripheral vision', 'highest number', 'illegal fees', 'Policy issuance', 'first half', 'second half', 'Additional findings', 'penalty value', 'brokerage firms', 'insurance providers', 'global leader', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'Associate Director', 'External Communications', 'enforcement actions', 'penalty amounts', 'Vikram Savkar', '46 violations', 'David Feider', 'compilation', 'federal', 'today', 'terms', 'ranking', 'peak', 'magnitude', '130% increase', '2,739% increase', 'CFTC', 'access', 'banks', 'information', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,investorsobserver.com
40947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/100764/worldline-teams-with-visa-on-virtual-card-issuance-for-online-travel-agencies,Worldline teams with Visa on virtual card issuance for online travel agencies,Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  today announced a strategic partnership with Visa  a global leader in digital payments  to launch a new virtual card issuing solution.,Source: WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  today announced a strategic partnership with Visa  a global leader in digital payments  to launch a new virtual card issuing solution.This strategic collaboration marks a pivotal moment  propelling Worldline beyond payment processing and into direct card issuance. The project will focus on the Online Travel Agency (OTA) market due to a high demand for this solution and Worldline’s strong heritage and portfolio in travel. By combining the parties’ acceptance networks and seamless payouts  the virtual card issuing solution will streamline cash flow for OTAs.The OTA market is rapidly growing and demand for innovative payment solutions is surging. Industry analysts expect Travel and Tourism will generate 76% of all revenues from online sales by 2028 (Statista) while the entire travel industry is expected to reach USD 1.74 trillion in volume by 2026 (PhocusWright data). OTAs currently representing 40% of the global travel market (Pata: 3)  are poised to play an increasingly influential role across all sectors  including airlines  hotels  packaged tours  rail  and cruises. For OTAs  virtual cards play an integral part in streamlining operational procedures and this new partnership enables the OTAs to further optimise their business.By choosing Visa as its international scheme partner  Worldline will provide OTAs with access to a dedicated B2B virtual card programme and enable them to pay their suppliers more quickly and securely. With both parties making a significant investment into this partnership  the opportunity to substantially enhance the payments infrastructure of the online travel sector is clear.The partnership connects Worldline’s Merchant Services Acceptance capabilities with its innovative Financial Services Card issuing platform. The offering  with joint acceptance and issuing  further supports OTAs in the management and optimisation of cash flows while reducing operational frictions. Worldline’s experience and deep understanding of the online travel sector will enable it to develop a market-leading solution that bridges the gap between acceptance and issuing.Guillaume Tournand  VP of Growth at Worldline Merchant Services  said: “We are delighted to announce this significant partnership with Visa  a global influential and respected brand. It will transform the way online travel agencies handle payments by offering a unified solution that combines payment performance and cost effectiveness. By leveraging our strong travel footprint  this initiative unlocks significant market expansion for Worldline  propelling us as the leading payment solution for travel agencies and driving sustainable revenue growth.”Ed Chandler  Senior Vice President  Visa Commercial and Money Movement Solutions  also comments: “At Visa  we obsess about working with partners to deliver innovative  secure and reliable payment solutions. We are excited to partner with Worldline  to streamline  unify and enhance how online travel agencies are paid and pay their suppliers seamlessly.”,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.68,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['virtual card issuance', 'online travel agencies', 'Worldline teams', 'Visa', 'innovative Financial Services Card issuing platform', 'dedicated B2B virtual card programme', 'new virtual card issuing solution', 'Merchant Services Acceptance capabilities', 'direct card issuance', 'innovative payment solutions', 'international scheme partner', 'Senior Vice President', 'Money Movement Solutions', 'reliable payment solutions', 'Worldline Merchant Services', 'Online Travel Agency', 'online travel sector', 'leading payment solution', 'entire travel industry', 'online travel agencies', 'strong travel footprint', 'sustainable revenue growth', 'significant market expansion', 'parties’ acceptance networks', 'global travel market', 'payment services', 'virtual cards', 'innovative, secure', 'new partnership', 'online sales', 'market-leading solution', 'unified solution', 'payment processing', 'OTA) market', 'strong heritage', 'OTA market', 'Industry analysts', 'joint acceptance', 'payment performance', 'significant investment', 'global leader', 'global influential', 'strategic collaboration', 'pivotal moment', 'seamless payouts', 'cash flow', 'PhocusWright data', 'influential role', 'integral part', 'operational procedures', 'operational frictions', 'deep understanding', 'Guillaume Tournand', 'respected brand', 'cost effectiveness', 'Ed Chandler', 'significant partnership', 'digital payments', 'payments infrastructure', 'strategic partnership', 'high demand', 'Visa Commercial', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'project', 'portfolio', 'OTAs', 'The', 'Tourism', 'revenues', 'Statista', 'volume', 'Pata', 'sectors', 'airlines', 'hotels', 'tours', 'rail', 'cruises', 'business', 'access', 'suppliers', 'opportunity', 'offering', 'management', 'optimisation', 'experience', 'gap', 'VP', 'way', 'initiative']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,finextra.com
40948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAAT-PHARMA-128358114/news/MaaT-Pharma-Launches-a-Global-Offering-of-approximately-18-Million-Euros-46721836/,MaaT Pharma Launches a Global Offering of approximately 18 Million Euros,(marketscreener.com) Launch of an offering of new shares for approximately 17 Million Euros through a Reserved Offering aimed at categories of institutional investors  and a PrimaryBid Offering aimed at retail investors via the PrimaryBid platformSubscr…,"Launch of an offering of new shares for approximately 17 Million Euros through a Reserved Offering aimed at categories of institutional investors  and a PrimaryBid Offering aimed at retail investors via the PrimaryBid platform Subscription commitments from existing shareholders and Directors of the Company for a total of 14.4 Million Euros Concomitant sale of a maximum of 125 000 existing shares held by Seventure Partners  representing approximately 1% of the share capital for a maximum amount of 1 Million euros Offering Price of new shares of €8 per share Closing of the Primary Bid Offering on May 14  2024  at 10 pm (CET) and of the Reserved Offering on May 15  2024 before market opening subject to early closing The funds raised will be used to fund the company’s R&D activities  covering completion of the Phase 3 trial for MaaT013 in Europe  including top-line results/primary endpoint in mid Q4 2024  r continuing the pipeline development  including the initiation of Phase 3 trial activities for MaaT013 in the US and for working capital and other general corporate purposes  including repayment of current debtsRegulatory News:THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS RESTRICTED AND IS NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN  INTO OR FROM AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA OR THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR CONTAIN ANY INVITATION  SOLICITATION  RECOMMENDATION  OFFER OR ADVICE TO ANY PERSON TO SUBSCRIBE FOR  OTHERWISE ACQUIRE OR DISPOSE OF ANY SECURITIES IN MAAT PHARMA OR ANY OTHER ENTITY IN ANY JURISDICTION.MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT - the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to enhancing survival for patients with cancer  today announces the launch of an offering of approximately 18 million euros  comprising a reserved offering of new ordinary shares to categories of investors and a public offering of new ordinary shares to retail investors (via the PrimaryBid platform) (the “Primary Offering”)  and a sale of existing shares for 1 million euros  at a price of €8 per share (the “Offering Price”).MaaT Pharma will use the net proceeds of the Primary Offering to fund the continued development of its Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM  including:completion of the Phase 3 trial for MaaT013 in Europe  including top-line results/primary endpoint expected in mid-Q4 2024;refining the pipeline development  encompassing the initiation of Phase 3 trial activities for MaaT013 in the US and the broadening of the Phase 2b trial with MaaT033 across Europe; andworking capital and other general corporate purposes  including repayment of current debts.In the context of the Global Offering  the Company benefits from the long-term support of its historical shareholders Bpifrance Investissement  Biocodex and Seventure Partners who have committed themselves to subscribe for a total amount of €14.3m in the Global Offering  subject to the Reserved Offering representing at least €17 million.Excluding the proceeds of the Reserved Offering  on the basis of planned expenditure  total cash and cash equivalents as of March 31  2024  of €18.2 million (unaudited)  the Company estimates that it will be able to fund its operations until the end of September 2024. On the same basis  including the proceeds of the Reserved Offering representing more than €17 million  the Company estimates that it will be able to finance its operations into early Q1 2025. The Company is also engaged to seek further financing dilutive and/or non-dilutive financing solutions to finance operations beyond early Q1 2025 and remains confident in extending its cash runway to meet its financial obligations over the next 12 months. The Company reports in parallel revenues of EUR 0.8 million for the first quarter of 2024 compared with EUR 0.7 million for the same period of 2023  in relation to its Early Access Program for MaaT013 in Europe.Concurrently with the Primary Offering  certain funds managed by Seventure Partners (together  the “Selling Shareholder”) will sell a maximum of 125 000 shares  representing a maximum amount of 1 million euros (the “Secondary Offering” and together with the Primary Offering  the “Global Offering”). These funds are currently in a divestment period and are progressively selling the shares they hold in the Company  but Seventure Partners will continue to support the development and growth of the Company and has committed to participate to the Reserved Offering through other funds.Hervé Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma  commented: “We are pleased to announce a capital increase at a price of €8 per share with €14 4 million already committed by our longstanding investors and management. While anchored around our historical investors  this offering is strategically aimed at continuing expanding our shareholder base through retail investors  further increasing our market float. Thus  we have partnered with the PrimaryBid platform to offer them the opportunity to join us under the same conditions as institutional investors.This transaction will enable us to finalize and present the primary endpoint of the Phase 3 trial of our lead product  MaaT013  in acute graft-versus-host disease  and to support the increase of maturity of our pipeline  including the expansion in the US.Encouraged by the positive clinical data from our recent early access program  we are highly motivated to push forward in our development efforts. We are dedicated to a structured approach that aims to bring innovative therapeutic solutions to patients who are battling diseases with limited treatment options and challenging prognoses.”Terms and Conditions of the Global OfferingThe Global Offering will be carried out in three concomitant components under the same pricing conditions:a reserved offering (the “Reserved Offering”) of new ordinary shares without pre-emptive subscription rights  to specific categories of investors  namely: (i) natural person(s) or legal entity(ies)  including companies  trusts  investment funds or other investment vehicles  in any form  established under French or foreign law  that regularly invest in the pharmaceutical  biotechnological or medical technologies sectors  as the case may be  when an industrial  commercial  licensing  research or partnership agreement is entered into with the Company; and/or (ii) company(ies)  institution(s) or entity(ies) in any form  French or foreign  which conduct a significant portion of their business in these sectors or in the field of cosmetics or chemicals or medical devices or research in these fields  or having entered into an industrial commercial  licensing  research or partnership agreement with the Company  in accordance with the 25th resolution of the annual general meeting of June 19  2023 (the “AGM”) and pursuant to article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Codea public offering of new ordinary shares  aimed at retail investors via the PrimaryBid platform  which will be carried out via an allocation proportional to demand  limited to the amount allocated to this public offering  with allocations reduced should demand exceed this limit  in accordance with the 23rd resolution of the AGM and pursuant to article L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code and article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the “PrimaryBid Offering”)   anda sale of up to 125 000 existing ordinary shares representing a maximum amount of 1 Million euros held by the Selling Shareholder to the same specific categories of investors defined in the Reserved Offering.The total amount of the Global Offering would be approximately 18 million euros  with a possibility to increase this total amount  subject to investor demand.The amount of the Global Offering will depend exclusively on the orders received for each of the above-mentioned components  with no possibility of reallocating the amounts committed to the Reserved Offering and the Secondary Offering  to the PrimaryBid Offering. The PrimaryBid Offering to retail investors is incidental to the Reserved Offering and may not exceed 20% of the total amount of the Global Offering. In any event  the PrimaryBid Offering will not be carried out if the Reserved Offering does not occur.The Offering Price of the new shares will be at a price of €8 per share  representing an approximate discount of 15% of the Company’s shares on the Euronext Paris regulated market at the time of the last trading session preceding announcement (i.e. May 13  2024)  in compliance with the 25th  23rd and 27th resolutions of the Company. The Offering Price of the new ordinary shares issued under the PrimaryBid Offering and of the existing shares sold in the Secondary Offering will be equal to the price of the new ordinary shares issued under the Reserved Offering.The Reserved Offering and the Secondary Offering will be carried out by ""accelerated bookbuilding""  at the end of which the number of new shares to be issued and the price per share will be determined by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company  pursuant to and within the limits of the sub-delegations of authority granted by the Board of Directors of the Company as of the date of this press release and in accordance with the resolutions of the AGM.The accelerated book-building process for the Reserved Offering and the Secondary Offering will be initiated immediately following the publication of this press release and is expected to close before markets open tomorrow  subject to early closing. The PrimaryBid Offering will also begin immediately and is expected to close at 10 p.m. today  subject to early closing. The Company will announce the results of the Global Offering by press release after the order book closes  tomorrow before the market opens.The Reserved Offering will be available  within the categories of investors defined above  (i) to institutional investors in France  outside France with the exception of the United States  Canada  Australia and Japan and  solely within the categories of investors specifically provided for in the 25th resolution mentioned above  and (ii) to certain institutional investors in the United States.Settlement-delivery of the new ordinary shares and their admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris are expected to occur on May 17  2024. The new shares will be of the same class and fungible with the existing shares  will carry all rights attached to the shares  and will be admitted to trading on the Euronext Paris market under the same ISIN code FR0012634822 - MAAT.Shareholders’ subscription and lock-up agreementsCurrent shareholders Bpifrance Investissement  Biocodex and Seventure Partners which hold 15 51%  10 62% and 22 31% of the Company’s share capital  respectively on a non-dilutive basis  have pledged to subscribe €8 million  €5 million and €1.3 million respectively in the Reserved Offering  subject for the Reserved Offering representing at least €17 million. The Management of the Company has pledged to subscribe €100 000 in the Reserved Offering.The subscription commitments received by the Company  as detailed above  thus represent a total of €14.4 million.The press release announcing the results of the Global Offering will set out the shareholding resulting from the transaction.The independent directors of the Company were called upon to vote alone on the transaction  unanimously approved both the principle of the transaction and its terms. Mr. Hervé Affagard  Mrs Isabelle de Crémoux for Seventure Partners  and Mr. Jean-Marie Lefèvre for Biocodex  did not take part in the vote of this decision.In connection with the Reserved Offering  participating Directors and certain existing shareholders namely  Seventure Partners  Biocodex and Bpifrance Investissement have respectively entered into a lock-up agreement with the Placement Agent for a period ending 90 days after the settlement and delivery date of the Offering  subject to customary exceptions. In connection with the Reserved Offering  the Company has undertaken to refrain from issuing shares for a period of 90 days from the settlement-delivery date of the Offer  subject to customary exceptions.Financial IntermediariesStifel Europe AG (“Stifel”) are acting as Global Coordinator and Joint Bookrunner in connection with the Reserved Offering. Gilbert Dupont SNC  Groupe Société Générale  is acting as Joint Bookrunner in connection with the Reserved Offering. Stifel is also acting as Centralizing Agent (together  the “Placement Agents”). The Reserved Offering is subject to a placement agreement entered into between the Company and the Placement Agents dated May 14  2024.Within the framework of the PrimaryBid Offering  investors may only subscribe via the PrimaryBid Partners mentioned on the PrimaryBid website. The PrimaryBid Offering is subject to an engagement letter entered into between the Company and PrimaryBid and is not subject to a placement agreement.ProspectusIn connection with the Reserved Offering  a listing prospectus will be submitted to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the ""AMF"") prior to the settlement and delivery of the new ordinary shares (the ""Prospectus""). The Prospectus will consist of (i) the Company's universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 2  2024  under number D.24-0225  with its amendment to be filed with the AMF  and (ii) a securities note including the summary of the Prospectus. This Prospectus will be available on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org) and on the Company's website (www.maatpharma.com/) and may be obtained free of charge from the Company's registered office.This press release does not constitute a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended  or a public offering.Risk factorsThe public's attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to the Company and its business  presented in chapter 3 of the universal registration document 2024 approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 02  2024  which is available free of charge on the Company's website (www.maatpharma.com) and the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org). The occurrence of any or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on the Company's business  financial situation  results  development or prospects.In addition  investors are invited to consider the following risks specific to the issue: (i) the market price of the Company's shares could fluctuate and fall below the Offering Price of the shares issued under the Offer  (ii) the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares could fluctuate significantly  (iii) sales of the Company's shares could occur on the market and have an unfavorable impact on the Company's share price  and (iv) the Company's shareholders could suffer potentially significant dilution as a result of any future capital increases made necessary by the Company's search for financing.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a leading clinical-stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma initiated an open-label  single-arm Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute GvHD  building on the positive results of its Phase 2 proof-of-concept study. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  enables the identification of novel disease targets  evaluation of drug candidates  and identification of biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.DisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”). Any decision to purchase shares must be made solely on the basis of publicly available information on the Company.In France  the offer of MaaT Pharma shares described below will be made in the context of (i) a capital increase reserved to specified categories of beneficiaries  pursuant to article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code and applicable regulatory provisions and (ii) a public offering primarily intended to retail investors through the PrimaryBid platform  pursuant to article L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code and article L.411-2-1  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Pursuant to article 211-3 of the General regulations of the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers) (the ""AMF"") and articles 1(4) and 3 of the Prospectus Regulation  the offer of MaaT Pharma shares will not require the publication of a prospectus approved by the AMF.With respect to Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been taken or will be taken to permit a public offering of the securities referred to in this press release requiring the publication of a prospectus in any Member State. Therefore  such securities may not be and shall not be offered in any Member State other than in accordance with the exemptions of Article 1(4) of Prospectus Regulation or  otherwise  in cases not requiring the publication of a prospectus under Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or the applicable regulations in such Member State.This press release and the information it contains are being distributed to and are only intended for persons who are (x) outside the United Kingdom or (y) in the United Kingdom and are (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (ii) high net worth entities and other such persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (“high net worth companies”  “unincorporated associations”  etc.) or (iii) other persons to whom an invitation or inducement to participate in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Market Act 2000) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons in (y)(i)  (y)(ii) and (y)(iii) together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire securities to which this press release relates will only be engaged with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this press release or any of its contents.This press release may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States. This press release and the information contained therein does not  and will not  constitute an offer of securities for sale  nor the solicitation of an offer to purchase  securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction where restrictions may apply. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). The securities of MaaT Pharma have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act  and MaaT Pharma does not intend to conduct a public offering in the United States.A listing prospectus will be submitted to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the ""AMF"") prior to the settlement and delivery of the new ordinary shares (the ""Prospectus""). The Prospectus will consist of (i) the Company's universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 2  2024 under number D.24-0225  with its amendment to be filed with the AMF  and (ii) a securities note including the summary of the Prospectus. This Prospectus will be available on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org) and on the Company's website (www.maatpharma.com/) and may be obtained free of charge from the Company's registered office.MIFID II Product Governance/Target Market: solely for the purposes of the requirements of article 9.8 of the EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 relating to the product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the shares of MaaT Pharma has led to the conclusion in relation to the type of clients criteria only that: (i) the type of clients to whom the shares are targeted is eligible counterparties and professional clients and retail clients  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the shares of MaaT Pharma to eligible counterparties and professional clients and retail clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the shares of MaaT Pharma (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the type of clients assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the shares of MaaT Pharma and determining appropriate distribution channels.The distribution of this press release may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Any person who comes into possession of this press release must inform him or herself of and comply with any such restrictions.Any decision to subscribe for or purchase the shares or other securities of MaaT Pharma must be made solely based on information publicly available about MaaT Pharma. Such information is not the responsibility of Stifel and Gilbert Dupont and has not been independently verified by Stifel and Gilbert Dupont.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240514431876/en/",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.34,0.36,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Global Offering', '18 Million Euros', 'other general corporate purposes', 'PrimaryBid platform Subscription commitments', '14.4 Million Euros Concomitant sale', 'R&D activities', 'top-line results/primary endpoint', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'Early Access Program', 'Phase 3 trial activities', 'Phase 2b trial', 'new ordinary shares', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Primary Bid Offering', 'dilutive financing solutions', '1 Million euros Offering', '17 Million Euros', '18 million euros', 'INFORMATION PURPOSES', 'OTHER ENTITY', 'PrimaryBid Offering', 'new shares', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'early closing', 'early Q1', 'Primary Offering', 'other funds', 'existing shareholders', '125,000 existing shares', 'Seventure Partners', 'market opening', 'mid Q4', 'working capital', 'current debts', 'Regulatory News', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'UNITED STATES', 'long-term support', 'historical shareholders', 'Bpifrance Investissement', 'planned expenditure', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'financial obligations', 'next 12 months', 'parallel revenues', 'first quarter', 'same period', 'Selling Shareholder', 'divestment period', 'Hervé Affagard', 'capital increase', 'Reserved Offering', 'public offering', 'Global Offering', 'Secondary Offering', 'institutional investors', 'retail investors', 'longstanding investors', 'historical investors', 'MAAT PHARMA', 'total amount', 'total cash', 'pipeline development', 'continued development', 'share capital', 'maximum amount', 'share Closing', 'same basis', 'The Company', 'net proceeds', 'Offering Price', '125,000 shares', 'Launch', 'categories', 'Directors', 'May', 'CET', 'completion', 'MaaT013', 'Europe', 'initiation', 'US', 'repayment', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'RELEASE', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'REPUBLIC', 'INVITATION', 'SOLICITATION', 'RECOMMENDATION', 'ADVICE', 'PERSON', 'ACQUIRE', 'DISPOSE', 'SECURITIES', 'EURONEXT', 'leader', 'MET', 'survival', 'patients', 'cancer', 'mid-Q4', 'broadening', 'MaaT033', 'context', 'Biocodex', 'March', 'operations', 'September', 'relation', 'growth', 'CEO', 'founder', 'management', 'expa', '10']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAAT-PHARMA-128358114/news/MaaT-Pharma-Inside-Information-News-release-on-accounts-results-46722153/,MaaT Pharma : Inside Information / News release on accounts  results,(marketscreener.com)   THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS RESTRICTED AND IS NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN  INTO OR FROM AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AF…,"THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS RESTRICTED AND IS NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN  INTO OR FROM AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA OR THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR CONTAIN ANY INVITATION  SOLICITATION  RECOMMENDATION  OFFER OR ADVICE TO ANY PERSON TO SUBSCRIBE FOR  OTHERWISE ACQUIRE OR DISPOSE OF ANY SECURITIES IN MAAT PHARMA OR ANY OTHER ENTITY IN ANY JURISDICTION. MaaT Pharma Launches a Global Offering of approximately 18 Million Euros Launch of an offering of new shares for approximately 17 Million Euros through a Reserved Offering aimed at categories of institutional investors  and a PrimaryBid Offering aimed at retail investors via the PrimaryBid platformSubscription commitments from existing shareholders and Directors of the Company for a total of 14.4 Million EurosConcomitant sale of a maximum of 125 000 existing shares held by Seventure Partners  representing approximately 1% of the share capital for a maximum amount of 1 Million eurosOffering Price of new shares of €8 per shareClosing of the Primary Bid Offering on May 14  2024  at 10 pm (CET) and of the Reserved Offering on May 15  2024 before market opening subject to early closingThe funds raised will be used to fund the company's R&D activities  covering completion of the Phase 3 trial for MaaT013 in Europe  including top-line results/primary endpoint in mid Q4 2024  r continuing the pipeline development  including the initiation of Phase 3 trial activities for MaaT013 in the US and for working capital and other general corporate purposes  including repayment of current debts Lyon  France  14 May 2024 - 5.45 pm CET -MaaT Pharma(EURONEXT: MAAT - the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to enhancing survival for patients with cancer  today announces the launch of an offering of approximately 18 million euros  comprising a reserved offering of new ordinary shares to categories of investors and a public offering of new ordinary shares to retail investors (via the PrimaryBid platform) (the ""Primary Offering"")  and a sale of existing shares for 1 million euros  at a price of €8 per share (the ""Offering Price""). MaaT Pharma will use the net proceeds of the Primary Offering to fund the continued development of its Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM  including: completion of the Phase 3 trial for MaaT013 in Europe  including top-line results/primary endpoint expected in mid-Q4 2024;top-line results/primary endpoint expected in mid-Q4 2024; refining the pipeline development  encompassing the initiation of Phase 3 trial activities for MaaT013 in the US and the broadening of the Phase 2b trial with MaaT033 across Europe; andworking capital and other general corporate purposes  including repayment of current debts. 1/8In the context of the Global Offering  the Company benefits from the long-term support of its historical shareholders Bpifrance Investissement  Biocodex and Seventure Partners who have committed themselves to subscribe for a total amount of €14.3m in the Global Offering  subject to the Reserved Offering representing at least €17 million. Excluding the proceeds of the Reserved Offering  on the basis of planned expenditure  total cash and cash equivalents as of March 31  2024  of €18.2 million (unaudited)  the Company estimates that it will be able to fund its operations until the end of September 2024. On the same basis  including the proceeds of the Reserved Offering representing more than €17 million  the Company estimates that it will be able to finance its operations into early Q1 2025. The Company is also engaged to seek further financing dilutive and/or non-dilutive financing solutions to finance operations beyond early Q1 2025 and remains confident in extending its cash runway to meet its financial obligations over the next 12 months. The Company reports in parallel revenues of EUR 0.8 million for the first quarter of 2024 compared with EUR 0.7 million for the same period of 2023  in relation to its Early Access Program for MaaT013 in Europe. Concurrently with the Primary Offering  certain funds managed by Seventure Partners (together  the ""Selling Shareholder"") will sell a maximum of 125 000 shares  representing a maximum amount of 1 million euros (the ""Secondary Offering"" and together with the Primary Offering  the ""Global Offering""). These funds are currently in a divestment period and are progressively selling the shares they hold in the Company  but Seventure Partners will continue to support the development and growth of the Company and has committed to participate to the Reserved Offering through other funds. Hervé Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma  commented: ""We are pleased to announce a capital increase at a price of €8 per share with €14 4 million already committed by our longstanding investors and management. While anchored around our historical investors  this offering is strategically aimed at continuing expanding our shareholder base through retail investors  further increasing our market float. Thus  we have partnered with the PrimaryBid platform to offer them the opportunity to join us under the same conditions as institutional investors. This transaction will enable us to finalize and present the primary endpoint of the Phase 3 trial of our lead product  MaaT013  in acute graft-versus-host disease  and to support the increase of maturity of our pipeline  including the expansion in the US. Encouraged by the positive clinical data from our recent early access program  we are highly motivated to push forward in our development efforts. We are dedicated to a structured approach that aims to bring innovative therapeutic solutions to patients who are battling diseases with limited treatment options and challenging prognoses."" Terms and Conditions of the Global Offering The Global Offering will be carried out in three concomitant components under the same pricing conditions: a reserved offering (the "" Reserved Offering "") of new ordinary shares without pre-emptive subscription rights  to specific categories of investors  namely: (i) natural person(s) or legal entity(ies)  including companies  trusts  investment funds or other investment vehicles  in any form  established under French or foreign law  that regularly invest in the pharmaceutical  biotechnological or medical technologies sectors  2/8as the case may be  when an industrial  commercial  licensing  research or partnership agreement is entered into with the Company; and/or (ii) company(ies)  institution(s) or entity(ies) in any form  French or foreign  which conduct a significant portion of their business in these sectors or in the field of cosmetics or chemicals or medical devices or research in these fields  or having entered into an industrial commercial  licensing  research or partnership agreement with the Company  in accordance with the 25th resolution of the annual general meeting of June 19  2023 (the ""AGM"") and pursuant to article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code a public offering of new ordinary shares  aimed at retail investors via the PrimaryBid platform  which will be carried out via an allocation proportional to demand  limited to the amount allocated to this public offering  with allocations reduced should demand exceed this limit  in accordance with the 23 rd resolution of the AGM and pursuant to article L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code and article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "" PrimaryBid Offering "")   andresolution of the AGM and pursuant to article L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code and article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "" "")   and a sale of up to 125 000 existing ordinary shares representing a maximum amount of 1 Million euros held by the Selling Shareholder to the same specific categories of investors defined in the Reserved Offering. The total amount of the Global Offering would be approximately 18 million euros  with a possibility to increase this total amount  subject to investor demand. The amount of the Global Offering will depend exclusively on the orders received for each of the above-mentioned components  with no possibility of reallocating the amounts committed to the Reserved Offering and the Secondary Offering  to the PrimaryBid Offering. The PrimaryBid Offering to retail investors is incidental to the Reserved Offering and may not exceed 20% of the total amount of the Global Offering. In any event  the PrimaryBid Offering will not be carried out if the Reserved Offering does not occur. The Offering Price of the new shares will be at a price of €8 per share  representing an approximate discount of 15% of the Company's shares on the Euronext Paris regulated market at the time of the last trading session preceding announcement (i.e. May 13  2024)  in compliance with the 25th  23rd and 27th resolutions of the Company. The Offering Price of the new ordinary shares issued under the PrimaryBid Offering and of the existing shares sold in the Secondary Offering will be equal to the price of the new ordinary shares issued under the Reserved Offering. The Reserved Offering and the Secondary Offering will be carried out by ""accelerated bookbuilding""  at the end of which the number of new shares to be issued and the price per share will be determined by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company  pursuant to and within the limits of the sub-delegations of authority granted by the Board of Directors of the Company as of the date of this press release and in accordance with the resolutions of the AGM. The accelerated book-building process for the Reserved Offering and the Secondary Offering will be initiated immediately following the publication of this press release and is expected to close before markets open tomorrow  subject to early closing. The PrimaryBid Offering will also begin immediately and is expected to close at 10 p.m. today  subject to early closing. The Company will announce the results of the Global Offering by press release afterthe order book closes  tomorrow before the market opens. The Reserved Offering will be available  within the categories of investors defined above  (i) to institutional investorsin France  outside France with the exception of the United States  Canada  Australia and Japan and  solely within 3/8the categories of investors specifically provided for in the 25th resolution mentioned above  and (ii) to certaininstitutional investors in the United States. Settlement-delivery of the new ordinary shares and their admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris are expected to occur on May 17  2024. The new shares will be of the same class and fungible with the existing shares  will carry all rights attached to the shares  and will be admitted to trading on the Euronext Paris marketunder the same ISIN code FR0012634822 - MAAT. Shareholders' subscription and lock-up agreements Current shareholders Bpifrance Investissement  Biocodex and Seventure Partners which hold 15 51%  10 62% and 22 31% of the Company's share capital  respectively on a non-dilutive basis  have pledged to subscribe €8 million €5 million and €1.3 million respectively in the Reserved Offering  subject for the Reserved Offering representing at least €17 million. The Management of the Company has pledged to subscribe €100 000 in the Reserved Offering. The subscription commitments received by the Company  as detailed above  thus represent a total of €14.4 million. The press release announcing the results of the Global Offering will set out the shareholding resulting from thetransaction. The independent directors of the Company were called upon to vote alone on the transaction  unanimously approved both the principle of the transaction and its terms. Mr. Hervé Affagard  Mrs Isabelle de Crémoux forSeventure Partners  and Mr. Jean-MarieLefèvre for Biocodex  did not take part in the vote of this decision. In connection with the Reserved Offering  participating Directors and certain existing shareholders namely  Seventure Partners  Biocodex and Bpifrance Investissement have respectively entered into a lock-upagreement with the Placement Agent for a period ending 90 days after the settlement and delivery date of the Offering  subjectto customary exceptions. In connection with the Reserved Offering  the Company has undertaken to refrain from issuing shares for a period of 90 days from the settlement-deliverydate of the Offer  subject to customaryexceptions. Financial Intermediaries Stifel Europe AG (""Stifel"") are acting as Global Coordinator and Joint Bookrunner in connection with the Reserved Offering. Gilbert Dupont SNC  Groupe Société Générale  is acting as Joint Bookrunner in connection with the Reserved Offering. Stifel is also acting as Centralizing Agent (together  the ""Placement Agents""). The Reserved Offering is subject to a placement agreement entered into between the Company and the Placement Agents dated May 14  2024. Within the framework of the PrimaryBid Offering  investors may only subscribe via the PrimaryBid Partners mentioned on the PrimaryBid website. The PrimaryBid Offering is subject to an engagement letter entered into between the Company and PrimaryBid and is not subject to a placement agreement. Prospectus 4/8In connection with the Reserved Offering  a listing prospectus will be submitted to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the ""AMF"") prior to the settlement and delivery of the new ordinary shares (the ""Prospectus""). The Prospectus will consist of (i) the Company's universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 2  2024  under number D.24-0225  with its amendment to be filed with the AMF  and (ii) a securities note including the summary of the Prospectus. This Prospectus will be available on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org) and on the Company's website (www.maatpharma.com/) and may be obtained free of charge from the Company's registered office. This press release does not constitute a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended  or a public offering. Risk factors The public's attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to the Company and its business  presented in chapter 3 of the universal registration document 2024 approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 02  2024  which is available free of charge on the Company's website (www.maatpharma.com) and the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org). The occurrence of any or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on the Company's business  financial situation  results  development or prospects. In addition  investors are invited to consider the following risks specific to the issue: (i) the market price of the Company's shares could fluctuate and fall below the Offering Price of the shares issued under the Offer  (ii) the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares could fluctuate significantly  (iii) sales of the Company's shares could occur on the market and have an unfavorable impact on the Company's share price  and (iv) the Company's shareholders could suffer potentially significant dilution as a result of any future capital increases made necessary by the Company's search for financing. About MaaT Pharma MaaT Pharma  a leading clinical-stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma initiated an open-label single-arm Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute GvHD  building on the positive results of its Phase 2 proof-of-concept study. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  enables the identification of novel disease targets  evaluation of drug candidates  and identification of biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company's Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT). Forward-looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company's control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as ""target "" ""believe "" ""expect "" ""aim "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""anticipate "" ""estimate "" ""plan "" ""project "" ""will "" ""can have "" ""likely "" ""should "" ""would "" ""could"" and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward- looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company's control that could cause the Company's actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Contacts 5/8MaaT Pharma - Investor MaaT Pharma - Media Relations Trophic Communications - Relations Pauline RICHAUD Corporate Communications Guilhaume DEBROAS  Ph.D. Senior PR & Corporate Jacob VERGHESE or Head of Investor Relations Communications Manager Priscillia PERRIN +33 6 16 48 92 50 +33 6 14 06 45 92 +49 151 7441 6179 invest@maat-pharma.com media@maat-pharma.com maat@trophic.eu Disclaimer This press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions. This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended  the ""Prospectus Regulation""). Any decision to purchase shares must be made solely on the basis of publicly available information on the Company. In France  the offer of MaaT Pharma shares described below will be made in the context of (i) a capital increase reserved to specified categories of beneficiaries  pursuant to article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code and applicable regulatory provisions and (ii) a public offering primarily intended to retail investors through the PrimaryBid platform  pursuant to article L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code and article L.411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Pursuant to article 211-3 of the General regulations of the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers) (the ""AMF"") and articles 1(4) and 3 of the Prospectus Regulation  the offer of MaaT Pharma shares will not require the publication of a prospectus approved by the AMF. With respect to Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been taken or will be taken to permit a public offering of the securities referred to in this press release requiring the publication of a prospectus in any Member State. Therefore  such securities may not be and shall not be offered in any Member State other than in accordance with the exemptions of Article 1(4) of Prospectus Regulation or  otherwise  in cases not requiring the publication of a prospectus under Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or the applicable regulations in such Member State. This press release and the information it contains are being distributed to and are only intended for persons who are (x) outside the United Kingdom or (y) in the United Kingdom and are (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"")  (ii) high net worth entities and other such persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (""high net worth companies""  ""unincorporated associations""  etc.) or (iii) other persons to whom an invitation or inducement to participate in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Market Act 2000) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons in (y)(i)  (y)(ii) and (y)(iii) together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). Any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire securities to which this press release relates will only be engaged with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this press release or any of its contents. 6/8",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.28,0.41,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Inside Information', 'News release', 'accounts', 'results', 'other general corporate purposes', 'R&D activities', 'top-line results/primary endpoint', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'non-dilutive financing solutions', 'Early Access Program', 'Phase 3 trial activities', 'Phase 2b trial', 'new ordinary shares', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Primary Bid Offering', 'INFORMATION PURPOSES', 'OTHER ENTITY', 'new shares', 'financing dilutive', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'early Q1', 'Primary Offering', 'other funds', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'UNITED STATES', '18 Million Euros', '17 Million Euros', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'Subscription commitments', 'existing shareholders', '14.4 Million Euros', '125,000 existing shares', 'Seventure Partners', '1 Million euros', 'market opening', 'mid Q4', 'working capital', 'current debts', 'long-term support', 'historical shareholders', 'Bpifrance Investissement', 'planned expenditure', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'financial obligations', 'next 12 months', 'parallel revenues', 'first quarter', 'same period', 'Selling Shareholder', 'divestment period', 'Hervé Affagard', 'capital increase', 'Global Offering', 'Reserved Offering', 'PrimaryBid Offering', 'public offering', 'Secondary Offering', 'MAAT PHARMA', 'institutional investors', 'retail investors', 'early closing', 'total amount', 'total cash', 'pipeline development', 'continued development', 'Concomitant sale', 'maximum amount', 'same basis', 'Offering Price', 'net proceeds', 'share capital', 'The Company', '125,000 shares', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'RELEASE', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'REPUBLIC', 'INVITATION', 'SOLICITATION', 'RECOMMENDATION', 'ADVICE', 'PERSON', 'ACQUIRE', 'DISPOSE', 'SECURITIES', 'categories', 'Directors', 'May', 'completion', 'MaaT013', 'Europe', 'initiation', 'repayment', 'Lyon', 'CET', 'EURONEXT', 'leader', 'survival', 'patients', 'cancer', 'launch', 'mid-Q4', 'broadening', 'MaaT033', 'context', 'Biocodex', 'March', 'operations', 'September', 'relation', 'growth', 'CEO', 'founder', '10', '5.45']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNATE-PHARMA-35620/news/Innate-Pharma-Reports-First-Quarter-2024-Business-Update-and-Financial-Results-46712227/,Innate Pharma Reports First Quarter 2024 Business Update and Financial Results,(marketscreener.com) First preclinical data set for IPH45  a pre-IND anti-Nectin-4 Antibody Drug Conjugate  presented as an oral presentation at AACR 2024Progression of Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager SAR443579/IPH6101 to Phase 2 in blood cancersFi…,"First preclinical data set for IPH45  a pre-IND anti-Nectin-4 Antibody Drug Conjugate  presented as an oral presentation at AACR 2024 Progression of Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager SAR443579/IPH6101 to Phase 2 in blood cancers Five ASCO Annual Meeting 2024 abstracts: Final TELLOMAK Phase 2 data for lacutamab in Mycosis Fungoides Two posters on IPH6501  Innate's second generation ANKET® in B‑cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma AstraZeneca to present poster on updated results for monalizumab from Phase 2 stage III unresectable NSCLC trial Monalizumab SCLC Phase 2 MOZART trial poster Cash position of €113.9 million1 as of March 31  2024 (not including the €4.0 million payment to be received from Sanofi)  anticipated cash runway into end 2025 Conference call to be held today at 2:00 p.m. CEST / 8:00 a.m. EDTRegulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today reported its consolidated financial results for the quarter ending March 31  2024.“We are executing our strategy of building on our partnered drug candidates while advancing our next generation of proprietary medicines ” said Hervé Brailly  Chief Executive Officer ad interim of Innate Pharma. “Our second generation ANKET®  IPH6501 began clinical development for NHL. We presented preclinical data for IPH45  our Nectin-4 ADC  at the recently held AACR Annual Meeting. Our partner Sanofi also advanced SAR443579  a tri-functional NK Cell Engager targeting CD123  to Phase 2 in blood cancer. We expect to have several data presentations at ASCO  including data from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial with lacutamab in mycosis fungoides  as we prepare to submit an IND for IPH45 later this year.”Webcast and conference call will be held today at 2:00pm CEST (8:00am EDT) The live webcast will be available at the following link: https://events.q4inc.com/attendee/244650312 Participants may also join via telephone using the following registration link: https://registrations.events/direct/Q4I9730892 This information can also be found on the Investors section of the Innate Pharma website  www.innate-pharma.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the Company website for 90 days following the event.1 Including short term investments (€21.3 million) and non-current financial instruments (€10.1 million).Pipeline highlights:Lacutamab (anti-KIR3DL2 antibody):Cutaneous T Cell lymphomaTELLOMAK is a global  open-label  multi-cohort Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating lacutamab in patients with Sézary syndrome and mycosis fungoides (MF).Top-line results in MF patients will be presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting 2024 being held May 31 – June 4 in Chicago. Title of the abstract is: Lacutamab in patients with relapsed and/or refractory mycosis fungoides: results from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial. The full abstract will be released at 5:00 PM ET on Thursday  May 23  2024 on the ASCO Annual Meeting website.In January 2024  Innate announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has lifted the partial clinical hold previously placed on the lacutamab IND on October 2023 following a patient death in the TELLOMAK study. The FDA decision to lift the partial clinical hold is based on the FDA review of the fatal case which Innate  together with a steering committee of independent experts  determined to be related to aggressive disease progression and lacutamab unrelated.Peripheral T Cell lymphoma (PTCL)The Phase 2 KILT (anti-KIR in T Cell Lymphoma) trial  an investigator-sponsored  randomized controlled trial led by the Lymphoma Study Association (LYSA) to evaluate lacutamab in combination with chemotherapy GEMOX (gemcitabine in combination with oxaliplatin) versus GEMOX alone in patients with KIR3DL2-expressing relapsed/refractory PTCL is ongoing and continues to recruit patients.ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics):ANKET® is Innate’s proprietary platform for developing next-generation  multi-specific NK cell engagers to treat certain types of cancer. Innate’s pipeline includes five public drug candidates born from the ANKET® platform: SAR443579 (SAR’579/IPH6101) (CD123-targeted)  SAR445514 (SAR’514/IPH6401) (BCMA-targeted)  IPH62 (B7-H3-targeted)  IPH67 (target undisclosed  solid tumors) and tetra-specific IPH6501 (CD20-targeted with IL‑2v). Several other undisclosed proprietary preclinical targets are being explored.IPH6501 (proprietary)IPH6501 is Innate’s proprietary CD20-targeted IL-2v bearing second-generation ANKET®.Innate will present 2 posters on IPH6501 at the upcoming ASCO Annual Meeting 2024  being held from May 31 to June 4 in Chicago. Titles of the abstract are: A Phase 1/2  Open-Label  Multicenter Trial Investigating the Safety  Tolerability  and Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity of IPH6501 in Patients With Relapsed and/or Refractory CD20-expressing Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma Preclinical assessment of IPH6501  a first-in-class IL2v-armed tetraspecific NK Cell Engager directed against CD20 for R/R B-NHL  in comparison to a CD20-targeting T Cell EngagerThe full abstracts will be released at 5:00 PM ET on Thursday  May 23  2024 on the ASCO Annual Meeting website.In March 2024 the first patient was dosed in the Phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating IPH6501 in B cell Non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (B-NHL). The study is planned to enroll up to 184 patients.SAR443579  SAR445514  IPH62 and IPH67 (under development by Sanofi)SAR443579/IPH6101The Phase 1/2 clinical trial  currently under development  by Sanofi is progressing well  evaluating SAR443579 / IPH6101  a trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46×CD16 NK cell engager and ANKET® platform lead asset  in patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) or high-risk myelodysplastic syndrome (HR-MDS).In April 2024  Sanofi advanced SAR443579 / IPH6101  to the Phase 2 dose expansion of the trial. Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration with Sanofi  the progression to the dose expansion part of the trial has triggered a milestone payment from Sanofi to Innate of €4m (which has been booked as revenue in the first quarter but had not been received from Sanofi in the quarter  and has therefore not been included in the cash position).SAR445514/IPH6401The Sanofi led Phase 1/2 clinical trial with SAR’514 / IPH6401  a trifunctional anti-BCMA Nkp46xCD16 NK cell engager  in patients with Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma and Relapsed/Refractory Light-chain Amyloidosis is ongoing.IPH62IPH62 is a NK cell engager program targeting B7-H3 from Innate’s ANKET® platform under development. Upon candidate selection  Sanofi will be responsible for all development  manufacturing and commercialization.IPH67IPH67 is a NK cell engager program in solid tumors from Innate’s ANKET® platform under development. Following a research collaboration period  Sanofi will be responsible for all development  manufacturing and commercialization.Sanofi still retains the option of one additional ANKET® target under the terms of the 2022 research collaboration and license agreement.Antibody Drug Conjugates:Innate develops different approaches for the treatment of cancer utilizing its antibody engineering capabilities to deliver novel assets  with its innovative ANKET® platform and is also exploring Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADC) formats.Beyond its proprietary programs  Innate has an ongoing agreement with Takeda on ADCs.IPH45 (Nectin-4 ADC):IPH45 is Innate’s proprietary and differentiated exatecan-Antibody Drug Conjugate (ADC) targeting Nectin-4.First preclinical data were presented in an oral presentation at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting 2024. In preclinical studies  IPH45 shows anti-tumor efficacy in vivo  in Nectin-4 expressing tumors including in Enfortumab Vedotin (EV) refractory models. Importantly  IPH45 shows stronger activity than EV  in multiple urothelial carcinoma patient-derived xenografted (PDX) mice models  across Nectin-4 high and Nectin-4 low expression levels. In addition  IPH45 has anti-tumor activity in combination with anti-PD1 treatment in PD-1 resistant model in vivo and has a favorable safety profile in relevant animal toxicology models.IPH45 continues towards IND filing in 2024.Monalizumab (anti-NKG2A antibody)  partnered with AstraZeneca:The Phase 3 PACIFIC-9 trial run by AstraZeneca evaluating durvalumab (anti-PD-L1) in combination with monalizumab or AstraZeneca’s oleclumab (anti-CD73) in patients with unresectable  Stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have not progressed following definitive platinum-based concurrent chemoradiation therapy (CRT) is ongoing.AstraZeneca will present a poster at ASCO titled: “Updated results from COAST  a phase 2 study of durvalumab (D) ± oleclumab (O) or monalizumab (M) in patients (pts) with stage III unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (uNSCLC).”A poster at ASCO will also be presented titled “A phase II trial of monalizumab in combination with durvalumab (MEDI4736) plus platinum-based chemotherapy for first-line treatment of extensive stage small cell lung cancer (MOZART): Hoosier Cancer Research Network LUN21-530 study.”IPH5201 (anti-CD39)  partnered with AstraZeneca:The MATISSE Phase 2 clinical trial conducted by Innate in neoadjuvant lung cancer for IPH5201  an anti-CD39 blocking monoclonal antibody developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca  is ongoing and recruitment is on track.IPH5301 (anti-CD73):The investigator-sponsored CHANCES Phase 1 trial of IPH5301 by Institut Paoli-Calmettes is ongoing.Corporate Update:Early January 2024  two new Executive Board members were appointed. Arvind Sood  Executive Vice President (EVP)  President of US Operations  Dr Sonia Quaratino  EVP  Chief Medical Officer  joining Hervé Brailly  interim Chief Executive Officer and Yannis Morel  EVP  appointed Chief Operating Officer.In connection with Innate’s previous announcement that it had established an at-the-market (“ATM”) program  on January 16  2024 Innate filed a new Registration Statement on Form F-3 (Registration No. 333-276164). On February 6  2024  Innate filed a prospectus supplement relating to its previously established ATM program  pursuant to which it may  from time to time  offer and sell to eligible investors a total gross amount of up to $75 million of American Depositary Shares (“ADS”). Each ADS represents one ordinary share of Innate. As of March 31  2024  no sales have been made under the program.Financial Results:Cash  cash equivalents and financial assets of the Company amounted to €113.9 million as of March 31  2024. At the same date  financial liabilities amounted to €37.7 million. Cash  cash equivalents and financial assets as of March 31  2024 do not include the €4.0 million payment to be received from Sanofi.Revenues for the first three months of 2024 amounted to €6.6 million (€26.0 million for the same period in 2023). For the three-month period  ended March 31  2024  revenue from collaboration and licensing agreements mainly results from the partial or entire recognition of the proceeds received pursuant to the agreements with AstraZeneca and Sanofi.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on LinkedIn and X.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513799097/en/",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Business Update', 'Innate Pharma Reports', 'Financial Results', 'Phase 2 stage III unresectable NSCLC trial Monalizumab SCLC Phase 2 MOZART trial poster', 'A Phase 1/2, Open-Label, Multicenter Trial', 'global, open-label, multi-cohort Phase 2 clinical trial', 'Refractory CD20-expressing Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma Preclinical assessment', 'Several other undisclosed proprietary preclinical targets', 'Chief Executive Officer ad interim', 'next-generation, multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'IL2v-armed tetraspecific NK Cell Engager', 'IND anti-Nectin-4 Antibody Drug Conjugate', 'Five ASCO Annual Meeting 2024 abstracts', 'investigator-sponsored, randomized controlled trial', 'Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager', 'tri-functional NK Cell Engager', 'CD20-targeting T Cell Engager', 'Cutaneous T Cell lymphoma', 'Peripheral T Cell lymphoma', 'five public drug candidates', 'upcoming ASCO Annual Meeting', 'Final TELLOMAK Phase 2 data', 'ASCO Annual Meeting website', 'TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial', 'B‑cell Non-Hodgkin', 'AACR Annual Meeting', 'several data presentations', 'partnered drug candidates', 'First preclinical data', 'partial clinical hold', 'Lymphoma Study Association', 'short term investments', 'non-current financial instruments', 'Sézary syndrome', 'refractory mycosis fungoides', 'Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity', 'proprietary CD20-targeted IL-2v', 'aggressive disease progression', 'end 2025 Conference call', 'consolidated financial results', 'following registration link', 'The FDA decision', 'KIR3DL2-expressing relapsed/refractory PTCL', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma website', 'Phase 2 KILT', 'target undisclosed', 'Lymphoma AstraZeneca', 'clinical development', 'KIR3DL2 antibody', 'Drug Administration', 'full abstracts', 'TELLOMAK study', 'AACR 2024 Progression', 'following link', 'proprietary medicines', 'proprietary platform', 'Company website', 'oral presentation', 'blood cancers', 'second generation', 'updated results', 'Cash position', '€4.0 million payment', 'cash runway', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'next generation', 'Hervé Brailly', 'Nectin-4 ADC', 'Investors section', 'Top-line results', 'US Food', 'patient death', 'FDA review', 'fatal case', 'steering committee', 'independent experts', 'solid tumors', 'IL‑2v', 'R/R B-NHL', 'lacutamab IND', 'Two posters', '2:00pm CEST', 'Pipeline highlights', 'live webcast', 'ANKET® platform', 'second-generation ANKET®', 'tetra-specific IPH6501', 'MF patients', '2 posters', 'IPH45', 'IPH6101', 'March', 'EDT', 'Nasdaq', 'IPHA', 'quarter', 'strategy', 'CD123', '00am', 'events', 'q4inc', 'Participants', 'telephone', 'registrations', 'information', 'innate-pharma', 'replay', '90 days', 'June', 'Chicago', 'Title', '5:00 PM', 'Thursday', 'May', 'January', 'October', 'LYSA', 'combination', 'chemotherapy', 'GEMOX', 'gemcitabine', 'oxaliplatin', 'types', 'SAR', 'IPH6401', 'BCMA', 'IPH62', 'B7', 'IPH67', 'Safety', 'Tolerability', 'class', 'comparison', '8:00', '4650312']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/innate-pharma-reports-first-quarter-2024-business-update-and-financial-results-93CH-3438554,Innate Pharma Reports First Quarter 2024 Business Update and Financial Results By Investing.com,Innate Pharma Reports First Quarter 2024 Business Update and Financial Results,"First preclinical data set for IPH45  a pre-IND anti-Nectin-4 Antibody Drug Conjugate  presented as an oral presentation at AACR 2024Progression of Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager SAR443579/IPH6101 to Phase 2 in blood cancersFive ASCO Annual Meeting 2024 abstracts: Final TELLOMAK Phase 2 data for lacutamab in Mycosis Fungoides Two posters on IPH6501  Innate's second generation ANKET ® in B‘cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma AstraZeneca (NASDAQ: ) to present poster on updated results for monalizumab from Phase 2 stage III unresectable NSCLC trial Monalizumab SCLC Phase 2 MOZART trial posterCash position of €113.9 million1 as of March 31  2024 (not including the €4.0 million payment to be received from Sanofi (NASDAQ: ))  anticipated cash runway into end 2025Conference call to be held today at 2:00 p.m. CEST / 8:00 a.m. EDTMARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (OTC: ) (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (Innate or the Company) today reported its consolidated financial results for the quarter ending March 31  2024.We are executing our strategy of building on our partnered drug candidates while advancing our next generation of proprietary medicines  said HervÃ© Brailly  Chief Executive Officer ad interim of Innate Pharma. Our second generation ANKET ®  IPH6501 began clinical development for NHL. We presented preclinical data for IPH45  our Nectin-4 ADC  at the recently held AACR Annual Meeting. Our partner Sanofi also advanced SAR443579  a tri-functional NK Cell Engager targeting CD123  to Phase 2 in blood cancer. We expect to have several data presentations at ASCO  including data from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial with lacutamab in mycosis fungoides  as we prepare to submit an IND for IPH45 later this year.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorWebcast and conference call will be held today at 2:00pm CEST (8:00am EDT) The live webcast will be available at the following link: https://events.q4inc.com/attendee/244650312 Participants may also join via telephone using the following registration link: https://registrations.events/direct/Q4I9730892 This information can also be found on the Investors section of the Innate Pharma website  www.innate-pharma.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the Company website for 90 days following the event.1 Including short term investments ( €21.3 million) and non-current financial instruments ( €10.1 million).Pipeline highlights:Lacutamab (anti-KIR3DL2 antibody):Cutaneous T Cell lymphomaTELLOMAK is a global  open-label  multi-cohort Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating lacutamab in patients with SÃ©zary syndrome and mycosis fungoides (MF).Top-line results in MF patients will be presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting 2024 being held May 31 “ June 4 in Chicago. Title of the abstract is: Lacutamab in patients with relapsed and/or refractory mycosis fungoides: results from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial. The full abstract will be released at 5:00 PM ET on Thursday  May 23  2024 on the ASCO Annual Meeting website.In January 2024  Innate announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has lifted the partial clinical hold previously placed on the lacutamab IND on October 2023 following a patient death in the TELLOMAK study. The FDA decision to lift the partial clinical hold is based on the FDA review of the fatal case which Innate  together with a steering committee of independent experts  determined to be related to aggressive disease progression and lacutamab unrelated.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorPeripheral T Cell lymphoma (PTCL)The Phase 2 KILT (anti-KIR in T Cell Lymphoma) trial  an investigator-sponsored  randomized controlled trial led by the Lymphoma Study Association (LYSA) to evaluate lacutamab in combination with chemotherapy GEMOX (gemcitabine in combination with oxaliplatin) versus GEMOX alone in patients with KIR3DL2-expressing relapsed/refractory PTCL is ongoing and continues to recruit patients.ANKET ® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics):ANKET ® is Innate's proprietary platform for developing next-generation  multi-specific NK cell engagers to treat certain types of cancer. Innate's pipeline includes five public drug candidates born from the ANKET ® platform: SAR443579 (SAR'579/IPH6101) (CD123-targeted)  SAR445514 (SAR'514/IPH6401) (BCMA-targeted)  IPH62 (B7-H3-targeted)  IPH67 (target undisclosed  solid tumors) and tetra-specific IPH6501 (CD20-targeted with IL‘2v). Several other undisclosed proprietary preclinical targets are being explored.IPH6501 (proprietary)IPH6501 is Innate's proprietary CD20-targeted IL-2v bearing second-generation ANKET ®.Innate will present 2 posters on IPH6501 at the upcoming ASCO Annual Meeting 2024  being held from May 31 to June 4 in Chicago. Titles of the abstract are: A Phase 1/2  Open-Label  Multicenter Trial Investigating the Safety  Tolerability  and Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity of IPH6501 in Patients With Relapsed and/or Refractory CD20-expressing Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma Preclinical assessment of IPH6501  a first-in-class IL2v-armed tetraspecific NK Cell Engager directed against CD20 for R/R B-NHL  in comparison to a CD20-targeting T Cell EngagerThe full abstracts will be released at 5:00 PM ET on Thursday  May 23  2024 on the ASCO Annual Meeting website.In March 2024 the first patient was dosed in the Phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating IPH6501 in B cell Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (B-NHL). The study is planned to enroll up to 184 patients.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorSAR443579  SAR445514  IPH62 and IPH67 (under development by Sanofi)SAR443579/IPH6101The Phase 1/2 clinical trial  currently under development  by Sanofi is progressing well  evaluating SAR443579 / IPH6101  a trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46Ã—CD16 NK cell engager and ANKET ® platform lead asset  in patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) or high-risk myelodysplastic syndrome (HR-MDS).In April 2024  Sanofi advanced SAR443579 / IPH6101  to the Phase 2 dose expansion of the trial. Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration with Sanofi  the progression to the dose expansion part of the trial has triggered a milestone payment from Sanofi to Innate of €4m (which has been booked as revenue in the first quarter but had not been received from Sanofi in the quarter  and has therefore not been included in the cash position).SAR445514/IPH6401The Sanofi led Phase 1/2 clinical trial with SAR'514 / IPH6401  a trifunctional anti-BCMA Nkp46xCD16 NK cell engager  in patients with Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma and Relapsed/Refractory Light-chain Amyloidosis is ongoing.IPH62IPH62 is a NK cell engager program targeting B7-H3 from Innate's ANKET ® platform under development. Upon candidate selection  Sanofi will be responsible for all development  manufacturing and commercialization.IPH67IPH67 is a NK cell engager program in solid tumors from Innate's ANKET ® platform under development. Following a research collaboration period  Sanofi will be responsible for all development  manufacturing and commercialization.Sanofi still retains the option of one additional ANKET ® target under the terms of the 2022 research collaboration and license agreement.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorAntibody Drug Conjugates:Innate develops different approaches for the treatment of cancer utilizing its antibody engineering capabilities to deliver novel assets  with its innovative ANKET ® platform and is also exploring Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADC) formats.Beyond its proprietary programs  Innate has an ongoing agreement with Takeda on ADCs.IPH45 (Nectin-4 ADC):IPH45 is Innate's proprietary and differentiated exatecan-Antibody Drug Conjugate (ADC) targeting Nectin-4.First preclinical data were presented in an oral presentation at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting 2024. In preclinical studies  IPH45 shows anti-tumor efficacy in vivo  in Nectin-4 expressing tumors including in Enfortumab Vedotin (EV) refractory models. Importantly  IPH45 shows stronger activity than EV  in multiple urothelial carcinoma patient-derived xenografted (PDX) mice models  across Nectin-4 high and Nectin-4 low expression levels. In addition  IPH45 has anti-tumor activity in combination with anti-PD1 treatment in PD-1 resistant model in vivo and has a favorable safety profile in relevant animal toxicology models.IPH45 continues towards IND filing in 2024.Monalizumab (anti-NKG2A antibody)  partnered with AstraZeneca:The Phase 3 PACIFIC-9 trial run by AstraZeneca evaluating durvalumab (anti-PD-L1) in combination with monalizumab or AstraZeneca's oleclumab (anti-CD73) in patients with unresectable  Stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have not progressed following definitive platinum-based concurrent chemoradiation therapy (CRT) is ongoing.AstraZeneca will present a poster at ASCO titled: Updated results from COAST  a phase 2 study of durvalumab (D) ± oleclumab (O) or monalizumab (M) in patients (pts) with stage III unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (uNSCLC).A poster at ASCO will also be presented titled A phase II trial of monalizumab in combination with durvalumab (MEDI4736) plus platinum-based chemotherapy for first-line treatment of extensive stage small cell lung cancer (MOZART): Hoosier Cancer Research Network LUN21-530 study.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorIPH5201 (anti-CD39)  partnered with AstraZeneca:The MATISSE Phase 2 clinical trial conducted by Innate in neoadjuvant lung cancer for IPH5201  an anti-CD39 blocking monoclonal antibody developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca  is ongoing and recruitment is on track.IPH5301 (anti-CD73):The investigator-sponsored CHANCES Phase 1 trial of IPH5301 by Institut Paoli-Calmettes is ongoing.Corporate Update:Early January 2024  two new Executive Board members were appointed. Arvind Sood  Executive Vice President (EVP)  President of US Operations  Dr Sonia Quaratino  EVP  Chief Medical Officer  joining HervÃ© Brailly  interim Chief Executive Officer and Yannis Morel  EVP  appointed Chief Operating Officer.In connection with Innate's previous announcement that it had established an at-the-market (A™) program  on January 16  2024 Innate filed a new Registration Statement on Form F-3 (Registration No. 333-276164). On February 6  2024  Innate filed a prospectus supplement relating to its previously established A™ program  pursuant to which it may  from time to time  offer and sell to eligible investors a total gross amount of up to $75 million of American Depositary Shares (ADS). Each ADS represents one ordinary share of Innate. As of March 31  2024  no sales have been made under the program.Financial Results:Cash  cash equivalents and financial assets of the Company amounted to €113.9 million as of March 31  2024. At the same date  financial liabilities amounted to €37.7 million. Cash  cash equivalents and financial assets as of March 31  2024 do not include the €4.0 million payment to be received from Sanofi.Revenues for the first three months of 2024 amounted to €6.6 million ( €26.0 million for the same period in 2023). For the three-month period  ended March 31  2024  revenue from collaboration and licensing agreements mainly results from the partial or entire recognition of the proceeds received pursuant to the agreements with AstraZeneca and Sanofi.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorAbout Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate's portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on LinkedIn and X.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including believe  potential  expect and will and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company's commercialization efforts and the Company's continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma's website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorThis press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513799097/en/InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouillÃ©Tel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.euSource: Innate Pharma SA",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Business Update', 'Innate Pharma Reports', 'Financial Results', 'Investing.com', 'stage III unresectable NSCLC trial Monalizumab SCLC Phase 2', 'global, open-label, multi-cohort Phase 2 clinical trial', 'A Phase 1/2, Open-Label, Multicenter Trial', 'Several other undisclosed proprietary preclinical targets', 'Chief Executive Officer ad interim', 'next-generation, multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'Five ASCO Annual Meeting 2024 abstracts', 'IND anti-Nectin-4 Antibody Drug Conjugate', 'Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager', 'tri-functional NK Cell Engager', 'investigator-sponsored, randomized controlled trial', 'five public drug candidates', 'upcoming ASCO Annual Meeting', 'Cutaneous T Cell lymphoma', 'Peripheral T Cell lymphoma', 'ASCO Annual Meeting website', 'Final TELLOMAK Phase 2 data', 'TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial', 'several data presentations', 'B‘cell Non-Hodgkin', 'partnered drug candidates', '3rd party Ad.', 'AACR Annual Meeting', 'partial clinical hold', 'First preclinical data', 'MOZART trial poster', 'short term investments', 'non-current financial instruments', 'SÃ©zary syndrome', 'Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity', 'proprietary CD20-targeted IL-2v', 'Lymphoma Study Association', 'consolidated financial results', 'following registration link', 'aggressive disease progression', 'KIR3DL2-expressing relapsed/refractory PTCL', 'refractory mycosis fungoides', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma website', 'target undisclosed', 'clinical development', 'KIR3DL2 antibody', 'Drug Administration', 'Phase 2 KILT', 'Lymphoma AstraZeneca', 'TELLOMAK study', 'following link', 'proprietary medicines', 'proprietary platform', 'Company website', 'oral presentation', 'blood cancers', 'second generation', 'updated results', 'Cash position', '€4.0 million payment', 'cash runway', 'Conference call', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'next generation', 'HervÃ© Brailly', 'Nectin-4 ADC', 'Investing.com', 'Investors section', 'Top-line results', 'US Food', 'patient death', 'fatal case', 'steering committee', 'independent experts', 'solid tumors', 'IL‘2v', 'lacutamab IND', 'live webcast', 'FDA decision', 'FDA review', 'Two posters', '8:00 a', '2:00pm CEST', 'Pipeline highlights', 'full abstract', 'ANKET ® platform', 'second-generation ANKET ®', 'tetra-specific IPH6501', 'disclosureor Webcast', 'MF patients', 'AACR 2024', '2 posters', 'IPH45', 'NASDAQ', 'March', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'OTC', 'IPHA', 'quarter', 'strategy', 'NHL', 'CD123', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', '00am', 'events', 'q4inc', 'Participants', 'telephone', 'registrations', 'information', 'innate-pharma', 'replay', '90 days', 'Chicago', 'Title', '5:00 PM', 'Thursday', 'May', 'January', 'October', 'LYSA', 'combination', 'chemotherapy', 'GEMOX', 'gemcitabine', 'oxaliplatin', 'types', 'SAR', 'IPH6101', 'IPH6401', 'BCMA', 'IPH62', 'IPH67', 'June', 'Tolerability', '4650312']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,investing.com
40952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/5381898636171128,Innate Pharma Reports First Quarter 2024 Business Update and Financial Results,First preclinical data set for IPH45  a pre-IND anti-Nectin-4 Antibody Drug Conjugate  presented as an oral presentation at AACR 2024             Progression of Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager SAR443579/IPH6101 to Phase 2 in blood cancers             ...,"Innate Pharma Reports First Quarter 2024 Business Update and Financial ResultsFirst preclinical data set for IPH45  a pre-IND anti-Nectin-4 Antibody Drug Conjugate  presented as an oral presentation at AACR 2024Progression of Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager SAR443579/IPH6101 to Phase 2 in blood cancersFive ASCO Annual Meeting 2024 abstracts: Final TELLOMAK Phase 2 data for lacutamab in Mycosis Fungoides Two posters on IPH6501  Innate's second generation ANKET ® in B‑cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma AstraZeneca to present poster on updated results for monalizumab from Phase 2 stage III unresectable NSCLC trial Monalizumab SCLC Phase 2 MOZART trial posterCash position of €113.9 million 1 as of March 31  2024 (not including the €4.0 million payment to be received from Sanofi)  anticipated cash runway into end 2025Conference call to be held today at 2:00 p.m. CEST / 8:00 a.m. EDTRegulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“ Innate ” or the “ Company ”) today reported its consolidated financial results for the quarter ending March 31  2024.“ We are executing our strategy of building on our partnered drug candidates while advancing our next generation of proprietary medicines  ” said Hervé Brailly  Chief Executive Officer ad interim of Innate Pharma . “ Our second generation ANKET ®   IPH6501 began clinical development for NHL. We presented preclinical data for IPH45  our Nectin-4 ADC  at the recently held AACR Annual Meeting. Our partner Sanofi also advanced SAR443579  a tri-functional NK Cell Engager targeting CD123  to Phase 2 in blood cancer. We expect to have several data presentations at ASCO  including data from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial with lacutamab in mycosis fungoides  as we prepare to submit an IND for IPH45 later this year .”Webcast and conference call will be held today at 2:00pm CEST (8:00am EDT) The live webcast will be available at the following link: https://events.q4inc.com/attendee/244650312 Participants may also join via telephone using the following registration link: https://registrations.events/direct/Q4I9730892 This information can also be found on the Investors section of the Innate Pharma website  www.innate-pharma.com . A replay of the webcast will be available on the Company website for 90 days following the event.1 Including short term investments (€21.3 million) and non-current financial instruments (€10.1 million).Pipeline highlights:Lacutamab (anti-KIR3DL2 antibody):Cutaneous T Cell lymphomaTELLOMAK is a global  open-label  multi-cohort Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating lacutamab in patients with Sézary syndrome and mycosis fungoides (MF).Top-line results in MF patients will be presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting 2024 being held May 31 – June 4 in Chicago. Title of the abstract is: Lacutamab in patients with relapsed and/or refractory mycosis fungoides: results from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial. The full abstract will be released at 5:00 PM ET on Thursday  May 23  2024 on the ASCO Annual Meeting website.In January 2024  Innate announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has lifted the partial clinical hold previously placed on the lacutamab IND on October 2023 following a patient death in the TELLOMAK study. The FDA decision to lift the partial clinical hold is based on the FDA review of the fatal case which Innate  together with a steering committee of independent experts  determined to be related to aggressive disease progression and lacutamab unrelated.Peripheral T Cell lymphoma (PTCL)The Phase 2 KILT (anti-KIR in T Cell Lymphoma) trial  an investigator-sponsored  randomized controlled trial led by the Lymphoma Study Association (LYSA) to evaluate lacutamab in combination with chemotherapy GEMOX (gemcitabine in combination with oxaliplatin) versus GEMOX alone in patients with KIR3DL2-expressing relapsed/refractory PTCL is ongoing and continues to recruit patients.ANKET ® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics):ANKET ® is Innate’s proprietary platform for developing next-generation  multi-specific NK cell engagers to treat certain types of cancer. Innate’s pipeline includes five public drug candidates born from the ANKET ® platform: SAR443579 (SAR’579/IPH6101) (CD123-targeted)  SAR445514 (SAR’514/IPH6401) (BCMA-targeted)  IPH62 (B7-H3-targeted)  IPH67 (target undisclosed  solid tumors) and tetra-specific IPH6501 (CD20-targeted with IL‑2v). Several other undisclosed proprietary preclinical targets are being explored.IPH6501 (proprietary)IPH6501 is Innate’s proprietary CD20-targeted IL-2v bearing second-generation ANKET ® .Innate will present 2 posters on IPH6501 at the upcoming ASCO Annual Meeting 2024  being held from May 31 to June 4 in Chicago. Titles of the abstract are: A Phase 1/2  Open-Label  Multicenter Trial Investigating the Safety  Tolerability  and Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity of IPH6501 in Patients With Relapsed and/or Refractory CD20-expressing Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma Preclinical assessment of IPH6501  a first-in-class IL2v-armed tetraspecific NK Cell Engager directed against CD20 for R/R B-NHL  in comparison to a CD20-targeting T Cell EngagerThe full abstracts will be released at 5:00 PM ET on Thursday  May 23  2024 on the ASCO Annual Meeting website.In March 2024 the first patient was dosed in the Phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating IPH6501 in B cell Non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (B-NHL). The study is planned to enroll up to 184 patients.SAR443579  SAR445514  IPH62 and IPH67 (under development by Sanofi)SAR443579/IPH6101The Phase 1/2 clinical trial  currently under development  by Sanofi is progressing well  evaluating SAR443579 / IPH6101  a trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46×CD16 NK cell engager and ANKET ® platform lead asset  in patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) or high-risk myelodysplastic syndrome (HR-MDS).In April 2024  Sanofi advanced SAR443579 / IPH6101  to the Phase 2 dose expansion of the trial. Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration with Sanofi  the progression to the dose expansion part of the trial has triggered a milestone payment from Sanofi to Innate of €4m (which has been booked as revenue in the first quarter but had not been received from Sanofi in the quarter  and has therefore not been included in the cash position).SAR445514/IPH6401The Sanofi led Phase 1/2 clinical trial with SAR’514 / IPH6401  a trifunctional anti-BCMA Nkp46xCD16 NK cell engager  in patients with Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma and Relapsed/Refractory Light-chain Amyloidosis is ongoing.IPH62IPH62 is a NK cell engager program targeting B7-H3 from Innate’s ANKET ® platform under development. Upon candidate selection  Sanofi will be responsible for all development  manufacturing and commercialization.IPH67IPH67 is a NK cell engager program in solid tumors from Innate’s ANKET ® platform under development. Following a research collaboration period  Sanofi will be responsible for all development  manufacturing and commercialization.Sanofi still retains the option of one additional ANKET ® target under the terms of the 2022 research collaboration and license agreement .Antibody Drug Conjugates:Innate develops different approaches for the treatment of cancer utilizing its antibody engineering capabilities to deliver novel assets  with its innovative ANKET ® platform and is also exploring Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADC) formats.Beyond its proprietary programs  Innate has an ongoing agreement with Takeda on ADCs.IPH45 (Nectin-4 ADC):IPH45 is Innate’s proprietary and differentiated exatecan-Antibody Drug Conjugate (ADC) targeting Nectin-4.First preclinical data were presented in an oral presentation at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting 2024. In preclinical studies  IPH45 shows anti-tumor efficacy in vivo  in Nectin-4 expressing tumors including in Enfortumab Vedotin (EV) refractory models. Importantly  IPH45 shows stronger activity than EV  in multiple urothelial carcinoma patient-derived xenografted (PDX) mice models  across Nectin-4 high and Nectin-4 low expression levels. In addition  IPH45 has anti-tumor activity in combination with anti-PD1 treatment in PD-1 resistant model in vivo and has a favorable safety profile in relevant animal toxicology models.IPH45 continues towards IND filing in 2024.Monalizumab (anti-NKG2A antibody)  partnered with AstraZeneca:The Phase 3 PACIFIC-9 trial run by AstraZeneca evaluating durvalumab (anti-PD-L1) in combination with monalizumab or AstraZeneca’s oleclumab (anti-CD73) in patients with unresectable  Stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have not progressed following definitive platinum-based concurrent chemoradiation therapy (CRT) is ongoing.AstraZeneca will present a poster at ASCO titled: “Updated results from COAST  a phase 2 study of durvalumab (D) ± oleclumab (O) or monalizumab (M) in patients (pts) with stage III unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (uNSCLC).”A poster at ASCO will also be presented titled “A phase II trial of monalizumab in combination with durvalumab (MEDI4736) plus platinum-based chemotherapy for first-line treatment of extensive stage small cell lung cancer (MOZART): Hoosier Cancer Research Network LUN21-530 study.”IPH5201 (anti-CD39)  partnered with AstraZeneca:The MATISSE Phase 2 clinical trial conducted by Innate in neoadjuvant lung cancer for IPH5201  an anti-CD39 blocking monoclonal antibody developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca  is ongoing and recruitment is on track.IPH5301 (anti-CD73):The investigator-sponsored CHANCES Phase 1 trial of IPH5301 by Institut Paoli-Calmettes is ongoing.Corporate Update:Early January 2024  two new Executive Board members were appointed. Arvind Sood  Executive Vice President (EVP)  President of US Operations  Dr Sonia Quaratino  EVP  Chief Medical Officer  joining Hervé Brailly  interim Chief Executive Officer and Yannis Morel  EVP  appointed Chief Operating Officer.In connection with Innate’s previous announcement that it had established an at-the-market (“ATM”) program  on January 16  2024 Innate filed a new Registration Statement on Form F-3 (Registration No. 333-276164). On February 6  2024  Innate filed a prospectus supplement relating to its previously established ATM program  pursuant to which it may  from time to time  offer and sell to eligible investors a total gross amount of up to $75 million of American Depositary Shares (“ADS”). Each ADS represents one ordinary share of Innate. As of March 31  2024  no sales have been made under the program.Financial Results:Cash  cash equivalents and financial assets of the Company amounted to €113.9 million as of March 31  2024. At the same date  financial liabilities amounted to €37.7 million. Cash  cash equivalents and financial assets as of March 31  2024 do not include the €4.0 million payment to be received from Sanofi.Revenues for the first three months of 2024 amounted to €6.6 million (€26.0 million for the same period in 2023). For the three-month period  ended March 31  2024  revenue from collaboration and licensing agreements mainly results from the partial or entire recognition of the proceeds received pursuant to the agreements with AstraZeneca and Sanofi.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® ( A ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on LinkedIn and X .Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513799097/en/InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.eu",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Business Update', 'Innate Pharma Reports', 'Financial Results', 'Refractory CD20-expressing Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma Preclinical assessment', 'global, open-label, multi-cohort Phase 2 clinical trial', 'A Phase 1/2, Open-Label, Multicenter Trial', 'Several other undisclosed proprietary preclinical targets', 'Chief Executive Officer ad interim', 'next-generation, multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'IL2v-armed tetraspecific NK Cell Engager', 'Five ASCO Annual Meeting 2024 abstracts', 'IND anti-Nectin-4 Antibody Drug Conjugate', 'Sanofi-developed NK Cell Engager', 'tri-functional NK Cell Engager', 'investigator-sponsored, randomized controlled trial', 'Cutaneous T Cell lymphoma', 'Peripheral T Cell lymphoma', 'upcoming ASCO Annual Meeting', 'five public drug candidates', 'First Quarter 2024 Business Update', 'ASCO Annual Meeting website', 'Final TELLOMAK Phase 2 data', 'B‑cell Non-Hodgkin', 'First preclinical data', 'several data presentations', 'unresectable NSCLC trial', 'AACR Annual Meeting', 'partial clinical hold', 'TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial', 'Phase 2 stage III', 'Lymphoma Study Association', 'short term investments', 'Sézary syndrome', 'refractory mycosis fungoides', 'Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity', 'proprietary CD20-targeted IL-2v', 'non-current financial instruments', 'MOZART trial poster', 'Monalizumab SCLC Phase', 'following registration link', 'The FDA decision', 'aggressive disease progression', 'KIR3DL2-expressing relapsed/refractory PTCL', 'consolidated financial results', 'Innate Pharma Reports', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma website', 'target undisclosed', 'Lymphoma AstraZeneca', 'clinical development', 'KIR3DL2 antibody', 'Drug Administration', 'Phase 2 KILT', 'TELLOMAK study', 'following link', 'proprietary medicines', 'proprietary platform', 'Company website', 'oral presentation', 'blood cancers', 'second generation', 'updated results', 'Cash position', '€4.0 million payment', 'cash runway', 'Conference call', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'next generation', 'Hervé Brailly', 'Nectin-4 ADC', 'Investors section', 'Top-line results', 'US Food', 'patient death', 'FDA review', 'fatal case', 'steering committee', 'independent experts', 'solid tumors', 'IL‑2v', 'R/R B-NH', 'lacutamab IND', 'Two posters', '8:00 a', '2:00pm CEST', 'Pipeline highlights', 'live webcast', 'full abstract', 'ANKET ® platform', 'second-generation ANKET ®', 'tetra-specific IPH6501', 'MF patients', 'AACR 2024', '2 posters', 'IPH45', 'March', 'Nasdaq', 'IPHA', 'strategy', 'NHL.', 'partner', 'CD123', '00am', 'events', 'q4inc', 'Participants', 'telephone', 'registrations', 'information', 'innate-pharma', 'replay', '90 days', 'June', 'Chicago', 'Title', '5:00 PM', 'Thursday', 'May', 'January', 'October', 'LYSA', 'combination', 'chemotherapy', 'GEMOX', 'gemcitabine', 'oxaliplatin', 'types', 'SAR', 'IPH6101', 'IPH6401', 'BCMA', 'IPH62', 'IPH67', 'Safety', 'Tolerability', 'class', '4650312']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,investorsobserver.com
40953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAAT-PHARMA-128358114/news/May-14-2024-MaaT-Pharma-Launches-a-Global-Offering-of-approximately-18-Million-Euros-46720881/,May 14  2024: MaaT Pharma Launches a Global Offering of approximately 18 Million Euros,(marketscreener.com)   MaaT Pharma Launches a Global Offering of a minimum of 18 Million Euros       Launch of an offering of new shares for approximately 17 Million Euros through a Reserved Offering aimed at categories of institutional investors  an…,"Lyon  France  May 14 2024 -5.45 pm CET -MaaT Pharma(EURONEXT: MAAT - the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotech company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  today announces the launch of an offering of approximately 18 million euros  comprising a reserved offering of new ordinary shares to categories of investors and a public offering of new ordinary shares to retail investors (via the PrimaryBid platform) (the ""PrimaryOffering"")  and a sale of existing shares for 1 million euros  at a price of €8 per share (the ""Offering Price"").MaaT Pharma will use the net proceeds of the Primary Offering to fund the continued development of its Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM  including:completion of the Phase 3 trial for MaaT013 in Europe  including top-line results/primary endpoint expected in mid-Q4 2024;refining the pipeline development  encompassing the initiation of Phase 3 trial activities for MaaT013 in the US and the broadening of the Phase 2b trial with MaaT033 across Europe; andworking capital and other general corporate purposes  including repayment of current debts.In the context of the Global Offering  the Company benefits from the long-term support of its historical shareholders Bpifrance Investissement  Biocodex and Seventure Partners who have committed themselves to subscribe for a total amount of €14.3m in the Global Offering  subject to the Reserved Offering representing at least €17 million.Excluding the proceeds of the Reserved Offering  on the basis of planned expenditure  total cash and cash equivalents as of March 31  2024  of €18.2 million (unaudited)  the Company estimates that it will be able to fund its operations until the end of September 2024. On the same basis  including the proceeds of the Reserved Offering representing more than €17 million  the Company estimates that it will be able to finance its operations into early Q1 2025. The Company is also engaged to seek further financing dilutive and/or non-dilutive financing solutions to finance operations beyond early Q1 2025 and remains confident in extending its cash runway to meet its financial obligations over the next 12 months. The Company reports in parallel revenues of EUR 0.8 million for the first quarter of 2024 compared with EUR 0.7 million for the same period of 2023  in relation to its Early Access Program for MaaT013 in Europe.Concurrently with the Primary Offering  certain funds managed by Seventure Partners (together  the ""Selling Shareholder"") will sell a maximum of 125 000 shares  representing a maximum amount of 1 million euros (the ""Secondary Offering"" and together with the Primary Offering  the ""GlobalOffering""). These funds are currently in a divestment period and are progressively selling the shares they hold in the Company  but Seventure Partners will continue to support the development and growth of the Company and has committed to participate to the Reserved Offering through other funds.Hervé Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma  commented: ""We are pleased to announce a capital increase at a price of €8 per share with €14 4 million already committed by our longstanding investors and management. While anchored around our historical investors  this offering is strategically aimed at continuing expanding our shareholder base through retail investors  further increasing our market float. Thus  we have partnered with the PrimaryBid platform to offer them the opportunity to join us under the same conditions as institutional investors.This transaction will enable us to finalize and present the primary endpoint of the Phase 3 trial of our lead product  MaaT013  in acute graft-versus-host disease  and to support the increase of maturity of our pipeline  including the expansion in the US.Encouraged by the positive clinical data from our recent early access program  we are highly motivated to push forward in our development efforts. We are dedicated to a structured approach that aims to bring innovative therapeutic solutions to patients who are battling diseases with limited treatment options and challenging prognoses.""Terms and Conditions of the Global OfferingThe Global Offering will be carried out in three concomitant components under the same pricing conditions:a reserved offering (the "" Reserved Offering "") of new ordinary shares without pre-emptive subscription rights  to specific categories of investors  namely: (i) natural person(s) or legal entity(ies)  including companies  trusts  investment funds or other investment vehicles  in any form  established under French or foreign law  that regularly invest in the pharmaceutical  biotechnological or medical technologies sectors  as the case may be  when an industrial  commercial  licensing  research or partnership agreement is entered into with the Company; and/or (ii) company(ies)  institution(s) or entity(ies) in any form  French or foreign  which conduct a significant portion of their business in these sectors or in the field of cosmetics or chemicals or medical devices or research in these fields  or having entered into an industrial commercial  licensing  research or partnership agreement with the Company  in accordance with the 25 th resolution of the annual general meeting of June 19  2023 (the "" AGM "") and pursuant to article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code"") of new ordinary shares without pre-emptive subscription rights  to specific categories of investors  namely: (i) natural person(s) or legal entity(ies)  including companies  trusts  investment funds or other investment vehicles  in any form  established under French or foreign law  that regularly invest in the pharmaceutical  biotechnological or medical technologies sectors  as the case may be  when an industrial  commercial  licensing  research or partnership agreement is entered into with the Company; and/or (ii) company(ies)  institution(s) or entity(ies) in any form  French or foreign  which conduct a significant portion of their business in these sectors or in the field of cosmetics or chemicals or medical devices or research in these fields  or having entered into an industrial commercial  licensing  research or partnership agreement with the Company  in accordance with the 25 resolution of the annual general meeting of June 19  2023 (the "" "") and pursuant to article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code a public offering of new ordinary shares  aimed at retail investors via the PrimaryBid platform  which will be carried out via an allocation proportional to demand  limited to the amount allocated to this public offering  with allocations reduced should demand exceed this limit  in accordance with the 23 rd resolution of the AGM and pursuant to article L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code and article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "" PrimaryBid Offering "")   andresolution of the AGM and pursuant to article L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code and article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "" "")   and a sale of up to 125 000 existing ordinary shares representing a maximum amount of 1 Million euros held by the Selling Shareholder to the same specific categories of investors defined in the Reserved Offering.The total amount of the Global Offering would be approximately 18 million euros  with a possibility to increase this total amount  subject to investor demand.The amount of the Global Offering will depend exclusively on the orders received for each of the above-mentioned components  with no possibility of reallocating the amounts committed to the Reserved Offering and the Secondary Offering  to the PrimaryBid Offering. The PrimaryBid Offering to retail investors is incidental to the Reserved Offering and may not exceed 20% of the total amount of the Global Offering. In any event  the PrimaryBid Offering will not be carried out if the Reserved Offering does not occur.The Offering Price of the new shares will be at a price of €8 per share  representing an approximate discount of 15% of the Company's shares on the Euronext Paris regulated market at the time of the last trading session preceding announcement (i.e. May 13  2024)  in compliance with the 25th 23rd and 27th resolutions of the Company. The Offering Price of the new ordinary shares issued under the PrimaryBid Offering and of the existing shares sold in the Secondary Offering will be equal to the price of the new ordinary shares issued under the Reserved Offering.The Reserved Offering and the Secondary Offering will be carried out by ""accelerated bookbuilding""  at the end of which the number of new shares to be issued and the price per share will be determined by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company  pursuant to and within the limits of the sub-delegations of au thority granted by the Board of Directors of the Company as of the date of this press release and in accordance with the resolutions of the AGM.The accelerated book-building process for the Reserved Offering and the Secondary Offering will be initiated immediately following the publication of this press release and is expected to close before markets open tomorrow  subject to early closing. The PrimaryBid Offering will also begin immediately and is expected to close at 10 p.m. today  subject to early closing. The Company will announce the results of the Global Offering by press release after the order book closes  tomorrow before the market opens.The Reserved Offering will be available  within the categories of investors defined above  (i) to institutional investors in France  outside France with the exception of the United States  Canada  Australia and Japan and  solely within the categories of investors specifically provided for in the 25th resolution mentioned above  and (ii) to certain institutional investors in the United States.Settlement-delivery of the new ordinary shares and their admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris are expected to occur on May 17  2024. The new shares will be of the same class and fungible with the existing shares  will carry all rights attached to the shares  and will be admitted to trading on the Euronext Paris market under the same ISIN code FR0012634822 - MAAT.Shareholders' subscription and lock-up agreementsCurrent shareholders Bpifrance Investissement  Biocodex and Seventure Partners which hold 15 51%  10 62% and 22 31% of the Company's share capital  respectively on a non-dilutive basis  have pledged to subscribe €8 million  €5 million and €1.3 million respectively in the Reserved Offering  subject for the Reserved Offering representing at least €17 million. The Management of the Company has pledged to subscribe €100 000 in the Reserved Offering.The subscription commitments received by the Company  as detailed above  thus represent a total of €14.4 million.The press release announcing the results of the Global Offering will set out the shareholding resulting from the transaction.The independent directors of the Company were called upon to vote alone on the transaction  unanimously approved both the principle of the transaction and its terms. Mr. Hervé Affagard  Mrs Isabelle de Crémoux for Seventure Partners  and Mr. Jean-Marie Lefèvre for Biocodex  did not take part in the vote of this decision.In connection with the Reserved Offering  participating Directors and certain existing shareholders namely  Seventure Partners  Biocodex and Bpifrance Investissement have respectively entered into a lock-up agreement with the Placement Agent for a period ending 90 days after the settlement and delivery date of the Offering  subject to customary exceptions. In connection with the Reserved Offering  the Company has undertaken to refrain from issuing shares for a period of 90 days from the settlement-delivery date of the Offer  subject to customary exceptions.Financial IntermediariesStifel Europe AG (""Stifel"") are acting as Global Coordinator and Joint Bookrunner in connection with the Reserved Offering. Gilbert Dupont SNC  Groupe Société Générale  is acting as Joint Bookrunner in connection with the Reserved Offering. Stifel is also acting as Centralizing Agent (together  the ""Placement Agents""). The Reserved Offering is subject to a placement agreement entered into between the Company and the Placement Agents dated May 14  2024.Within the framework of the PrimaryBid Offering  investors may only subscribe via the PrimaryBid Partners mentioned on the PrimaryBid website. The PrimaryBid Offering is subject to an engagement letter entered into between the Company and PrimaryBid and is not subject to a placement agreement.ProspectusIn connection with the Reserved Offering  a listing prospectus will be submitted to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the ""AMF"") prior to the settlement and delivery of the new ordinary shares (the ""Prospectus""). The Prospectus will consist of (i) the Company's universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 2  2024  under number D.24-0225  with its amendment to be filed with the AMF  and (ii) a securities note including the summary of the Prospectus. This Prospectus will be available on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org) and on the Company's website (www.maatpharma.com/) and may be obtained free of charge from the Company's registered office.This press release does not constitute a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended  or a public offering.Risk factorsThe public's attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to the Company and its business  presented in chapter 3 of the universal registration document 2024 approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 02  2024  which is available free of charge on the Company's website (www.maatpharma.com) and the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org). The occurrence of any or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on the Company's business  financial situation  results  development or prospects.In addition  investors are invited to consider the following risks specific to the issue: (i) the market price of the Company's shares could fluctuate and fall below the Offering Price of the shares issued under the Offer  (ii) the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares could fluctuate significantly  (iii) sales of the Company's shares could occur on the market and have an unfavorable impact on the Company's share price  and (iv) the Company's shareholders could suffer potentially significant dilution as a result of any future capital increases made necessary by the Company's search for financing.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Global Offering', '18 Million Euros', 'other general corporate purposes', 'recent early access program', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'acute graft-versus-host disease', 'positive clinical data', 'innovative therapeutic solutions', 'limited treatment options', 'three concomitant components', 'pre-emptive subscription rights', 'top-line results/primary endpoint', 'non-dilutive financing solutions', 'other investment vehicles', 'new ordinary shares', 'Phase 3 trial activities', 'Phase 2b trial', 'medical technologies sectors', 'clinical-stage biotech company', 'same pricing conditions', 'The Global Offering', 'early Q1', 'financing dilutive', 'other funds', 'same period', 'same conditions', 'existing shares', 'survival outcomes', '18 million euros', 'PrimaryBid platform', '1 million euros', 'working capital', 'current debts', 'long-term support', 'historical shareholders', 'Bpifrance Investissement', 'Seventure Partners', 'total amount', 'planned expenditure', 'total cash', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'financial obligations', 'next 12 months', 'parallel revenues', 'first quarter', 'Selling Shareholder', 'divestment period', 'Hervé Affagard', 'shareholder base', 'market float', 'lead product', 'structured approach', 'challenging prognoses', 'natural person', 'investment funds', 'foreign law', 'partnership agreement', 'significant portion', 'reserved offering', 'public offering', 'Primary Offering', 'Secondary Offering', 'MaaT Pharma', 'same basis', 'retail investors', 'longstanding investors', 'historical investors', 'institutional investors', 'The Company', 'continued development', 'development efforts', 'maximum amount', 'capital increase', 'specific categories', 'legal entity', 'net proceeds', 'Offering Price', 'pipeline development', '125,000 shares', 'Lyon', 'CET', 'EURONEXT', 'leader', 'patients', 'cancer', 'launch', 'PrimaryOffering', 'sale', 'completion', 'MaaT013', 'Europe', 'mid-Q4', 'initiation', 'broadening', 'MaaT033', 'repayment', 'context', 'Biocodex', 'March', 'operations', 'September', 'relation', 'GlobalOffering', 'growth', 'CEO', 'founder', 'management', 'opportunity', 'transaction', 'maturity', 'expansion', 'diseases', 'Terms', 'companies', 'trusts', 'French', 'biotechnological', 'case', 'research', 'business', 'field', 'cosmetics', 'chemicals', '5.45']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/veolia-wins-320-million-water-technology-contract-for-worlds-most-energyefficient-desalination-plant-enhancing-water-security-in-uae-93CH-3438618,Veolia Wins $320 Million Water Technology Contract for World's Most Energy-efficient Desalination Plant  Enhancing Water Security in UAE By Investing.com,Veolia Wins $320 Million Water Technology Contract for World's Most Energy-efficient Desalination Plant  Enhancing Water Security in UAE,With a capacity of 818 000 cubic meters per day  this reverse osmosis desalination plant will supply drinking water to 2 million people.Advanced reverse osmosis technologies combined with Veolia's extensive expertise in critical pretreatment and posttreatment stages  have reduced the energy used to desalinate seawater by 35% over the past ten years.This new generation of plants at the cutting edge of energy efficiency is fully in line with Veolia's GreenUp strategic plan  thanks to the accelerated deployment of solutions to preserve water resources.PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Veolia (Paris:VIE)  world water technology leader  through its subsidiary SIDEM  will engineer and supply key technology for the Hassyan seawater desalination plant in Dubai  United Arab Emirates (UAE). Commissioned by Dubai Electricity and Water Authority (DEWA) and ACWA Power  the plant will be the second largest desalination plant based on reverse osmosis (RO) technology in the world  and the largest desalination plant powered by solar energy. This significant project underlines Veolia's commitment  reaffirmed in its new GreenUp strategic plan  to provide sustainable  low-carbon and energy-efficient solutions  while guaranteeing the preservation of water resources in a context of adaptation to climate change.Located approximately 55 kilometers southwest of Dubai Creek  the Hassyan desalination plant will have a capacity of 818 000 cubic meters per day (m3/d) ” 180 million imperial gallons per day (MIGD) ” providing a safe and reliable source of drinking water to two million people. The plant will start operating in 2026  with a gradual ramp-up to full capacity in 2027. The project is part of a broader strategy to sustainably increase water desalination capacity  to help support Dubai's increasing demand for water in domestic and commercial settings. Furthermore  this plant will be the largest desalination plant powered by solar energy in the world.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorThis project will feature an exceptional energy efficiency performance  with an incredibly low energy consumption rate of 2 9 kilowatt-hours per cubic meter (kWh/m3). SIDEM's extensive expertise in large-scale desalination  including the critical pre-treatment and post-treatment stages  has helped maximize the potential of RO technology in terms of energy efficiency  reducing the energy consumption of RO desalination plants by a further 35% over the past 10 years.The plant is located near the Jebel Ali Wetland Sanctuary  a Ramsar protected site recognized by the Convention on Biological Diversity as an ecologically or biologically significant marine area of international importance. To ensure the uninterrupted nesting process of endangered turtles  construction activities have carefully been planned around the breeding season. Additionally  the plant adheres strictly to environmental laws and regulations in terms of composition  temperature and quantity of brine discharged  with discharge areas thoughtfully selected to mitigate any potential impact on the ecosystem.Estelle Brachlianoff  Chief Executive Officer of Veolia  said : All over the world  people are looking for solutions to climate change. The watchword is adaptation: at Veolia  we have solutions to act as a catalyst for ecological transformation  which is the thrust of our GreenUp strategic plan. This latest achievement confirms our leading position in water technologies. Our commitment to high operational and environmental standards has been the driving force behind our leadership in desalination for over 50 years. Our efforts have made the impossible possible  reducing the energy consumption of large-scale desalination to 2 9 kWh/m3.– – –here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorABOUT VEOLIAVeolia's ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (OTC: ) (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023. www.veolia.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240514684842/en/VEOLIAGROUP MEDIA RELATIONSLaurent Obadia - Evgeniya MazalovaAnna Beaubatie - AurÃ©lien SarrosquyTel.+ 33 (0) 1 85 57 86 25presse.groupe@veolia.comINVESTORS RELATIONSRonald Wasylec - Ariane de LamazeTel. +33 (0) 1 85 57 84 76investor-relations@veolia.comSource: Veolia,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['$320 Million Water Technology Contract', 'Energy-efficient Desalination Plant', 'Water Security', 'Veolia', 'World', 'UAE', 'Investing', 'com', 'Jebel Ali Wetland Sanctuary', 'Advanced reverse osmosis technologies', 'new GreenUp strategic plan', 'reverse osmosis (RO) technology', 'exceptional energy efficiency performance', 'low energy consumption rate', 'second largest desalination plant', 'Hassyan seawater desalination plant', 'world water technology leader', 'VEOLIA GROUP MEDIA RELATIONS', 'supply key technology', 'United Arab Emirates', '3rd party Ad.', 'Ramsar protected site', 'uninterrupted nesting process', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'AurÃ©lien Sarrosquy', 'Ariane de Lamaze', 'osmosis desalination plant', '180 million imperial gallons', '63 million metric tons', 'Hassyan desalination plant', 'significant marine area', 'three complementary activities', 'RO desalination plants', 'two million people', 'useful, practical solutions', 'past ten years', 'water desalination capacity', 'RO technology', 'water technologies', 'new generation', 'large-scale desalination', '2 million people', '113 million people', 'past 10 years', 'construction activities', 'INVESTORS RELATIONS', 'drinking water', 'Water Authority', 'solar energy', '818,000 cubic meters', 'extensive expertise', 'critical pretreatment', 'posttreatment stages', 'cutting edge', 'accelerated deployment', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'ACWA Power', 'sustainable, low-carbon', 'climate change', 'gradual ramp-up', 'broader strategy', 'increasing demand', 'commercial settings', 'Investing.com', 'critical pre-treatment', 'post-treatment stages', 'Biological Diversity', 'international importance', 'endangered turtles', 'breeding season', 'environmental laws', 'discharge areas', 'Estelle Brachlianoff', 'ecological transformation', 'latest achievement', 'leading position', 'high operational', 'environmental standards', 'driving force', 'benchmark company', 'five continents', 'wastewater services', 'consolidated sales', 'Laurent Obadia', 'Evgeniya Mazalova', 'Anna Beaubatie', 'Ronald Wasylec', 'water resources', 'significant project', 'full capacity', 'available resources', 'reliable source', 'source version', 'energy-efficient solutions', 'Dubai Electricity', 'Dubai Creek', 'potential impact', 'Paris Euronext', 'Veolia Environnement', '50 years', 'day', 'line', 'VIE', 'subsidiary', 'SIDEM', 'UAE', 'DEWA', 'commitment', 'preservation', 'context', 'adaptation', 'MIGD', 'safe', 'domestic', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', '2,9 kilowatt-hours', 'kWh', 'terms', 'Convention', 'ecologically', 'biologically', 'regulations', 'composition', 'temperature', 'quantity', 'brine', 'ecosystem', 'watchword', 'catalyst', 'thrust', 'leadership', 'efforts', 'ambition', '218,000 employees', 'access', '42 terawatt-hours', 'OTC', 'businesswire', 'Tel.', 'presse', 'groupe', '85']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,investing.com
40955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Rockingham-County-selects-Waga-Energy-to-produce-RNG-at-the-Rockingham-County-Landfill-46722578/,Rockingham County selects Waga Energy to produce RNG at the Rockingham County Landfill,(marketscreener.com) Waga EnergyRockingham County selects Waga Energy to produce RNG at the Rockingham County Landfill 14-May-2024 / 21:34 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsib…,"Rockingham County selects Waga Energy to produce RNG at the Rockingham County LandfillRockingham County has selected Waga Energy (EPA: WAGA)  a global expert in the production of Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) from landfills  to produce RNG at the Rockingham County Landfill  located in Madison  NC.Following an award to Waga Energy as part of a public request for proposal (RFP)  Waga Energy entered into a 20-year agreement with the county to install an RNG production facility at the Rockingham County Landfill using its patented WAGABOX® technology. Waga Energy will finance  build  own and operate the unit and share with Rockingham County the revenue generated from the sale of the RNG produced.The WAGABOX® unit is expected to be commissioned in 2026 and will produce approximately 207 000 MMBtu per year of RNG  which will be injected directly into the local natural gas pipeline. A key pillar of the energy transition  RNG is a local  renewable energy source that substitutes fossil natural gas. The project will avoid 13 500 tons of CO2eq. per year based on the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) calculation methodology.Rockingham County Landfill provides services to over 92 000 residents and receives an average of 100 000 tons of municipal waste annually.A result of 15 years of development  the WAGABOX® patented technology revolutionizes landfill gas upgrading by coupling membrane filtration with cryogenic distillation. It maximizes the renewable energy production of landfills by ensuring the production of pipeline-quality RNG  regardless of the landfill gas variations in flow rate and composition. Waga Energy operates 23 WAGABOX® units worldwide  including 3 units in North America. 13 more are under construction including 6 in the US.Lance Metzler  Rockingham County Manager  said: “In late 2022  Rockingham County released a public RFP for the beneficial use of our landfill gas. We received multiple responses and through a committee began the process of vetting each proposer  ultimately selecting Waga Energy. From this evaluation we selected the best partner to support Rockingham County in monetizing our landfill gas  Waga Energy has the experience  passion  and technology to maximize the value of this waste resource. Through our partnership with Waga Energy  Rockingham County is proud to be utilizing our landfill gas to provide sustainable energy to our community. By upgrading our landfill gas into renewable natural gas  this project supports Rockingham County in reducing our landfill’s environmental impact  while generating new revenues for the county.”Guénaël Prince  CEO of Waga Energy Inc. (USA)  said: ""We are proud to have been selected by Rockingham County as their partner to maximize the benefits of the landfill gas at the Rockingham County Landfill. Our WAGABOX® RNG facility will convert the landfill gas into a source of energy  fueling the local community and supporting the circular economy. This will be the first WAGABOX® unit in North Carolina and we are excited for the opportunity to contribute to RNG production in the state.”About Rockingham CountyNestled in the picturesque landscape of the Piedmont Triad region  Rockingham County  North Carolina embodies the charm of small-town living  just a few hours away from Raleigh  Charlotte  Asheville  and even Washington  DC. Rockingham County is home to a vibrant community of over 92 000 residents. It is bordered by the majestic Blue Ridge Mountains  offering an array of outdoor recreation opportunities. With four major rivers crisscrossing its terrain  adventurers can enjoy over 88 miles of thrilling water escapades or explore 4 500 acres of serene lakeside settings. The county also boasts numerous scenic trails that wind through the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains  perfect for nature enthusiasts and hikers alike.About Waga EnergyWaga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas – RNG – (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas distribution networks that supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for fossil natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it produces or by offering a purification service. Waga Energy operates 24 units (owned or sold) in France  Spain  Canada and the US  representing an installed capacity of 940 GWh per year (3 207 400 MMBtu). Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy is listed on Euronext Paris.Press contacts:",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Rockingham County Landfill', 'Waga Energy', 'RNG', 'United States Environmental Protection Agency', 'Guénaël Prince', 'majestic Blue Ridge Mountains', 'local natural gas pipeline', 'local, renewable energy source', 'Piedmont Triad region', 'outdoor recreation opportunities', 'four major rivers', 'thrilling water escapades', 'serene lakeside settings', 'numerous scenic trails', 'Renewable Natural Gas', 'fossil natural gas', 'gas distribution networks', 'The WAGABOX® unit', 'first WAGABOX® unit', 'landfill gas variations', 'EPA) calculation methodology', 'Rockingham County Manager', 'renewable energy production', 'WAGABOX® patented technology', 'patented purification technology', 'Waga Energy Inc.', 'WAGABOX® RNG facility', 'Rockingham County Landfill', 'RNG production facility', 'environmental impact', 'local community', 'WAGABOX® technology', 'raw gas', 'purification service', 'landfill operators', 'energy transition', 'sustainable energy', '23 WAGABOX® units', 'global expert', 'public request', '20-year agreement', 'key pillar', 'municipal waste', 'membrane filtration', 'cryogenic distillation', 'flow rate', 'North America', 'Lance Metzler', 'beneficial use', 'multiple responses', 'waste resource', 'new revenues', 'circular economy', 'North Carolina', 'picturesque landscape', 'small-town living', 'nature enthusiasts', 'long-term contracts', 'installed capacity', 'global warming', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press contacts', 'vibrant community', 'public RFP', 'best partner', 'pipeline-quality RNG', '3 units', '24 units', 'landfills', 'Madison', 'award', 'proposal', 'sale', '207,000 MMBtu', 'project', '13,500 tons', 'CO2eq', 'services', '92,000 residents', 'average', '100,000 tons', 'result', '15 years', 'development', 'composition', 'construction', 'late', 'committee', 'process', 'proposer', 'evaluation', 'experience', 'passion', 'value', 'partnership', 'CEO', 'USA', 'benefits', 'opportunity', 'charm', 'Raleigh', 'Charlotte', 'Asheville', 'Washington', 'array', 'terrain', 'adventurers', '88 miles', '4,500 acres', 'foothills', 'hikers', 'biomethane', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'substitute', 'supply', 'income', 'France', 'Spain', 'Canada', '940 GWh', 'fight']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AELIS-FARMA-132953875/news/Aelis-Farma-Combined-General-Meeting-of-June-4-2024-Availability-of-Preparatory-Documents-and-Par-46720866/,Aelis Farma: Combined General Meeting of June 4  2024: Availability of Preparatory Documents and Participation and Voting Procedures,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Aelis Farma   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development of treatments for brain diseases  informs its shareholders and the financial community that the Company’s Combined General Meetin…,"Regulatory News:Aelis Farma (ISIN: FR0014007ZB4 – Ticker: AELIS)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development of treatments for brain diseases  informs its shareholders and the financial community that the Company’s Combined General Meeting will be held on Tuesday  June 4  2024  at 2 p.m.  at 1 rue Lafaurie de Mondabon  33000 Bordeaux.The notice of the meeting  including the agenda and draft resolutions as well as the terms and conditions of participation and voting at the meeting  was posted on the website of the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires ""BALO"" on April 26  2024 (bulletin number 51).Shareholders who are unable to attend the meeting in person  may exercise their voting rights remotely  before the general meeting:either by sending a proxy to the Company or by voting by mail At this purpose  shareholders shall use the form available on www.aelisfarma.com in accordance with the procedures indicated in the notice of meeting published on April 26  2024  in the BALO.All documents relating to this General Meeting are available on request from the Company or can be consulted on the Company's website under the heading Investors / General Meetings.In accordance with the applicable legal and regulatory provisions:any registered shareholder may  up to and including the fifth day before the general meeting  request that the Company send him the documents provided for in Articles L. 225-115 and R. 225-83 of the Commercial Code. In the event of an express request  such documents may be sent by electronic means. For holders of bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the provision by their authorized intermediary of a certificate of account registration;any shareholder may consult the documents referred to in Articles L. 225-115 and R. 225-83 of the Commercial Code at the company's registered office.***About AELIS FARMAFounded in Bordeaux in 2013  Aelis Farma is a biopharmaceutical company that is developing a new class of drugs  the Signaling-Specific inhibitors of the CB 1 receptor of the endocannabinoid system (CB 1 -SSi). CB 1 -SSi have been developed by Aelis Farma based on the discovery of a natural regulatory mechanism of CB 1 hyperactivity made by the team led by Dr. Pier Vincenzo Piazza  the Company’s CEO  when he was the director of the Neurocentre Magendie of INSERM in Bordeaux. By mimicking this natural mechanism  CB 1 -SSi appear to selectively inhibit the disease-related activity of the CB 1 receptor without disrupting its normal physiological activity. CB 1 -SSi have consequently the potential to provide new safe treatments for several brain diseases.Aelis Farma is currently developing two first-in-class clinical-stage drug candidates: AEF0117 for the treatment of cannabis use disorder (CUD)  that has just completed a phase 2b study in the United States with result expected in Q3 2024; and AEF0217 for cognitive disorders  including those of Down Syndrome (Trisomy 21)  currently in a phase 1/2 study in Spain in people with Down syndrome. The Company also has a portfolio of new innovative CB 1 -SSi for the treatment of other disorders associated with a dysregulation of the activity of the CB 1 receptor.Aelis Farma draws on the talents of more than 25 highly qualified employees.For more information  visit www.aelisfarma.com and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.ISIN: FR0014007ZB4Ticker: AELISB Compartment of Euronext ParisDisclaimerForward-looking statementsSome information contained in this press release are forward-looking statements  not historical data. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs  expectations  and assumptions  including  but not limited to  assumptions about Aelis Farma's current and future strategy and the environment in which Aelis Farma operates. They involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  which may cause actual results  performance  or achievements  or industry results or other events  to differ materially from those described or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those set out and described in detail in Chapter 3 ""Risk Factors"" of Aelis Farma's Universal Registration Document approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on April 24  2024  under number R.24-004.These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this press release and Aelis Farma expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or corrections to the forward-looking statements included in this press release to reflect any change in expectations or events  conditions  or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based. Forward-looking information and statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond Aelis Farma's control. Actual results could differ materially from those described in  or implied or projected by  forward-looking information and statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240514577480/en/",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Aelis Farma', 'Preparatory Documents', 'Voting Procedures', 'June', 'Availability', 'Participation', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', '1 rue Lafaurie de Mondabon', 'Dr. Pier Vincenzo Piazza', 'class clinical-stage drug candidates', 'new innovative CB 1 -SSi', 'cannabis use disorder', 'phase 2b study', 'phase 1/2 study', '25 highly qualified employees', 'Universal Registration Document', 'normal physiological activity', 'new safe treatments', 'several brain diseases', 'natural regulatory mechanism', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Combined General Meeting', 'new class', 'bulletin number', 'Articles L.', 'natural mechanism', 'account registration', 'Regulatory News', 'regulatory provisions', 'General Meetings', 'financial community', 'draft resolutions', 'applicable legal', 'fifth day', 'Commercial Code', 'electronic means', 'bearer shares', 'authorized intermediary', 'registered office', 'Signaling-Specific inhibitors', 'endocannabinoid system', 'Neurocentre Magendie', 'disease-related activity', 'United States', 'cognitive disorders', 'Down Syndrome', 'other disorders', 'B Compartment', 'Euronext Paris', 'press release', 'historical data', 'future strategy', 'other factors', 'Risk Factors', 'forward-looking statement', 'View source', 'CB 1 receptor', 'CB 1 hyperactivity', 'Aelis Farma', 'looking statements', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'various risks', 'voting rights', 'registered shareholder', 'express request', 'current beliefs', 'other events', 'Forward-looking information', 'future performance', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'development', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'June', '33000 Bordeaux', 'notice', 'agenda', 'terms', 'conditions', 'participation', 'website', 'BALO', 'April', 'person', 'proxy', 'mail', 'purpose', 'www', 'aelisfarma', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'documents', 'heading', 'Investors', 'exercise', 'certificate', 'drugs', 'discovery', 'team', 'CEO', 'director', 'INSERM', 'potential', 'two', 'AEF0117', 'CUD', 'Q3', 'Trisomy', 'Spain', 'people', 'portfolio', 'dysregulation', 'talents', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Disclaimer', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'environment', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'industry', 'detail', 'Chapter', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', 'corrections', 'change', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'control']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-46712415/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7914 £ 24.9045 Estimated MTD return 0.48 % 0.52 % Estimated YTD return 0.88 % 1.36 % Estimated ITD return 177.91 % 149.04 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -5.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.5629 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.5744The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DASSAULT-SYSTEMES-SE-4635/news/JLR-and-Dassault-Systemes-Extend-Partnership-Deploying-the-3DEXPERIENCE-Platform-for-All-Vehicle-P-46712219/,JLR and Dassault Systèmes Extend Partnership  Deploying the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform for All Vehicle Programs Worldwide,(marketscreener.com) Five-year partnership marks the next phase of their long-standing collaboration to drive the automaker’s transformation for a good and responsible businessMore than 18 000 users globally will utilize virtual twins to increase the ef…,Five-year partnership marks the next phase of their long-standing collaboration to drive the automaker’s transformation for a good and responsible business More than 18 000 users globally will utilize virtual twins to increase the efficiency of vehicle engineering and digital manufacturing  save time  and reduce waste and costs The 3DEXPERIENCE platform connects all stakeholders in one collaborative virtual environment  leveraging the latest technological innovationDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that it has extended its long-term strategic partnership with JLR for five years  heralding a new era of digital transformation at the automaker that will drive improved efficiency  collaborative innovation and sustainability throughout the enterprise.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513317472/en/Image courtesy of JLRJLR continues to deploy Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform globally  to support the end-to-end development of all its modern luxury vehicles. More than 18 000 users across all JLR business areas and suppliers will make use of virtual twins to increase efficiency  improve production management  save time  and reduce waste and costs.JLR’s decision to deploy the 3DEXPERIENCE platform at this scale further confirms the role that Dassault Systèmes plays in JLR’s commitment for a good and responsible business in an industry that demands high levels of excellence and personalization.JLR can leverage Dassault Systèmes’ entire portfolio of transportation and mobility industry solution experiences based on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform  both on premise and on the cloud. Its teams in ideation  requirements  model-based systems engineering  computer-aided design and manufacturing  as well as its value chain  will be connected in one collaborative virtual environment  leveraging knowledge and know-how. This creates value  to enable JLR’s employees to focus on high-quality tasks as well as empower them to evolve in more advanced roles.“JLR is utilizing the 3DEXPERIENCE platform to enhance its virtual twin experience  creating software-defined vehicles that seamlessly integrate both hardware and software development. This systems engineering approach connects and integrates various disciplines  driving the development of its vehicles and ensuring excellence as demanded by luxury brands ” said Laurence Montanari  Vice President  Transportation & Mobility Industry  Dassault Systèmes. “Our software as a service solution provides JLR teams with increased agility and the ability to access the latest technology on demand. After five years of partnership  we are opening a new era of collaboration beyond engineering and manufacturing through a trusted partnership  where teams from JLR and Dassault Systèmes work closely in short iterations to address JLR and its ecosystem's challenges.”FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comConnect with Dassault Systèmes onX Facebook LinkedIn YouTubeABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all – consumers  patients and citizens. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 350 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are owned by their respective owners. Use of any Dassault Systèmes or its subsidiaries trademarks is subject to their express written approval.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513317472/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.56,0.42,0.01,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'All Vehicle Programs', '3DEXPERIENCE Platform', 'JLR', 'Partnership', 'X Facebook LinkedIn YouTube', 'one collaborative virtual environment', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'mobility industry solution experiences', 'virtual twin experiences', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'express written approval', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'model-based systems engineering', 'systems engineering approach', 'latest technological innovation', 'long-term strategic partnership', '3D design software', 'modern luxury vehicles', 'JLR business areas', 'collaborative innovation', 'virtual twins', 'service solution', 'computer-aided design', 'luxury brands', 'latest technology', 'Experience Economy', 'vehicle engineering', 'digital transformation', 'Five-year partnership', 'next phase', 'responsible business', 'digital manufacturing', 'Euronext Paris', 'five years', 'new era', 'press release', 'full release', 'Image courtesy', 'production management', 'high levels', 'entire portfolio', 'high-quality tasks', 'advanced roles', 'software-defined vehicles', 'various disciplines', 'Laurence Montanari', 'Vice President', 'trusted partnership', 'short iterations', 'PLM) solutions', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'meaningful impact', 'human-centered economy', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'European company', 'Societas Europaea', 'French law', 'Versailles trade', 'United States', 'respective owners', 'source version', 'commercial trademarks', 'registered trademarks', 'other trademarks', 'software development', 'standing collaboration', 'real world', '3DS logo', 'other countries', 'value chain', 'end development', 'JLR teams', '150 countries', 'automaker', 'good', 'More', '18,000 users', 'efficiency', 'time', 'waste', 'costs', 'stakeholders', 'DSY', 'sustainability', 'enterprise', 'businesswire', 'news', 'suppliers', 'decision', 'scale', 'commitment', 'excellence', 'personalization', 'transportation', 'premise', 'cloud', 'ideation', 'requirements', 'knowledge', 'know-how', 'employees', 'hardware', 'agility', 'demand', 'ecosystem', 'challenges', 'INFORMATION', 'catalyst', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'creation', 'offer', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', 'sizes', 'industries', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'companies', 'registry', 'number', 'subsidiaries']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881017/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-JLR-and-Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-Extend-Partnership-Deploying-the-3DEXPERIENCE-Platform-for-All-Vehicle-Programs-Worldwide.html,Dassault Systèmes: JLR and Dassault Systèmes Extend Partnership  Deploying the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform for All Vehicle Programs Worldwide,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — May 14  2024   JLR and Dassault Systèmes Extend Partnership  Deploying the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform for All...,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — May 14  2024JLR and Dassault Systèmes Extend Partnership  Deploying the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform for All Vehicle Programs WorldwideFive-year partnership marks the next phase of their long-standing collaboration to drive the automaker’s transformation for a good and responsible businessMore than 18 000 users globally will utilize virtual twins to increase the efficiency of vehicle engineering and digital manufacturing  save time  and reduce waste and costsThe 3DEXPERIENCE platform connects all stakeholders in one collaborative virtual environment  leveraging the latest technological innovationDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that it has extended its long-term strategic partnership with JLR for five years  heralding a new era of digital transformation at the automaker that will drive improved efficiency  collaborative innovation and sustainability throughout the enterprise.JLR continues to deploy Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform globally  to support the end-to-end development of all its modern luxury vehicles. More than 18 000 users across all JLR business areas and suppliers will make use of virtual twins to increase efficiency  improve production management  save time  and reduce waste and costs.JLR’s decision to deploy the 3DEXPERIENCE platform at this scale further confirms the role that Dassault Systèmes plays in JLR’s commitment for a good and responsible business in an industry that demands high levels of excellence and personalization.JLR can leverage Dassault Systèmes’ entire portfolio of transportation and mobility industry solution experiences based on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform  both on premise and on the cloud. Its teams in ideation  requirements  model-based systems engineering  computer-aided design and manufacturing  as well as its value chain  will be connected in one collaborative virtual environment  leveraging knowledge and know-how. This creates value  to enable JLR’s employees to focus on high-quality tasks as well as empower them to evolve in more advanced roles.“JLR is utilizing the 3DEXPERIENCE platform to enhance its virtual twin experience  creating software-defined vehicles that seamlessly integrate both hardware and software development. This systems engineering approach connects and integrates various disciplines  driving the development of its vehicles and ensuring excellence as demanded by luxury brands ” said Laurence Montanari  Vice President  Transportation & Mobility Industry  Dassault Systèmes. “Our software as a service solution provides JLR teams with increased agility and the ability to access the latest technology on demand. After five years of partnership  we are opening a new era of collaboration beyond engineering and manufacturing through a trusted partnership  where teams from JLR and Dassault Systèmes work closely in short iterations to address JLR and its ecosystem's challenges.”###FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all – consumers  patients and citizens. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 350 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are owned by their respective owners. Use of any Dassault Systèmes or its subsidiaries trademarks is subject to their express written approval.Dassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com +33 (0)1 61 62 87 73North America Natasha LEVANTI natasha.levanti@3ds.com +1 (508) 449 8097EMEA Virginie BLINDENBERG virginie.blindenberg@3ds.com +33 (0) 1 61 62 84 21China Grace MU grace.mu@3ds.com +86 10 6536 2288India Kriti ASHOK kriti.ashok@3ds.com +91 9741310607Japan Wen YANG wen.yang@3ds.com +81 3 4321 6549Korea Jeemin JEONG jeemin.jeong@3ds.com +82 2 3271 6653Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.59,0.4,0.01,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'All Vehicle Programs', '3DEXPERIENCE Platform', 'JLR', 'Partnership', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'one collaborative virtual environment', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud', 'mobility industry solution experiences', 'virtual twin experiences', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'express written approval', 'China Grace MU', 'Japan Wen YANG', 'All Vehicle Programs', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'model-based systems engineering', 'systems engineering approach', 'latest technological innovation', '3D design software', 'EMEA Virginie BLINDENBERG', 'India Kriti ASHOK', 'Korea Jeemin JEONG', 'long-term strategic partnership', 'modern luxury vehicles', 'JLR business areas', 'Press Release', 'collaborative innovation', 'virtual twins', 'service solution', 'vehicle engineering', 'computer-aided design', 'luxury brands', 'latest technology', 'Experience Economy', 'digital transformation', 'next phase', 'responsible business', 'digital manufacturing', 'Euronext Paris', 'five years', 'new era', 'production management', 'high levels', 'entire portfolio', 'high-quality tasks', 'advanced roles', 'software-defined vehicles', 'various disciplines', 'Laurence Montanari', 'Vice President', 'short iterations', 'PLM) solutions', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'meaningful impact', 'human-centered economy', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'commercial trademarks', 'registered trademarks', 'European company', 'Societas Europaea', 'French law', 'Versailles trade', 'companies registry', 'United States', 'other trademarks', 'respective owners', 'North America', 'Natasha LEVANTI', 'Five-year partnership', 'trusted partnership', 'software development', 'long-standing collaboration', 'real world', 'other countries', 'subsidiaries trademarks', 'value chain', 'end development', '3DS logo', 'JLR teams', '150 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'May', 'automaker', 'good', 'More', '18,000 users', 'efficiency', 'time', 'waste', 'costs', 'stakeholders', 'DSY', 'sustainability', 'enterprise', 'suppliers', 'decision', 'scale', 'commitment', 'excellence', 'personalization', 'transportation', 'premise', 'cloud', 'ideation', 'requirements', 'knowledge', 'know-how', 'employees', 'hardware', 'agility', 'demand', 'ecosystem', 'challenges', 'INFORMATION', 'catalyst', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'creation', 'offer', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', 'sizes', 'industries', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'number', 'Attachment', '©']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-Wins-320-Million-Water-Technology-Contract-for-World-s-Most-Energy-efficient-Desalination-46713958/,Veolia Wins $320 Million Water Technology Contract for World's Most Energy-efficient Desalination Plant  Enhancing Water Security in UAE,(marketscreener.com) With a capacity of 818 000 cubic meters per day  this reverse osmosis desalination plant will supply drinking water to 2 million people.Advanced reverse osmosis technologies combined with Veolia’s extensive expertise in critical pre…,With a capacity of 818 000 cubic meters per day  this reverse osmosis desalination plant will supply drinking water to 2 million people. Advanced reverse osmosis technologies combined with Veolia’s extensive expertise in critical pretreatment and posttreatment stages  have reduced the energy used to desalinate seawater by 35% over the past ten years. This new generation of plants at the cutting edge of energy efficiency is fully in line with Veolia's GreenUp strategic plan  thanks to the accelerated deployment of solutions to preserve water resources.Regulatory News:Veolia (Paris:VIE)  world water technology leader  through its subsidiary SIDEM  will engineer and supply key technology for the Hassyan seawater desalination plant in Dubai  United Arab Emirates (UAE). Commissioned by Dubai Electricity and Water Authority (DEWA) and ACWA Power  the plant will be the second largest desalination plant based on reverse osmosis (RO) technology in the world  and the largest desalination plant powered by solar energy. This significant project underlines Veolia's commitment  reaffirmed in its new GreenUp strategic plan  to provide sustainable  low-carbon and energy-efficient solutions  while guaranteeing the preservation of water resources in a context of adaptation to climate change.Located approximately 55 kilometers southwest of Dubai Creek  the Hassyan desalination plant will have a capacity of 818 000 cubic meters per day (m3/d) — 180 million imperial gallons per day (MIGD) — providing a safe and reliable source of drinking water to two million people. The plant will start operating in 2026  with a gradual ramp-up to full capacity in 2027. The project is part of a broader strategy to sustainably increase water desalination capacity  to help support Dubai's increasing demand for water in domestic and commercial settings. Furthermore  this plant will be the largest desalination plant powered by solar energy in the world.This project will feature an exceptional energy efficiency performance  with an incredibly low energy consumption rate of 2 9 kilowatt-hours per cubic meter (kWh/m3). SIDEM's extensive expertise in large-scale desalination  including the critical pre-treatment and post-treatment stages  has helped maximize the potential of RO technology in terms of energy efficiency  reducing the energy consumption of RO desalination plants by a further 35% over the past 10 years.The plant is located near the Jebel Ali Wetland Sanctuary  a Ramsar protected site recognized by the Convention on Biological Diversity as an ecologically or biologically significant marine area of international importance. To ensure the uninterrupted nesting process of endangered turtles  construction activities have carefully been planned around the breeding season. Additionally  the plant adheres strictly to environmental laws and regulations in terms of composition  temperature and quantity of brine discharged  with discharge areas thoughtfully selected to mitigate any potential impact on the ecosystem.Estelle Brachlianoff  Chief Executive Officer of Veolia  said : “All over the world  people are looking for solutions to climate change. The watchword is adaptation: at Veolia  we have solutions to act as a catalyst for ecological transformation  which is the thrust of our GreenUp strategic plan. This latest achievement confirms our leading position in water technologies. Our commitment to high operational and environmental standards has been the driving force behind our leadership in desalination for over 50 years. Our efforts have made the impossible possible  reducing the energy consumption of large-scale desalination to 2 9 kWh/m3.”▁▁▁ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia’s ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023. www.veolia.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240514684842/en/,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,negative,0.02,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['$320 Million Water Technology Contract', 'Energy-efficient Desalination Plant', 'Water Security', 'Veolia', 'World', 'UAE', 'Jebel Ali Wetland Sanctuary', 'Advanced reverse osmosis technologies', 'reverse osmosis (RO) technology', 'reverse osmosis desalination plant', 'new GreenUp strategic plan', 'exceptional energy efficiency performance', 'low energy consumption rate', 'second largest desalination plant', 'Hassyan seawater desalination plant', 'world water technology leader', 'supply key technology', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Ramsar protected site', 'uninterrupted nesting process', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Hassyan desalination plant', '180 million imperial gallons', '63 million metric tons', 'significant marine area', 'three complementary activities', 'RO desalination plants', 'two million people', 'useful, practical solutions', 'past ten years', 'water desalination capacity', 'RO technology', 'water technologies', 'new generation', 'large-scale desalination', '2 million people', '113 million people', 'past 10 years', 'construction activities', 'drinking water', 'Water Authority', 'solar energy', '818,000 cubic meters', 'extensive expertise', 'critical pretreatment', 'posttreatment stages', 'cutting edge', 'accelerated deployment', 'Regulatory News', 'ACWA Power', 'sustainable, low-carbon', 'climate change', 'reliable source', 'gradual ramp-up', 'broader strategy', 'increasing demand', 'commercial settings', 'critical pre-treatment', 'post-treatment stages', 'Biological Diversity', 'international importance', 'endangered turtles', 'breeding season', 'environmental laws', 'discharge areas', 'Estelle Brachlianoff', 'ecological transformation', 'latest achievement', 'leading position', 'high operational', 'environmental standards', 'driving force', 'benchmark company', 'five continents', 'wastewater services', 'consolidated sales', 'source version', 'water resources', 'significant project', 'full capacity', 'available resources', 'energy-efficient solutions', 'subsidiary SIDEM', 'Dubai Electricity', 'Dubai Creek', 'potential impact', 'Paris Euronext', 'Veolia Environnement', 'Veolia group', '50 years', 'day', 'line', 'VIE', 'UAE', 'DEWA', 'commitment', 'preservation', 'context', 'adaptation', 'MIGD', 'safe', 'part', 'domestic', '2,9 kilowatt-hours', 'kWh', 'terms', 'Convention', 'ecologically', 'biologically', 'regulations', 'composition', 'temperature', 'quantity', 'brine', 'ecosystem', 'watchword', 'catalyst', 'thrust', 'leadership', 'efforts', 'ambition', '218,000 employees', 'access', '42 terawatt-hours', 'businesswire']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/14/1800-shares-in-public-storage-nysepsa-bought-by-principal-securities-inc/,1 800 Shares in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Bought by Principal Securities Inc.,Principal Securities Inc. bought a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor bought 1 …,Principal Securities Inc. bought a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor bought 1 800 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $549 000.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. EdgeRock Capital LLC acquired a new position in shares of Public Storage during the fourth quarter worth about $32 000. Private Ocean LLC boosted its position in Public Storage by 5 450.0% during the 4th quarter. Private Ocean LLC now owns 111 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $34 000 after acquiring an additional 109 shares during the last quarter. Centerpoint Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter worth approximately $35 000. Turtle Creek Wealth Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $35 000. Finally  Aspire Private Capital LLC lifted its position in shares of Public Storage by 44.0% in the third quarter. Aspire Private Capital LLC now owns 144 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $38 000 after purchasing an additional 44 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Stock Up 0.4 %PSA opened at $276.91 on Tuesday. The company has a current ratio of 0.54  a quick ratio of 0.54 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59. The stock’s fifty day simple moving average is $275.58 and its 200 day simple moving average is $276.88. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $312.25. The stock has a market cap of $48.66 billion  a PE ratio of 25.15  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 3.62 and a beta of 0.57.Public Storage Announces DividendPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.15 by ($1.94). The company had revenue of $1.16 billion for the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a return on equity of 36.17% and a net margin of 45.62%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year  the business posted $4.16 EPS. As a group  research analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.92 earnings per share for the current year.The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Investors of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday  June 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.33%. Public Storage’s payout ratio is currently 108.99%.Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesA number of research firms recently weighed in on PSA. BMO Capital Markets raised their target price on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday  March 19th. Raymond James raised Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday  March 28th. Barclays initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Wednesday  March 27th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $330.00 price target for the company. Scotiabank boosted their price target on Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Monday  March 18th. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company raised Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $280.00 to $310.00 in a report on Friday  April 5th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have issued a hold rating  six have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. According to MarketBeat  the company currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $305.00.View Our Latest Analysis on Public StorageAbout Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.6,True,English,"['Principal Securities Inc', 'Public Storage', '1,800 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Turtle Creek Wealth Advisors LLC', 'fifty day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'Aspire Private Capital LLC', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Centerpoint Advisors LLC', 'PSA Get Free Report', 'EdgeRock Capital LLC', 'Private Ocean LLC', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'other hedge funds', 'sector perform” rating', 'equal weight” rating', 'Principal Securities Inc.', 'analysts’ consensus estimates', '35% common equity interest', 'average target price', 'market perform” rating', 'strong buy rating', 'One research analyst', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'other institutional investors', 'Dividend Public Storage', 'net margin', 'average rating', 'Public Storage Stock', 'Shurgard brand', 'analyst estimates', 'research analysts', 'market cap', '$330.00 target price', '$330.00 price target', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'outperform” rating', 'strong-buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'research report', 'price objective', 'research firms', 'new stake', 'Exchange Commission', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'PE ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'prior year', 'current year', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'Raymond James', 'Wells Fargo', 'April 5th', 'Latest Analysis', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Featured Stories', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'third quarter', 'same quarter', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', 'new position', 'quarterly revenue', 'United States', 'earnings results', 'additional 109 shares', 'additional 44 shares', '40 states', '16.92 earnings', '1,800 shares', '111 shares', '144 shares', 'NYSE', 'company', 'number', 'stakes', 'Tuesday', 'debt', 'beta', 'February', 'EPS', 'missing', 'return', 'business', 'group', 'Thursday', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'yield', 'Downgrades', 'March', 'Barclays', 'coverage', 'Scotiabank', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', 'News', 'Ratings', '45.']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,etfdailynews.com
40962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881677/0/en/Coface-appoints-Ernesto-de-Martinis-as-head-of-the-Mediterranean-and-Africa-Region-and-Pietro-Vargiu-as-country-manager-in-Italy.html,Coface appoints Ernesto de Martinis as head of the Mediterranean and Africa Region and Pietro Vargiu as country manager in Italy,Coface appoints Ernesto de Martinis as head of the Mediterranean and Africa Region and Pietro Vargiu as country manager in Italy  Paris  14 May 2024 –......,"Coface appoints Ernesto de Martinis as head of the Mediterranean and Africa Region and Pietro Vargiu as country manager in ItalyParis  14 May 2024 – 18.00Coface is announcing two changes in the Mediterranean and Africa region management with the appointments of Ernesto de Martinis as Managing Director for the region and Pietro Vargiu as Country Manager in Italy. These changes will be effective from 1 July 2024.Ernesto is based in Milan and will report to Xavier Durand  CEO of Coface. He replaces Cécile Paillard who will continue her career outside the Group.Ernesto joined Coface in 2000 and was appointed Country Manager of Coface Italy in 2012. Under his leadership  Coface Italy has become the largest contributor to Coface's turnover and a strong  profitable  and diversified entity with a leading position in the credit insurance and bonding market. The development of business information is a new growth area in the Italian market  benefiting from positive momentum.Pietro has a long career in the insurance sector and has held various positions within Coface for the Italian and regional activities  in the areas of risk and commercial sales and underwriting.Ernesto and Pietro's objective will be to enable Coface to continue its growth trajectory and to play a key role in the 2024-2027 ""Power the core"" strategic plan.Coface would also like to thank Cécile Paillard for her commitment over the past 7 years and wish her every success in her future career.CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comAdrien BILLET: +33 1 49 02 23 6394 – adrien.billet@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023/2024(subject to change)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2023: 16 May 2024H1-2024 results: 5 August 2024 (after market close)9M-2024 results: 5 November 2024 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2023 and our 2023 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith over 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in Trade Credit Insurance & risk management  and a recognized provider of Factoring  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Bonding  and Information Services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients in 100 countries build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses. With Coface’s insight and advice  these companies can make informed decisions. The Group' solutions strengthen their ability to sell by providing them with reliable information on their commercial partners and protecting them against non-payment risks  both domestically and for export. In 2023  Coface employed ~4 970 people and registered a turnover of €1.87 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2023 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 5 April 2024 under the number D.24-0242 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.19,0.22,True,English,"['Ernesto de Martinis', 'Africa Region', 'Pietro Vargiu', 'country manager', 'Coface', 'head', 'Mediterranean', 'Italy', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'Cécile Paillard', 'core"" strategic plan', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'integral regulatory information', 'new growth area', ""The Group' solutions"", 'Ernesto de Martinis', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Main risk factors', 'Trade Credit Insurance', 'Africa region management', 'The Coface Group', 'key role', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'new information', 'insurance sector', 'growth trajectory', 'benoit.chastel', 'FOR TRADE', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'risk management', 'business information', 'regulated information', 'Information Services', 'reliable information', 'country manager', 'Managing Director', 'Xavier Durand', 'largest contributor', 'diversified entity', 'leading position', 'positive momentum', 'various positions', 'regional activities', 'commercial sales', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'H1-2024 results', '9M-2024 results', 'press release', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'recognized provider', 'Debt Collection', 'global economy', 'informed decisions', 'commercial partners', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'market close', 'long career', 'future career', 'non-payment risks', 'unidentified risks', 'Pietro Vargiu', 'two changes', 'past 7 years', 'dynamic businesses', 'COFACE SA', 'bonding market', 'Italian market', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Adrien BILLET', 'Coface Italy', '75 years', 'head', 'Mediterranean', '14 May', 'appointments', '1 July', 'Milan', 'CEO', 'leadership', 'turnover', 'development', 'areas', 'underwriting', 'objective', '2024-2027', 'commitment', 'success', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', '16 May', 'website', 'APM', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', 'experience', 'Factoring', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', '100 countries', 'insight', 'advice', 'companies', 'ability', 'export', '~4,970 people', 'DISCLAIMER', 'declarations', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'AMF', '5 April', 'number', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '49 02']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/14/2881708/0/en/Description-of-the-share-buyback-programme.html,Description of the share buyback programme,Authorised by the combined General Meeting dated 14 May 2024     This description is drawn up in accordance with the provisions of Articles 241-1 and...,Authorised by the combined General Meeting dated 14 May 2024This description is drawn up in accordance with the provisions of Articles 241-1 and 241-2 I of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers).Date of the General Meeting called to authorise the share buyback programmeThe authorisation for the Company to buy its own shares was approved at the combined General Shareholders' Meeting dated 14 May 2024.Breakdown by objective of the securities heldAs at 10 May 2024  Ayvens held 979 822 of its own shares  representing 0.1% of its share capital. The allocation of the shares is as follows:Cancellation: 0Allocation to employees and executive officers: 839 734Exercise of rights attached to securities: 0Liquidity agreement: 140 088External growth: 0Implement market practices: 0Purposes of the share buyback programmeAyvens has received authorisations to purchase its own shares  to:a. cancel them  pursuant to the 18th resolution of the General Shareholders' Meeting held on 24 May 2023;b. allocate  cover and honour any free shares or employee savings plans and any type of allocation for the benefit of employees or corporate officers of the Company or affiliated companies under the terms and conditions stipulated or permitted by French or foreign law  particularly in the context of participation in the results of the expansion of the Company  the granting of free shares  any employee shareholding plans as well as completing any related transactions to cover the aforementioned employee shareholding plans;c. provide shares upon the exercise of rights attached to securities giving access to the share capital of the Company;d. market making activities under a liquidity contract  signed with an investment services provider  in compliance with the market practices permitted by the AMF (“l’Autorité des marchés financiers”);e. retain and later tender as part of the Group's external growth transactions;f. implement any market practice that may become recognised by law or by the AMF.Maximum amount allocated to the share buyback programme  maximum number and characteristics of the securities  maximum purchase priceThe resolution approved at the General Meeting provides that Ayvens can purchase its ordinary shares for an amount of up to 5% of the share capital at the date of making these purchases  it being specified that the maximum number of shares held after these purchases may not at any time exceed 10% of share capital.As at 10 May 2023  without taking into account the shares already held  a theoretical maximum number of 40 848 021 shares could be purchased. Given the number of securities already held at this date and the possibility to hold an amount of shares representing up to 10% of the share capital  the Company could purchase up to 39 868 199 shares.The maximum purchase price was set at EUR 28.60 per share. The authorisation limits the amount of funds allocated to the programme to EUR 600 million.Duration of share buyback programmeThe combined General Meeting dated 14 May 2024 set the duration of the authorisation for the Company to buy and sell its own shares at 18 months from the date of the General Meeting.Fulfilment of prudential requirementsThe Board of Directors will ensure that the execution of these buybacks will be carried out in accordance with prudential requirements as defined by the regulation and the European Central Bank.About Ayvens Ayvens is the leading global sustainable mobility player committed to making life flow better. We’ve been improving mobility for decades  providing full-service leasing  flexible subscription services  fleet management and multi-mobility solutions to large international corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals. With more than 14 500 employees across 42 countries  3.4 millionvehicles and the world’s largest multi-brand EV fleet we’re leveraging our unique position to lead the way to net zero and spearhead the digital transformation of the mobility sector. The company is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: ALD). Societe Generale Group is Ayvens majority shareholder.Find out more at ayvens.comPress contact Elise BooréeCommunications DepartmentTel: +33 (0)6 25 01 24 16elise.booree@ayvens.comTAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Description', 'Elise Boorée Communications Department', 'leading global sustainable mobility player', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'largest multi-brand EV fleet', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'employee savings plans', 'employee shareholding plans', 'investment services provider', 'European Central Bank', 'flexible subscription services', 'large international corporates', 'maximum purchase price', ""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Societe Generale Group', 'share buyback programme', 'Implement market practices', 'external growth transactions', 'theoretical maximum number', 'Ayvens majority shareholder', 'combined General Meeting', 'fleet management', 'mobility sector', 'related transactions', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'executive officers', 'Liquidity agreement', 'corporate officers', 'affiliated companies', 'liquidity contract', 'prudential requirements', 'multi-mobility solutions', 'private individuals', 'million vehicles', 'unique position', 'digital transformation', 'Compartment A', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press contact', 'T Attachment', 'Maximum amount', '18th resolution', 'foreign law', 'free shares', 'ordinary shares', 'Ayvens Ayvens', '40,848,021 shares', '39,868,199 shares', '14 May', 'description', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Date', 'authorisation', 'Company', 'Breakdown', 'objective', 'securities', '10 May', 'allocation', 'Cancellation', 'employees', 'Exercise', 'rights', 'Purposes', '24 May', 'type', 'benefit', 'terms', 'conditions', 'context', 'participation', 'results', 'expansion', 'granting', 'access', 'activities', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'characteristics', 'purchases', 'time', 'account', 'possibility', 'funds', 'Duration', '18 months', 'Fulfilment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'execution', 'buybacks', 'life', 'decades', 'SMEs', 'professionals', '42 countries', 'world', 'way', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'ALD', 'Tel', 'booree']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,globenewswire.com
40964,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ICELANDIC-SALMON-114282622/news/Icelandic-Salmon-Q1-2024-Volume-guiding-for-2024-unchanged-despite-challenging-first-quarter-46712133/,Icelandic Salmon Q1 2024: Volume guiding for 2024 unchanged despite challenging first quarter,"(marketscreener.com) Bíldudalur  14th of May 2024 Icelandic Salmon is the parent company of Arnarlax  and other subsidiaries involved in salmon farming and processing in Iceland. The companies are collectively referred to as ""Icelandic Salmon"" or the ""Group"".…","Bíldudalur  14th of May 2024Icelandic Salmon is the parent company of Arnarlax  and other subsidiaries involved in salmon farming and processing in Iceland. The companies are collectively referred to as ""Icelandic Salmon"" or the ""Group"".OperationsIn the first quarter 2024  Icelandic Salmon harvested 2 769 tonnes compared to 6 572 tonnes in the same quarter last year. The lower volume follows months of extraordinary harvesting at the end of last year  when biological challenges prompted the company to harvest early for animal welfare reasons.There was biological challenges in the first quarter this year. Mortality rate in the 2023 generation in the sea and at one of the smolt facilities was unusually high  resulting in one-off costs of EUR 3.6 million in the period.“During this winter  our team has had to face a series of quite unusual operational challenges. We have been reminded that in our industry  we must be able to adapt and quickly adjust our plans. In order to do so  we need robust companies with highly skilled and resourceful people  which we are fortunate to have ” said Bjørn Hembre  CEO of Icelandic Salmon.The group reported revenues of EUR 27.5 million in the first quarter 2024  compared to 68.9 million in the first quarter 2023. The EBIT for the quarter was negative EUR 0.5 million  which includes the one-off cost mentioned above. Operational EBIT/kg was negative EUR 0.20. Adjusted for one-offs EBIT/kg was EUR 1.1.Market and strategic milestonesIcelandic Salmon continues to see strong interest for its products. The company benefitted from high average weight on fish sold.Icelandic Salmon holds licenses for 23 700 tonnes maximum allowed biomass (MAB) in the Icelandic Westfjords. The company expects to be awarded another 10 000 tonnes MAB license shortly  for sterile salmon at three more sites in Ísafjörður.OutlookFor the year 2024 as a whole  Icelandic Salmon maintains that it expects to harvest 15 000 tonnes. The spring 2022 generation is performing well and shows significant improvements on key parameters.“For the longer-term  we see a potential for growth up to 26 000 tonnes on existing licenses  and based on the results we see of quality on smolt and the performance of our spring 2022 generation  we expect to get there soon. We are a committed team with strong company culture  and with a value chain which is well prepared to handle higher volumes ” said Bjørn Hembre  before concluding:“As a leading producer of salmon  we are concerned that the uncertainty of the process with implementing new aquaculture law has introduced could be making it more difficult for Iceland to build further on this new pillar of our economy where competitiveness is of key importance in the global markets. We remain committed  however  to work with policy makers and other stakeholders to establish a balanced  competitive and predictable legal and fiscal framework going forward.”Presentation detailsAttached is the presentation for the first quarter 2024.The company's CEO Bjørn Hembre and CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson will be presenting the company's results at 9:00 Icelandic time (11:00 CEST). The presentation will be held in English via webcast  please copy and paste the following link into your browser: www.arnarlax.webcast.is .There will be a Q&A session after the presentations so you can send in questions during the presentation to questions@arnarlax.isA recording of the presentation will be made available on the company's website.After the presentation there is an opportunity to book one-on-one meeting either at our office in Reykjavík (Borgartún 18) or on Teams between 10:15 - 15:00 Icelandic time  if interested  please send an email to hjortur@arnarlax.isFor further information  please contact:CEO Bjørn HembreTel: +354 620 1936Email: bjorn@arnarlax.isCFO Jónas Heiðar BirgissonTel: +354 855 7760Email: jonas@arnarlax.isAbout Icelandic Salmon:Icelandic Salmon is listed at the Euronext Growth and Nasdaq First North. The company is the 100% owner of Arnarlax ehf  the leading farming company in Iceland with their head office in Bildudalur. The company is fully integrated  from egg to the fish is delivered to customers in the market  with control over all parts of the value chain.See https://www.arnarlax.is for more information about the company.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading ActAttachment",neutral,0.13,0.83,0.04,mixed,0.24,0.24,0.52,True,English,"['Icelandic Salmon Q1', 'challenging first quarter', 'Volume', '2024', 'CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act Attachment', '23,700 tonnes maximum allowed biomass', 'CEO Bjørn Hembre', 'animal welfare reasons', 'high average weight', 'Ísafjörður', 'Q&A session', 'new aquaculture law', 'Nasdaq First North', 'unusual operational challenges', 'strong company culture', '10,000 tonnes MAB license', 'leading farming company', 'strong interest', 'leading producer', 'new pillar', 'salmon farming', 'biological challenges', 'first quarter', 'Bíldudalur', 'other subsidiaries', 'lower volume', 'extraordinary harvesting', 'Mortality rate', 'one-off costs', 'resourceful people', 'Operational EBIT/kg', 'strategic milestones', 'Icelandic Westfjords', 'significant improvements', 'key parameters', 'value chain', 'higher volumes', 'key importance', 'global markets', 'policy makers', 'other stakeholders', 'balanced, competitive', 'predictable legal', 'fiscal framework', '9:00 Icelandic time', 'following link', 'Reykjavík', 'Borgartún', '15:00 Icelandic time', 'disclosure requirements', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'sterile salmon', 'same quarter', 'spring 2022 generation', 'last year', 'smolt facilities', 'robust companies', 'existing licenses', 'committed team', 'one meeting', 'Euronext Growth', 'head office', 'parent company', 'Presentation details', 'Arnarlax ehf', '2,769 tonnes', '6,572 tonnes', '15,000 tonnes', '26,000 tonnes', '2023 generation', '14th', 'May', 'processing', 'Group', 'Operations', 'months', 'end', 'sea', 'period', 'winter', 'series', 'industry', 'plans', 'order', 'skilled', 'revenues', 'offs', 'products', 'fish', 'three', 'sites', 'Outlook', 'longer-term', 'potential', 'results', 'quality', 'performance', 'uncertainty', 'economy', 'competitiveness', 'English', 'webcast', 'browser', 'presentations', 'questions', 'recording', 'website', 'opportunity', 'Teams', 'email', 'hjortur', 'information', 'Tel', 'bjorn', 'jonas', '100% owner', 'Bildudalur', 'egg', 'customers', 'control', 'parts', 'Section', '10:15']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40965,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/jlr-and-dassault-systmes-extend-partnership-deploying-the-3dexperience-platform-for-all-vehicle-programs-worldwide-93CH-3438553,JLR and Dassault SystÃ¨mes Extend Partnership  Deploying the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform for All Vehicle Programs Worldwide By Investing.com,JLR and Dassault SystÃ¨mes Extend Partnership  Deploying the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform for All Vehicle Programs Worldwide,Five-year partnership marks the next phase of their long-standing collaboration to drive the automaker's transformation for a good and responsible businessMore than 18 000 users globally will utilize virtual twins to increase the efficiency of vehicle engineering and digital manufacturing  save time  and reduce waste and costsThe 3DEXPERIENCE platform connects all stakeholders in one collaborative virtual environment  leveraging the latest technological innovationVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dassault SystÃ¨mes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that it has extended its long-term strategic partnership with JLR for five years  heralding a new era of digital transformation at the automaker that will drive improved efficiency  collaborative innovation and sustainability throughout the enterprise.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513317472/en/Image courtesy of JLRJLR continues to deploy Dassault SystÃ¨mes' 3DEXPERIENCE platform globally  to support the end-to-end development of all its modern luxury vehicles. More than 18 000 users across all JLR business areas and suppliers will make use of virtual twins to increase efficiency  improve production management  save time  and reduce waste and costs.JLR's decision to deploy the 3DEXPERIENCE platform at this scale further confirms the role that Dassault SystÃ¨mes plays in JLR's commitment for a good and responsible business in an industry that demands high levels of excellence and personalization.JLR can leverage Dassault SystÃ¨mes' entire portfolio of transportation and mobility industry solution experiences based on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform  both on premise and on the cloud. Its teams in ideation  requirements  model-based systems engineering  computer-aided design and manufacturing  as well as its value chain  will be connected in one collaborative virtual environment  leveraging knowledge and know-how. This creates value  to enable JLR's employees to focus on high-quality tasks as well as empower them to evolve in more advanced roles.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorJLR is utilizing the 3DEXPERIENCE platform to enhance its virtual twin experience  creating software-defined vehicles that seamlessly integrate both hardware and software development. This systems engineering approach connects and integrates various disciplines  driving the development of its vehicles and ensuring excellence as demanded by luxury brands  said Laurence Montanari  Vice President  Transportation & Mobility Industry  Dassault SystÃ¨mes. Our software as a service solution provides JLR teams with increased agility and the ability to access the latest technology on demand. After five years of partnership  we are opening a new era of collaboration beyond engineering and manufacturing through a trusted partnership  where teams from JLR and Dassault SystÃ¨mes work closely in short iterations to address JLR and its ecosystem's challenges.FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault SystÃ¨mes' 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comConnect with Dassault SystÃ¨mes onX Facebook (NASDAQ: ) LinkedIn YouTubeABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÃˆMESDassault SystÃ¨mes is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all “ consumers  patients and citizens. Dassault SystÃ¨mes brings value to more than 350 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comhere or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureor© Dassault SystÃ¨mes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault SystÃ¨mes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are owned by their respective owners. Use of any Dassault SystÃ¨mes or its subsidiaries trademarks is subject to their express written approval.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513317472/en/Dassault SystÃ¨mes Press ContactsCorporate / France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com +33 (0)1 61 62 87 73North America Natasha LEVANTI natasha.levanti@3ds.com +1 (508) 449 8097EMEA Virginie BLINDENBERG virginie.blindenberg@3ds.com +33 (0) 1 61 62 84 21China Grace MU grace.mu@3ds.com +86 10 6536 2288India Kriti ASHOK kriti.ashok@3ds.com +91 9741310607Japan Wen YANG wen.yang@3ds.com +81 3 4321 6549Korea Jeemin JEONG jeemin.jeong@3ds.com +82 2 3271 6653Source: Dassault SystÃ¨mes,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.3,0.35,True,English,"['Dassault SystÃ¨mes', '3DEXPERIENCE Platform', 'Vehicle Programs', 'JLR', 'Partnership', 'All', 'Investing', ""Dassault SystÃ¨mes' entire portfolio"", ""Dassault SystÃ¨mes' 3DEXPERIENCE platform"", 'one collaborative virtual environment', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud', 'mobility industry solution experiences', 'DASSAULT SYSTÃˆMES', 'virtual twin experiences', 'collaborative virtual environments', '3rd party Ad.', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'Press Contacts Corporate', 'model-based systems engineering', 'systems engineering approach', 'latest technological innovation', 'long-term strategic partnership', '3D design software', 'modern luxury vehicles', 'JLR business areas', 'collaborative innovation', 'virtual twins', 'service solution', 'press release', 'computer-aided design', 'luxury brands', 'latest technology', 'Experience Economy', 'vehicle engineering', 'digital transformation', 'Five-year partnership', 'next phase', 'responsible business', 'digital manufacturing', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'five years', 'new era', 'full release', 'Image courtesy', 'production management', 'high levels', 'high-quality tasks', 'advanced roles', 'Investing.com', 'software-defined vehicles', 'various disciplines', 'Laurence Montanari', 'Vice President', 'trusted partnership', 'short iterations', 'PLM) solutions', 'X Facebook', 'LinkedIn YouTube', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'meaningful impact', 'human-centered economy', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'commercial trademarks', 'registered trademarks', 'European company', 'Societas Europaea', 'French law', 'Versailles trade', 'companies registry', 'United States', 'other trademarks', 'respective owners', 'written approval', 'source version', 'software development', 'standing collaboration', 'real world', 'other countries', 'subsidiaries trademarks', 'value chain', '3DS logo', 'end development', 'JLR teams', '150 countries', 'automaker', 'good', 'More', '18,000 users', 'efficiency', 'time', 'waste', 'costs', 'stakeholders', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'DSY', 'improved', 'sustainability', 'enterprise', 'businesswire', 'news', 'suppliers', 'decision', 'scale', 'commitment', 'excellence', 'personalization', 'transportation', 'premise', 'cloud', 'ideation', 'requirements', 'knowledge', 'know-how', 'employees', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'hardware', 'agility', 'demand', 'ecosystem', 'challenges', 'INFORMATION', 'NASDAQ', 'catalyst', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'creation', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', 'sizes', 'industries', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'number', 'express']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,investing.com
40966,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46712413/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7914 £ 24.9045 Estimated MTD return 0.48 % 0.52 % Estimated YTD return 0.88 % 1.36 % Estimated ITD return 177.91 % 149.04 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -5.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.5629 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.5744The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40967,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DGB-GROUP-N-V-6434/news/DGB-N-Group-provides-update-on-agreement-with-leading-car-manufacturer-46712387/,DGB N : Group provides update on agreement with leading car manufacturer,(marketscreener.com)  DGB Group N.V.   a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  provides an update on its agreement with a leading car manufacturer   which was signed on 30 October 2023.   The agreement granted the Client excl…,"DGB Group N.V. (""DGB"" or ""the Group"") (Euronext: DGB: NL0009169515)  a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  provides an update on its agreement with a leading car manufacturer (""the Client"")  which was signed on 30 October 2023.The agreement granted the Client exclusivity and the option to acquire carbon units from DGB's esteemed Bulindi Chimpanzee Habitat Restoration Project  to be verified under Gold Standard number GS 12226 (the ""Project""). The commitment followed the announcement that the Project would be featured in the BBC's upcoming 'Planet Earth III' documentary series  narrated by David Attenborough. The episode spotlighting the Bulindi Chimpanzees aired in the UK on 19 November 2023  with further broadcasts scheduled across various European regions thereafter.Initially  the agreement stated that the exact volume for purchase was to be confirmed by 31 December 2023. DGB offered an extension on the option to 31 January 2024 and  in accordance with this newly agreed deadline  the Client sent the option exercise notice on 30 January 2024  which confirmed the purchase volume of 240 000 carbon units.The exercise of the option agreement and the agreed purchase volume of 240 000 carbon units has been taken into account in DGB's financial outlook  as mentioned in its 2023 annual report and recent Q1 update.DGB looks forward to finalizing and will continue to communicate any new information to the market as it becomes available.About the projectThe Bulindi Chimpanzee Habitat Restoration Project is a groundbreaking afforestation initiative located in western Uganda. It addresses the urgent conservation needs in the Hoima and Masindi districts  which are home to over 300 wild chimpanzees living in diminishing forest fragments on agricultural land.The Project's community-centred approach collaborates with local communities to find sustainable solutions that benefit both the chimpanzees and the local populace. Initiatives include providing energy-saving stoves  seedlings for woodlots  forest enrichment planting  and training in conservation farming  among others.The overarching goal of the Project is to plant 4.5 million trees over the next six years and restore 8 290 hectares of degraded land. It's projected to generate approximately 4.3 million verified carbon credits over its 41-year lifespan  resulting in anticipated gross revenues of €63.4 million. Notably  25% of these proceeds will directly benefit local communities.Photos and mediaContact for press enquiriesFor more information about DGB's initiatives  please contact:DGB GROUP NVpress@green.earth+31320788118Visit our website:https://www.green.earth/DisclaimerThis press release qualifies as a disclosure within the meaning of Article 17 paragraph 1 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (MAR) and contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 MAR. This press release does not contain an (invitation to make an) offer to buy or sell or otherwise acquire or subscribe to shares in DGB and is not an advice or recommendation to take or refrain from taking any action. This press release contains statements that could be construed as forward-looking statements  including about the financial position of DGB  the results it achieved and the business(es) it runs. Forward-looking statements are all statements that do not relate to historical facts. These statements are based on information currently available and forecasts and estimates made by DGB's management. Although DGB believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  it cannot guarantee that the ultimate results will not differ materially from those statements that could be construed as forward-looking statements. Factors that may lead to or contribute to differences in current expectations include  but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  tax  regulation  stock market price fluctuations  legal proceedings  regulatory investigations  competitive relationships and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statement or the actual results of DGB are discussed in the annual report. The forward-looking statements in this document speak only as of the date of this document. Subject to any legal obligation  DGB assumes no obligation or responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this document  whether related to new information  future events or otherwise. The provision of DGB's services and products is subject to its General Terms and Conditions.",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['leading car manufacturer', 'DGB N', 'Group', 'update', 'agreement', ""upcoming 'Planet Earth III' documentary series"", 'The Bulindi Chimpanzee Habitat Restoration Project', 'stock market price fluctuations', '4.3 million verified carbon credits', 'leading carbon project developer', 'DGB Group N.V.', 'ecosystem restoration company', 'leading car manufacturer', 'Gold Standard number', 'groundbreaking afforestation initiative', 'next six years', 'various European regions', 'urgent conservation needs', 'forest enrichment planting', 'recent Q1 update', 'general economic conditions', 'DGB GROUP NV', 'option exercise notice', 'The Project', 'Bulindi Chimpanzees', '4.5 million trees', 'carbon units', 'forest fragments', 'conservation farming', 'European Parliament', 'General Terms', 'market abuse', 'David Attenborough', 'exact volume', 'financial outlook', '2023 annual report', 'western Uganda', 'Masindi districts', 'agricultural land', 'community-centred approach', 'local communities', 'sustainable solutions', 'local populace', 'energy-saving stoves', 'overarching goal', 'degraded land', '41-year lifespan', 'gross revenues', 'Article 17 paragraph', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'financial position', 'business(es', 'historical facts', 'reasonable assumptions', 'current expectations', 'legal proceedings', 'regulatory investigations', 'competitive relationships', 'forward-looking statement', 'future events', 'press enquiries', 'press release', 'purchase volume', '300 wild chimpanzees', 'ultimate results', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'other factors', 'legal obligation', 'new information', 'Client exclusivity', 'option agreement', 'Euronext', '30 October', 'commitment', 'announcement', 'BBC', 'episode', 'UK', '19 November', 'broadcasts', '31 December', 'extension', '31 January', 'accordance', 'deadline', '30 January', 'account', 'Hoima', 'Initiatives', 'seedlings', 'woodlots', 'training', 'others', '8,290 hectares', 'proceeds', 'Photos', 'media', 'Contact', 'website', 'Disclaimer', 'disclosure', 'meaning', 'Regulation', 'No.', 'Council', '16 April', 'inside', 'invitation', 'offer', 'shares', 'advice', 'recommendation', 'action', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'management', 'differences', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'tax', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'responsibility', 'provision', 'services', 'products']",2024-05-14,2024-05-15,marketscreener.com
40968,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2024/05/15/10012709.htm,Galapagos and Blood Centers of America announce strategic collaboration to accelerate Galapagos' decentralized CAR-T manufacturing network in the U.S.,Mechelen  Belgium; 15 May 2024  22:01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) and Blood Centers of America (BCA) today announced that they have entered into a strategic collaboration for the decentralized manufacturing of Galapagos’ CAR-T cell therapies through BCA’s network in the U.S.,Mechelen  Belgium; 15 May 2024  22:01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) and Blood Centers of America (BCA) today announced that they have entered into a strategic collaboration for the decentralized manufacturing of Galapagos’ CAR-T cell therapies through BCA’s network in the U.S.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['decentralized CAR-T manufacturing network', 'Blood Centers', 'strategic collaboration', 'U.S.', 'Galapagos', 'America', 'Galapagos’ CAR-T cell therapies', 'Galapagos NV', 'Blood Centers', 'strategic collaboration', 'decentralized manufacturing', 'U.S.', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'May', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'America', 'BCA', 'network']",2024-05-15,2024-05-15,tmcnet.com
40969,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/publicis-groupe-nomination-committee-makes-180200595.html,Publicis Groupe Nomination Committee Makes Appointment Recommendations in View of Proposed Governance Changes,In the context of the Supervisory Board’s proposed changes to the company’s governance model  the nomination committee of Publicis Groupe (Paris:PUB) [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] met today  chaired by Élisabeth Badinter ,"PARIS  May 15  2024--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:In the context of the Supervisory Board’s proposed changes to the company’s governance model  the nomination committee of Publicis Groupe (Paris:PUB) [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] met today  chaired by Élisabeth Badinter  in order to recommend the following appointments:André Kudelski as Lead Director. In this role  his primary missions would be to facilitate the smooth operation of the company’s governing bodies alongside the Chairman of the Board; preside over executive sessions; guard against potential conflicts of interest; and supervise the evaluation of the Board of Directors. He will also be a point of contact for shareholders.Arthur Sadoun as Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO.Élisabeth Badinter as Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors.Maurice Lévy as Chairman Emeritus  Publicis GroupeADVERTISEMENTThe Nomination Committee also made its recommendation concerning appointments to the four Board-level committees.To the Audit and Financial Risk Committee  which supervises financial and extra-financial reporting  the effectiveness of internal control systems and risk management  and external auditors:President : Jean CharestMembers: Tom Glocer  André Kudelski  Suzan LeVine  Tidjane Thiam.Expert : Jean-Michel Etienne.To the Nomination Committee  which covers all matters relating to the composition of the Board of Directors and Executive Management:President: Elisabeth BadinterMembers: Jean Charest  Marie-Josée Kravis  André Kudelski  Suzan LeVine  Arthur SadounTo the Remuneration Committee  responsible for oversight of the remuneration and long-term incentives of corporate officers and key group executives.President: Antonella Mei-PochtlerMembers: Tom Glocer  André Kudelski  Patricia BorriniExpert: Michel CicurelTo the Strategic  Environmental and Social Committee  tasked with examining every aspect of the Groupe’s strategy and  including its environmental and social engagements.President: Marie-Josée KravisMembers: Simon Badinter  Tom Glocer  Antonella Mei-Pochtler  Tidjane Thiam  Sophie DulacStory continuesThese recommendations will be examined by the Board of Directors to be convened following the AGM on 29th May  subject to shareholder approval of the change to the company’s governance.Maurice Lévy  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  commented: ""The aim of these recommendations is to ensure a clear balance of powers across the future Board of Directors  should the AGM vote in favour of its creation  notably with the appointment of André Kudelski as Lead Director. After careful consideration  the Nomination Committee believes his qualities and experience make him ideally suited to take on this role.The Supervisory Board conducted a lengthy and thorough review before unanimously approving my proposal to adopt a governance model with a single Board of Directors and to name Arthur Sadoun at its head as Chairman and CEO. Conscious of their duties to the Groupe and to securing its future  the members of the Supervisory Board firmly endorsed this new governing structure  to maintain at the very highest level the leader behind the Groupe’s success over the past years  resulting today in our position as our sector’s highest market capitalization  with the best growth rate and financial KPIs in the industry.Arthur Sadoun will be able to continue to count on my full support  and my active engagement wherever and whenever he may need it.""""Over the past seven years  the partnership that we have formed with Maurice Lévy has seen Publicis extract itself from the pack and emerge as the clear leader in our industry. Through the proposed governance changes we intend to maintain that same duo  to continue to drive ever greater innovation  transformation and value for our clients  our people and our shareholders as we step into the Groupe’s second century"" added Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO  Publicis Groupe.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com| Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Instagram | Viva la Difference!View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240515215338/en/ContactsPublicis GroupeAmy HadfieldCommunication Director+ 33 (0)1 44 43 70 75amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.comJean-Michel BonamyInvestor Relations+ 33 (0)1 44 43 74 88jean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.65,0.33,0.02,True,English,"['Publicis Groupe Nomination Committee', 'Proposed Governance Changes', 'Appointment Recommendations', 'View', 'Marie-Josée Kravis Members', 'Amy Hadfield Communication Director', 'Maurice Lévy', 'four Board-level committees', 'internal control systems', 'key group executives', 'best growth rate', 'four main activities', 'new governing structure', 'Patricia Borrini Expert', 'past seven years', 'highest market capitalization', 'digital business transformation', 'Jean Charest Members', 'Antonella Mei-Pochtler Members', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Financial Risk Committee', 'Contacts Publicis Groupe', 'The Supervisory Board', 'past years', 'Lead Director', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'governing bodies', 'risk management', 'highest level', 'The Power', 'Social Committee', 'The Groupe', 'Regulatory News', 'Élisabeth Badinter', 'André Kudelski', 'primary missions', 'smooth operation', 'executive sessions', 'potential conflicts', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'extra-financial reporting', 'external auditors', 'Tom Glocer', 'Suzan LeVine', 'Tidjane Thiam', 'Jean-Michel Etienne', 'Executive Management', 'Elisabeth Badinter', 'long-term incentives', 'corporate officers', 'Michel Cicurel', 'social engagements', 'Simon Badinter', 'Sophie Dulac', 'shareholder approval', 'clear balance', 'careful consideration', 'thorough review', 'financial KPIs', 'full support', 'active engagement', 'same duo', 'greater innovation', 'second century', 'marketing transformation', 'privileged partner', 'fluid organization', 'source version', 'Jean-Michel Bonamy', 'Investor Relations', 'Remuneration Committee', 'governance model', 'Paris:PUB', 'Euronext Paris', 'clear leader', 'global leader', 'single Board', 'following appointments', 'Strategic, Environmental', '29th May', 'value chain', 'ten expertise', 'clients’ transformation', 'governance changes', 'Chairman Emeritus', 'future Board', 'context', 'company', 'CAC', 'order', 'role', 'guard', 'interest', 'evaluation', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'CEO', 'Vice-Chair', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'recommendation', 'effectiveness', 'President', 'matters', 'composition', 'oversight', 'aspect', 'strategy', 'Story', 'AGM', 'aim', 'powers', 'favour', 'creation', 'qualities', 'experience', 'lengthy', 'proposal', 'head', 'duties', 'success', 'sector', 'industry', 'partnership', 'pack', 'people', 'step', 'consulting', 'execution', 'personalization', 'scale', 'Media', 'Data', 'Technology', 'unified', 'access', '100 countries', '103,000 professionals', 'publicisgroupe', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Viva', 'Difference', 'businesswire']",2024-05-15,2024-05-15,nz.finance.yahoo.com
40970,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-05/62242987-econocom-econocom-joins-the-consortium-headed-by-onepoint-and-supports-its-strategic-plan-to-save-atos-650.htm,ECONOCOM: Econocom joins the consortium headed by Onepoint and supports its strategic plan to save Atos,Press release REGULATED INFORMATION 15 May 2024 Econocom joins the consortium headed by Onepoint and supports its strategic plan to save Atos Econocom  an industrial group specializing in the digital,"Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION15 May 2024Econocom joins the consortium headed by Onepointand supports its strategic plan to save AtosEconocom  an industrial group specializing in the digital transformation of private and public organizations  listed on Euronext Brussels and founded 50 years ago by French entrepreneur Jean-Louis Bouchard  announced today that it has joined the consortium formed by Onepoint  the leader in the technological transformation of companies and public agencies headed by David Layani  with the aim of turning Atos into the European platform for digital  cybersecurity and artificial intelligence and Europe's leading sovereign cloud provider.This venture is also supported by Butler Industries  a French private equity firm based in Paris and founded by Walter Butler  with offices in Shanghai  London and Singapore. It is a continuation of the ongoing partnership between Econocom and Atos: over the past 20 years the two groups have collaborated on a number of IT co-sourcing projects for major groups  mainly for equipment and systems  and set up a joint venture together in 2022.In accordance with the offer submitted to Atos's Board of Directors on 3 May 2024  the strategic plan supported by the consortium is based on three key objectives:Protecting and preserving the entirety of the Group's assets;Enabling the Group to resume a profitable growth trajectory as soon as possible;Restructuring Atos's debt.Jean-Louis Bouchard  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Econocom  said: ""I am delighted to join the consortium set up by Onepoint and Butler Industries to help save the flagship of French technology that is Atos. Econocom has an historic partnership with Atos which has grown constantly over the years. It is our duty to protect and continue this partnership by supporting the only credible venture that can guarantee the group's robustness and longevity: the one led by Onepoint  a company that shares our boldness and our entrepreneurial values.""A BOUT ECONOCOMThe Econocom Group  created 50 years ago  is a pioneer in supporting the digital transformation of companies. Its solutions  focused on the development and transformation of the workplace  audiovisual & digital signage as well as infrastructure  cover the full range of responsibilities and expertise necessary for any digital venture: from the design phase and help in the choice of the solution to the deployment of the equipment and outsourcing. It includes the purchase or rental of equipment  customisation  associated and managed services  as well as the reconditioning of end-of-life equipment.Present in 16 countries with more than 8 800 employees  Econocom is listed on Euronext in Brussels  Bel Mid and Family Business indices. It generated revenue of €2 681 million in 2023.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comFinancial communications agency: info@capvalue.fr +33 1 80 81 50 00Havas: onepoint@havas.com - 06 45 75 81 10 / 06 72 55 80 35------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:nGxyYcealWudxp5ykseamWiXmmlnxmKbmJbJyGFsZ56ZaWqSxZhkasaXZnFmnWtq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-85864-econocom-cp-15.05.24_en.pdf",neutral,0.29,0.7,0.01,positive,0.66,0.33,0.01,True,English,"['strategic plan', 'ECONOCOM', 'consortium', 'Onepoint', 'Atos', 'leading sovereign cloud provider', 'French private equity firm', 'profitable growth trajectory', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Family Business indices', 'Financial communications agency', 'next press releases', 'three key objectives', 'Copyright Actusnews Wire', 'A BOUT ECONOCOM', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'The Econocom Group', 'French entrepreneur', 'French technology', 'strategic plan', 'public organizations', 'Jean-Louis Bouchard', 'public agencies', 'David Layani', 'European platform', 'digital, cybersecurity', 'artificial intelligence', 'Butler Industries', 'Walter Butler', 'two groups', 'sourcing projects', 'major groups', 'entrepreneurial values', 'digital signage', 'design phase', 'managed services', 'Bel Mid', 'original release', 'PDF format', 'digital transformation', 'technological transformation', 'joint venture', 'credible venture', 'digital venture', 'ongoing partnership', 'historic partnership', 'industrial group', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'past 20 years', 'full range', 'life equipment', 'Euronext Brussels', 'May', 'consortium', 'Onepoint', 'Atos', 'leader', 'companies', 'aim', 'Paris', 'offices', 'Shanghai', 'London', 'Singapore', 'continuation', 'number', 'systems', 'accordance', 'offer', 'Board', 'Directors', 'entirety', 'assets', 'debt', 'Chairman', 'flagship', 'duty', 'robustness', 'longevity', 'company', 'boldness', 'pioneer', 'solutions', 'development', 'audiovisual', 'infrastructure', 'responsibilities', 'expertise', 'choice', 'deployment', 'outsourcing', 'purchase', 'rental', 'customisation', 'reconditioning', 'end', '16 countries', '8,800 employees', 'revenue', 'MORE', 'capvalue', 'Havas', 'publication', 'nGxyYcealWudxp5ykseamWiXmmlnxmKbmJbJyGFsZ56ZaWqSxZhkasaXZnFmnWtq', 'email', 'documents_communiques', '06']",2024-05-06,2024-05-15,finanznachrichten.de
40971,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-05/62242574-phaxiam-therapeutics-s-a-phaxiam-provides-business-and-financial-update-for-the-first-quarter-of-2024-399.htm,Phaxiam Therapeutics S.A.: PHAXIAM provides Business and Financial Update for the First Quarter of 2024,PHAXIAM provides Business and Financial Update for the First Quarter of 2024 Webinar (in French) today  May 15  2024  at 6.00 pm CEST Accelerated clinical efforts to roll-out PHAXIAM's strategy in ord,"PHAXIAM provides Business and Financial Updatefor the First Quarter of 2024Webinar (in French) today  May 15  2024  at 6.00 pm CESTAccelerated clinical efforts to roll-out PHAXIAM's strategy in order to create a global phage-therapy leader in high-value indicationsCash and cash equivalents of €5.8 million  as of March 31  2024Lyon (France) and Cambridge (MA  US)  May 15  2024  at 5.45 pm CEST - PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Euronext: PHXM; FR0011471135)  a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for severe and resistant bacterial infections  today provides a business and financial update for the first quarter of 2024.Thibaut du Fayet  Chief Executive Officer of PHAXIAM Therapeutics  stated: ""Almost a year after the creation of PHAXIAM  the company is well on track to become a leading player in phage therapies targeting the most severe bacterial infections. Indeed  we have successfully refocused our clinical programs to indications of high medical needs to provide a therapeutic alternative mainly to patients with severe and resistant Staphylococcus aureus infections  often associated with high mortality and strong impact on healthcare budgets.This is particularly the case for Prosthetic Joint Infections  where PHAXIAM plans to strengthen its leading competitive position through an upcoming first global Phase 2 study  but also for Endocarditis Infections  with the beginning  a couple of weeks ago  of a unique Phase 1 study in this indication with phage therapy.Beyond these two strategic clinical studies  our technological platform and know-how enable us to evaluate our phages in additional indications  such as Diabetic Food Ulcer caused by S. aureus  and potentially later  Urinary Tract Severe Infections caused by E. coli  reinforcing our ambition to develop a unique portfolio of innovative therapies for patients who failed traditional antimicrobial treatments.""BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTSa)Important progress for the Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) programProsthetic Joint Infections (PJI)PHAXIAM is accelerating its PJI clinical development efforts through active preparations of a global Phase 2 proof-of-concept (POC) study. The Phase 2 POC study is intended to be a multicentric  randomized  double-blind trial and is expected to include 100 patients in Europe and the US. PHAXIAM confirms its objective to file a Clinical Trial Application (CTA) with the EMA and the FDA in 3Q 2024 in view of starting patient enrollment in early 2025. The Company intends to capitalize on promising activity signals from real-life compassionate treatments and valuable insights from the PhagoDAIR pilot study  the data of which should be available by the end of 2024.Endocarditis Infections (EI)PHAXIAM has recently initiated the enrolment of a phase 1 study (pharmacokinetic (PK) data) in Endocarditis Infections caused by S. aureus  its second sponsored clinical trial  to evaluate the safety of intravenous administration (IV) of its anti-S. aureus phages. Preliminary clinical results are expected in 2H 2024.b)Complementary clinical trials and programs to confirm the versatility and the value of PHAXIAM's phage-platformDiabetic Foot Ulcer (DFU): Phase 2 (POC) Investigator-Sponsored TrialThis clinical study is targeting DFU infections due to mono-bacterial S. aureus infection in 60 diabetic patients to be enrolled across 10 French hospitals.Escherichia coli (E. coli) program: Phase 1 PK Trial Targeting patients having failed traditional antimicrobial treatment in complex mono-bacterial E. coli infections in the urinary tract due to neurogenic bladder. PHAXIAM has received the validation from the ANSM (French Regulatory agency) to initiate this sponsored clinical trial in France  subject to available financing.These complementary clinical studies are the opportunity to bring additional clinical POC data in other high-value indications.1Q 2024 FINANCIAL INFORMATIONAs of March 31  2024  PHAXIAM had cash and cash equivalents totaling €5.8 million  compared with €10.5 million as of December 31  2023. The €4.5 million decrease in cash position during the first quarter of 2024 was reflecting the R&D and regulatory activities from the newly integrated PHAXIAM team to advance the company's pipeline  mostly in its S. aureus program.The current cash position can fund PHAXIAM's programs and planned operating expenses into August 2024. The Company is currently working on strengthening its financial position to support its clinical development efforts.KEY NEWSFLOW AND MILESTONES EXPECTED OVER THE NEXT 12 MONTHSPreliminary PK data from the Phase 1 study in EI (3Q 2024)Global Phase 2 study in PJI Regulatory Approval (4Q 2024)PhagoDAIR pilot study in PJI clinical data (end 2024)Launch of the global Phase 2 study in PJI (1Q 2025)1Q 2024 WEBINARPHAXIAM management will hold a webinar today  May 15  2024  at 6.00 pm CEST to present 1Q 2024 financial information and provide an update on the Company's activity and outlook. Thibaut du Fayet  CEO  and Eric Soyer  COO and CFO  will hold a brief presentation in French  followed by a Q&A session.The webinar can be accessed via the following link: click hereA replay of the webinar will be available on the Company's website in the following days.FINANCIAL CALENDARAnnual General Meeting on June 28  2024on June 28  2024 Business and Financial Update for the Second Quarter of 2024 on September 25  2024***About PHAXIAM TherapeuticsPHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacterial-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.phaxiam.comContactsPHAXIAMEric SoyerCOO & CFO+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@phaxiam.comNewCapMathilde Bohin / Dušan OrešanskýInvestor RelationsArthur RouilléMedia Relations+33 1 44 71 94 94phaxiam@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical programs  development plans  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of PHAXIAM and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will"" and ""continue"" and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond PHAXIAM's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Investor should carefully read the risk factors section of the Company which can be found in the Company's regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  including in the Company's 2023 Universal Registration Document (Document d'Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 5  2024 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. PHAXIAM disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in PHAXIAM's expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,True,English,"['Phaxiam Therapeutics S.A.', 'Financial Update', 'First Quarter', 'Business', 'complex mono-bacterial E. coli infections', 'upcoming first global Phase 2 study', 'multicentric, randomized, double-blind trial', 'two strategic clinical studies', 'second sponsored clinical trial', 'mono-bacterial S. aureus infection', 'resistant Staphylococcus aureus infections', 'PJI clinical development efforts', 'additional clinical POC data', 'Urinary Tract Severe Infections', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'complementary clinical studies', 'global phage-therapy leader', 'global Phase 2 proof', 'Thibaut du Fayet', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Prosthetic Joint Infections', 'Clinical Trial Application', 'Preliminary clinical results', 'Complementary clinical trials', 'traditional antimicrobial treatment', 'PhagoDAIR pilot study', 'pharmacokinetic (PK) data', 'Phase 1 PK Trial', 'Preliminary PK data', 'E. coli) program', 'Diabetic Food Ulcer', 'real-life compassionate treatments', 'Diabetic Foot Ulcer', 'high medical needs', 'severe bacterial infections', 'PJI clinical data', 'unique Phase 1 study', 'Phase 2 POC study', '1Q 2024 FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'PJI Regulatory Approval', 'leading competitive position', 'promising activity signals', 'French Regulatory agency', 'S. aureus program', 'other high-value indications', 'current cash position', 'clinical efforts', 'clinical study', 'POC) study', 'Endocarditis Infections', 'additional indications', 'Investigator-Sponsored Trial', 'Escherichia coli', 'financial position', 'First Quarter', 'innovative treatments', 'regulatory activities', 'leading player', 'high mortality', 'unique portfolio', 'DFU infections', 'clinical programs', 'aureus phages', 'Financial Update', 'phage therapies', 'therapeutic alternative', 'strong impact', 'healthcare budgets', 'phage therapy', 'technological platform', 'innovative therapies', 'Important progress', 'active preparations', 'patient enrollment', 'valuable insights', 'intravenous administration', '10 French hospitals', 'neurogenic bladder', 'available financing', '€4.5 million decrease', 'R&D', 'operating expenses', 'KEY NEWSFLOW', 'NEXT 12 MONTHS', '1Q 2024 WEBINAR', 'Eric Soyer', '60 diabetic patients', 'cash equivalents', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS', 'PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'PHAXIAM team', 'PHAXIAM management', 'The Company', '100 patients', 'May', 'CEST', 'strategy', 'order', 'March', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Euronext', 'PHXM', 'creation', 'track', 'case', 'beginning', 'ambition', 'concept', 'Europe', 'objective', 'CTA', 'EMA', 'FDA', '3Q', 'view', 'EI', 'enrolment', 'safety', 'anti-S.', '2H', 'versatility', 'phage-platform', 'validation', 'ANSM', 'opportunity', 'December', 'pipeline', 'August', 'MILESTONES', 'Launch', 'outlook', 'CEO', 'COO', 'CFO', '6.00', '5.45']",2024-05-06,2024-05-15,finanznachrichten.de
40972,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/business/business-news/banijay-q1-2024-revenue-rebrand-1235899867/,‘Survivor’ Maker Banijay Quarterly Production Revenue Drops  Parent Rebrands to Banijay Group,European TV production giant Banijay ( Peaky Blinders   Black Mirro r  MasterChef   Survivor) reported lower first-quarter 2024 revenue  Amsterdam stock exchange-listed parent company FL Entertainment Group disclosed on Wednesday. The parent also unveiled a rebranding that changes its name to Banijay Group  effective immediately.,European TV production giant Banijay (Peaky Blinders  Black Mirror  MasterChef  Survivor) reported lower first-quarter 2024 revenue  Amsterdam stock exchange-listed parent company FL Entertainment Group disclosed on Wednesday. The parent also unveiled a rebranding that changes its name to Banijay Group  effective immediately.The total rebranded Banijay Group’s quarterly revenue hit $1.0 billion euro ($1.1 billion)  up 10.6 percent over the year-ago period. But content production revenue was down 2.3 percent assuming constant currencies  and distribution revenue was down 12.5 percent on the same basis at the company’s Paris-headquartered powerhouse Banijay media and entertainment business  led by CEO Marco Bassetti and chairman Stéphane Courbit. Including live experiences division Banijay Live  revenue here was up 3.1 percent  “reflecting amplified seasonality of major scripted show deliveries and revenue recognition towards fourth quarter 2024 compared to 2023.”Adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) for the total group jumped 11.2 percent to 164 million euro ($178 million).The full group on Wednesday also boosted its full-year 2024 guidance for organic adjusted EBITDA growth to the low teens percentage range from the high single-digit range. Banijay emphasized that it expects “continued growth … across all business segments with stronger-than-anticipated performance at online sports betting and gaming.” It also noted a “strong pipeline of scripted show deliveries anticipated in the fourth quarter 2024  including Marie-Antoine for Canal+ in France and SAS Rogue Heroes for BBC One in the U.K.”Earlier this year  the Banijay production arm said that its content catalog expanded by 30 percent in 2022 to 160 000 hours.Banijay Group aka FL also includes other businesses  such sports betting and gaming firm BetClic Everest. The Banijay media business has grown through acquisitions over the years  including its takeover of Zodiak Media in 2016 and Endemol Shine Group in 2020.FL became publicly traded on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange last July.“FL Entertainment will become Banijay Group  incorporating Banijay Entertainment  Banijay Live and Banijay Gaming ” said François Riahi  CEO of Banijay Group. “This strategic rebranding reflects the complementarity and the synergy potential between our existing activities and underlines our ambitionto position ourselves as European entertainment leader.”,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.59,0.39,0.02,True,English,"['Banijay Quarterly Production Revenue Drops', 'Banijay Group', 'Survivor’ Maker', 'Parent', 'European TV production giant Banijay', 'Amsterdam stock exchange-listed parent company', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'chairman Stéphane Courbit', 'low teens percentage range', 'major scripted show deliveries', 'Paris-headquartered powerhouse Banijay media', 'The Banijay media business', 'high single-digit range', 'European entertainment leader', 'Banijay production arm', 'SAS Rogue Heroes', 'François Riahi', 'live experiences division', 'content production revenue', 'Endemol Shine Group', 'lower first-quarter 2024 revenue', 'CEO Marco Bassetti', 'online sports betting', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Zodiak Media', 'entertainment business', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'Banijay Live', 'Banijay Group', 'business segments', 'content catalog', 'total group', 'full group', 'Banijay Gaming', 'quarterly revenue', 'distribution revenue', 'revenue recognition', 'Peaky Blinders', 'Black Mirror', 'year-ago period', 'constant currencies', 'same basis', 'fourth quarter', '164 million euro', 'full-year 2024 guidance', 'continued growth', 'anticipated performance', 'strong pipeline', 'BBC One', 'U.K', 'other businesses', 'BetClic Everest', 'existing activities', 'gaming firm', 'EBITDA growth', 'strategic rebranding', 'MasterChef', 'Survivor', 'Wednesday', 'name', 'seasonality', 'earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'organic', 'stronger', 'Marie-Antoine', 'Canal+', 'France', '30 percent', '2022 to', '160,000 hours', 'acquisitions', 'years', 'takeover', 'complementarity', 'synergy', 'potential', 'ambition']",2024-05-15,2024-05-15,hollywoodreporter.com
40973,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/veon-and-beeline-kazakhstan-partner-with-gsma-and-barcelona-supercomputing-centre-to-support-use-of-ai-in-local-languages-1033385267,VEON and Beeline Kazakhstan Partner with GSMA and Barcelona Supercomputing Centre to Support Use of AI in Local Languages,The parties will explore collaboration opportunities focusing on the development of mechanisms and documentation on language models and AI systems for under-resourced languages  including the local languages of the countries where VEON operates.,Baku and Barcelona  15 May 2024: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  is delighted to announce that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Beeline Kazakhstan  the GSMA and the Barcelona Supercomputing Center - Centro Nacional de Supercomputacion (BSC-CNS) to explore collaboration on the development of artificial intelligence and language technologies for languages with low digital resources.The parties will explore collaboration opportunities focusing on the development of mechanisms and documentation on language models and AI systems for under-resourced languages  including the local languages of the countries where VEON operates.The MoU was signed by the four parties during M360 Eurasia. The event  opening in Baku today  welcomes global connectivity leaders and policymakers for two days of discussion  debate and networking.Out of nearly 7000 languages spoken around the globe  only seven are considered high-resource languages in the digital world: English  Spanish  French  Mandarin  Arabic  German and Japanese. The lack of resources in other languages results in an AI language gap which leads to sub-optimal user experience in AI applications  deepens the bias in AI models and risks deepening the digital divide in AI technologies.Catalan is spoken by 10 million people  spread across various parts of Spain and other areas of Europe  such as Andorra and Alghero. For this reason  the BSC Language Technologies unit has as a priority generating digital resources to guarantee the presence of Catalan in the digital world  while making these resources useful for other languages with the same objective.Operating in countries that are home to 7% of the global population that mostly speak under-sourced languages  VEON is committed to addressing the AI language gap by supporting the usage of low-resource languages in AI  starting with Kazakhstan where Beeline Kazakhstan’s IT subsidiary QazCode already launched Kaz-RoBERTA-conversational – a Kazakh-language AI module supporting customer service in Beeline Kazakhstan’s digital applications.“Artificial Intelligence is the next game changer in the history of technology  and it is in our hands to design and develop it in a way that promotes inclusion for all. Enabling low-resource languages to be a part of the world of AI empowers hundreds of millions of people around the globe by addressing the current shortcomings of the AI landscape. We are delighted to be the first operator group to partner with Barcelona Supercomputing Center and the GSMA to explore opportunities to raise to this challenge.” said Kaan Terzioglu  Group CEO of VEON.“Beeline Kazakhstan is the leading operator in AI technologies in the markets where VEON operates. Having previously developed AI-based solutions in Kazakh language  Beeline Kazakhstan and Qazcode are well aware of the challenges and opportunities that come with Kazakhstan’s transformation into the age of AI. We are extremely excited to partner with Barcelona Supercomputing Center and the GSMA  bringing international experience to our journey of developing new use cases for Kazakh-language AI applications.” said Evgeny Nastradin  CEO of Beeline Kazakhstan.“The development of artificial intelligence also generates gaps between languages. It is important to close them. For this reason  we are making our knowledge and resources available. The work through the Aina Alliance keeps growing and has allowed us to sign a strategic agreement with the GSMA. This is one more step for making our open-source AI expertise accessible to the international community. BSC has published a wide-range number of datasets and open-source models through the Aina project  leading the path into the open-source AI resources availability.”said Mateo Valero Cortes  Director of the BSC-CNS.“The project with VEON and Beeline Kazakhstan is the first on our exciting journey with the BSC. We now call on industry to join us and work together to reduce the disparity in developing and applying AI technologies across different languages. This disparity exacerbates the AI language gap  and the challenges that come with it  including siloed innovation and widening the digital divide. The Aina Alliance aims to ensure that no language is left behind as the world advances into an increasingly AI-driven future.” said Alex Sinclair  Chief Technology Officer of the GSMA.Key to the partnership will be the GSMA Foundry innovation accelerator  an initiative that brings together mobile operators and the wider technology industry  to help members forge the digital future by rapidly developing real-world solutions to industry challenges.Cooperation will take place within the scope of Aina Alliance  a collaboration between the Government of Catalonia and the GSMA  which builds on the Aina Project promoted and financed by the Government of Catalonia  and which seeks to support the presence of non-global languages in artificial intelligence models  enabling speakers of all languages to participate fully in the evolution of the digital world. VEON is the first pilot in the partnership  with the Aina Alliance now inviting other mobile operator partners and organisations to take part in addressing the AI Language gap through collaborative effort.About Barcelona Supercomputing Center - Centro Nacional de SupercomputacionBarcelona Supercomputing Center-Centro Nacional de Supercomputación (BSC-CNS) is the national supercomputing centre in Spain. They specialise in high performance computing (HPC) and manage MareNostrum  one of the most powerful supercomputers in Europe. BSC is at the service of the international scientific community and of industry that requires HPC resources. Their multidisciplinary research team and our computational facilities –including MareNostrum– make BSC an international centre of excellence in e-Science.BSC has been successful in attracting talent  and their research focuses on four fields: Computer Sciences  Life Sciences  Earth Sciences and Computer Applications in Science and Engineering. The research lines are developed within the framework of European Union research funding programmes  Spanish and Catalan public research calls and collaborations with leading companies.About the GSMAThe GSMA is a global organisation unifying the mobile ecosystem to discover  develop and deliver innovation foundational to positive business environments and societal change. Our vision is to unlock the full power of connectivity so that people  industry  and society thrive. Representing mobile operators and organisations across the mobile ecosystem and adjacent industries  the GSMA delivers for its members across three broad pillars: Connectivity for Good  Industry Services and Solutions  and Outreach. This activity includes advancing policy  tackling today’s biggest societal challenges  underpinning the technology and interoperability that make mobile work  and providing the world’s largest platform to convene the mobile ecosystem at the MWC and M360 series of events.We invite you to find out more at www.gsma.comAbout Beeline Kazakhstan & QazCodeBeeline Kazakhstan is the leading player in the Kazakhstan’s telecoms industry  serving over 11 million consumers on its mobile and fixed networks and with its digital services in finance  entertainment and enterprise solutions such as Simply  izi  hitter and BeeTV. Its software company QazCode is among the largest software development companies in Kazakhstan with a 700-strong team that includes 350 developers. QazCode builds solutions such as telco processes automation  gamification  entertainment  and IT productivity with an AI-first approach.About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population – Pakistan  Ukraine  Bangladesh  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan – VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s strategy  investment and partnership plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.ContactBarcelona Supercomputing Center - Centro Nacional de SupercomputacionBSC Communicationcommunication@bsc.esGSMAGSMA Press Officepressoffice@gsma.comBeeline KazakhstanYelena MukhsinovaHead of Communicationsymukhsinova@beeline.kzVEONHande AsikGroup Director of Communicationspr@veon.comAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.56,0.18,0.25,True,English,"['Beeline Kazakhstan Partner', 'Barcelona Supercomputing Centre', 'Local Languages', 'VEON', 'GSMA', 'Use', 'AI', 'Centro Nacional de Supercomputacion', 'GSMA Foundry innovation accelerator', 'open-source AI resources availability', 'BSC Language Technologies unit', 'next game changer', 'new use cases', 'Mateo Valero Cortes', 'Barcelona Supercomputing Center', 'optimal user experience', 'Chief Technology Officer', 'Kazakh-language AI module', 'open-source AI expertise', 'global connectivity leaders', 'first operator group', 'AI language gap', 'Kazakh-language AI applications', 'global digital operator', 'wider technology industry', 'low digital resources', 'The Aina Alliance', 'artificial intelligence models', 'open-source models', 'language models', 'AI technologies', 'global population', 'leading operator', 'digital applications', 'AI models', 'converged connectivity', 'Kazakh language', 'international experience', 'AI systems', 'AI landscape', 'digital divide', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'online services', 'The MoU', 'M360 Eurasia', 'two days', 'various parts', 'other areas', 'same objective', 'IT subsidiary', 'customer service', 'current shortcomings', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'Group CEO', 'AI-based solutions', 'Evgeny Nastradin', 'strategic agreement', 'international community', 'wide-range number', 'Alex Sinclair', 'mobile operators', 'real-world solutions', 'Aina project', 'Beeline Kazakhstan', 'resourced languages', 'local languages', 'resource languages', 'other languages', 'different languages', 'non-global languages', 'digital world', 'digital future', 'four parties', '10 million people', 'exciting journey', 'industry challenges', 'VEON Ltd.', 'collaboration opportunities', '7000 languages', 'Baku', 'NASDAQ', 'Memorandum', 'Understanding', 'BSC-CNS', 'development', 'mechanisms', 'documentation', 'countries', 'event', 'policymakers', 'discussion', 'debate', 'networking', 'globe', 'English', 'Spanish', 'French', 'Mandarin', 'Arabic', 'German', 'Japanese', 'lack', 'bias', 'Catalan', 'Spain', 'Europe', 'Andorra', 'Alghero', 'reason', 'priority', 'presence', 'usage', 'QazCode', 'Kaz-RoBERTA-conversational', 'history', 'hands', 'way', 'inclusion', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'markets', 'transformation', 'gaps', 'knowledge', 'step', 'datasets', 'path', 'Director', 'disparity', 'AI-driven', 'partnership', 'initiative', 'members', 'Cooperation', 'place', 'scope', 'Government', 'Catalonia', 'speakers']",2024-05-15,2024-05-15,markets.businessinsider.com
40974,EuroNext,Bing API,https://deadline.com/2024/05/fl-entertainment-becomes-banijay-group-rebrand-1235917057/,FL Entertainment Becomes Banijay Group Under ‘Big Brother’ Company Rebrand,Banijay parent FL Entertainment is rebranding as Banijay Group  with its 'Big Brother' making content unit now one of three operating divisions.,EXCLUSIVE: There’s a group-wide rebrand afoot at FL Entertainment  the parent of Big Brother firm Banijay.Euronext Amsterdam-listed FL will now be known as Banijay Group  with three Banijay-branded subsidiaries sitting underneath. Banijay Entertainment (formerly Banijay) will house the content production and distribution business under CEO Marco Bassetti.Banijay Live is the new moniker for live experiences business Banijay Events  and Banijay Gaming is the new name for the company’s online sports betting and gaming activities  housing Betclic and Bet at Home.From a reporting standpoint  Banijay Entertainment and Banijay Live will be housed together under Bassetti  with Nicolas Béraud running Banijay Gaming as CEO.Like the existing Banijay TV group  Banijay Entertainment will comprise more than 130 production companies across 21 territories. Producers in the group include Bunim/Murray  the Endemol Shine- and Nordisk-branded labels  Grøenlandia  Initial  Kudos  Mastiff  Remarkable and Stephen David Entertainment and Banijay Rights is the distributor  shopping the likes of Big Brother  Deal or No Deal  Peaky Blinders  Survivor and MasterChef around the world.The division will retain its pink Banijay branding and leaderships and staff remain unchanged.“This strategic rebranding reflects the complementarity nature of our existing activities and underlines our ambition as an integrated and diversified entertainment leader ” said Banijay Group CEO François Riahi. “Banijay Group gathers an incredible amount of talent  committed to create passion  emotion and to conceive entertaining experiences for the general public globally.”FL Entertainment was formed in May 2022 through a merger with Special Purpose Acquisition Company (SPAC) Pegasus Entrepreneurs  which was backed by European asset management company Tikehau Capital and investment firm Financière Agache. The move saw Banijay founder Stephane Courbit take Banijay and Betclic public in a deal backed by the likes of Bernard Arnault and Vincent Bolloré.The company launched with an enterprise value of €7.2B ($7.8B). In March  we reported FL had increased revenue nearly 6% year-on-year to reach €3.3B and adjusted EBIDTA nearly 7% to €494M. Q1 2024 results showed revenues up 10.6% at €1B and adjusted earnings of €164M.Banijay remains the biggest indie production house in the world by turnover  ahead of the likes of ITV Studios and Fremantle. The company was created in 2008 after former Endemol Shine France boss Courbit acquired a number of European production outfits. It was previously known as Banijay Entertainment in a period before it merged with another European production group  Zodiak Media  to form Banijay Group in 2015. Banijay later bought Endemol Shine Group before FL Entertainment was formed and listed on the Dutch stock exchange.Whippet handled the rebrand.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Big Brother’ Company', 'FL Entertainment', 'Banijay Group', 'Rebrand', 'former Endemol Shine France boss Courbit', 'biggest indie production house', 'Special Purpose Acquisition Company', 'European asset management company', 'Endemol Shine Group', 'existing Banijay TV group', 'European production outfits', 'three Banijay-branded subsidiaries', 'online sports betting', 'Nicolas Béraud', 'François Riahi', 'Financière Agache', 'Dutch stock exchange', 'European production group', 'Stephen David Entertainment', 'diversified entertainment leader', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed FL', 'pink Banijay branding', 'Big Brother firm', 'CEO Marco Bassetti', 'live experiences business', 'Banijay Group CEO', 'Stephane Courbit', 'existing activities', 'content production', '130 production companies', 'distribution business', 'entertaining experiences', 'investment firm', 'Banijay Live', 'FL Entertainment', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'new moniker', 'new name', 'gaming activities', 'reporting standpoint', 'Nordisk-branded labels', 'Grøenlandia', 'Peaky Blinders', 'strategic rebranding', 'complementarity nature', 'incredible amount', 'general public', 'Pegasus Entrepreneurs', 'Tikehau Capital', 'Bernard Arnault', 'Vincent Bolloré', 'enterprise value', 'Q1 2024 results', 'ITV Studios', 'Zodiak Media', 'Banijay Events', 'Banijay Gaming', 'Banijay Rights', 'Banijay founder', 'group-wide rebrand', 'No Deal', 'parent', 'housing', 'Betclic', 'Home', '21 territories', 'Producers', 'Bunim/Murray', 'Initial', 'Kudos', 'Mastiff', 'Remarkable', 'distributor', 'likes', 'Survivor', 'MasterChef', 'world', 'division', 'leaderships', 'staff', 'ambition', 'integrated', 'talent', 'passion', 'emotion', 'May', 'merger', 'SPAC', 'move', 'March', 'revenue', 'year', 'EBIDTA', 'earnings', 'turnover', 'Fremantle', 'number', 'period', 'Whippet']",2024-05-15,2024-05-15,deadline.com
40975,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fl-entertainment-becomes-banijay-group-154000122.html,FL Entertainment Becomes Banijay Group,May 15th  2024 FL ENTERTAINMENT BECOMES BANIJAY GROUP ACCELERATING OUR AMBITION AS EUROPEAN LEADER IN THE GLOBAL ENTERTAINMENT SPACE FL Entertainment  a global entrepreneur-led Entertainment leader  listed on Euronext Amsterdam ,FL EntertainmentPress ReleaseParis – May 15th  2024FL ENTERTAINMENT BECOMES BANIJAY GROUPACCELERATING OUR AMBITION AS EUROPEAN LEADERIN THE GLOBAL ENTERTAINMENT SPACEFL Entertainment  a global entrepreneur-led Entertainment leader  listed on Euronext Amsterdam  today announces a group-wide global rebrand1.Leveraging the powerful  world-renowned Banijay brand  which has established itself as a beacon for innovation and creativity in the Entertainment space globally  FL Entertainment has been renamed Banijay Group. The new branding reflects the ambition of the Group to be the leading European leader in the global entertainment space. Banijay Group will now comprise:Banijay Entertainment – the leading Content production & distribution business (formerly “Banijay”). With 130+ production companies across 21 territories  the content powerhouse creates and distributes culture-defining IP for audiences globally.Banijay Live – formalizing our live experiences business (previously “Banijay Events”) and cementing its ambition to be a consolidator in this market. With Balich Wonder Studio and a minority investment in The Independents  the leading player in live experiences specializes in the production of institutional ceremonies and live events in the sports  luxury and fashion industries.Banijay Gaming – regrouping our Online sports betting and gaming activities. The consumer-facing brands “Betclic” and “Bet at Home” – leaders in several European countries  and Africa – remain unchanged.From a financial reporting perspective  Banijay Group will continue to report at the level of its two business segments:Content production & distribution  incorporating Banijay Entertainment and Banijay Live  which are supported by the same central team  and are led by CEO Marco Bassetti.Online sports betting & gaming  incorporating Banijay Gaming led by CEO Nicolas Béraud.François Riahi  CEO of Banijay Group  said: “This strategic rebranding reflects the complementarity nature of our existing activities and underlines our ambition as an integrated and diversified Entertainment leader. Banijay Group gathers an incredible amount of talent  committed to create passion  emotion and to conceive entertaining experiences for the general public globally.”As part of the official rebranding  each business pillar also takes on a new strapline illustrative of its activities:Banijay Group: Creators for Life.Banijay Entertainment : Let’s Show the World.Banijay Live : Experiences Without Limits.Banijay Gaming: More to Play For.*****All rebrand assets are available by clicking here.Story continuesPress Relations Banijay Groupflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: FLE NA  Reuters: FLE.AS).1 Subject to shareholders’ approval at the next Annual General Meeting on May 23rdAttachment,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,positive,0.77,0.21,0.02,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'Banijay Group', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'Press Relations Banijay Group flentertainment', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'powerful, world-renowned Banijay brand', 'CEO Nicolas Béraud', 'global entrepreneur-led Entertainment leader', 'Balich Wonder Studio', 'financial reporting perspective', 'same central team', 'François Riahi', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'global entertainment leader', 'group-wide global rebrand', 'several European countries', 'CEO Marco Bassetti', 'diversified Entertainment leader', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'two business segments', 'new strapline illustrative', 'May 23rd Attachment', 'GLOBAL ENTERTAINMENT SPACE', '130+ production companies', 'leading European leader', 'FL ENTERTAINMENT BECOMES', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'leading Content production', 'live experiences business', 'Press Release', 'Nicolas Grange', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'May 15th', 'new branding', 'leading player', 'business pillar', 'rebrand assets', 'content powerhouse', 'Banijay Live', 'entertaining experiences', 'Banijay Events', 'live events', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'culture-defining IP', 'minority investment', 'institutional ceremonies', 'fashion industries', 'consumer-facing brands', 'strategic rebranding', 'complementarity nature', 'incredible amount', 'official rebranding', '30-year entrepreneur', 'FLE NA', 'FLE.AS', 'shareholders’ approval', 'distribution business', 'Banijay Gaming', 'The Group', 'The Independents', 'existing activities', 'gaming activities', 'Paris', 'AMBITION', 'beacon', 'innovation', 'creativity', '21 territories', 'audiences', 'consolidator', 'market', 'luxury', 'Betclic', 'Home', 'leaders', 'Africa', 'level', 'integrated', 'talent', 'passion', 'emotion', 'part', 'Creators', 'Life', 'Limits', 'Story', 'brunswickgroup', 'Phone', 'mission', 'engaging', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2024-05-15,2024-05-15,finance.yahoo.com
40976,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/businesswire/wolters-kluwer-redefines-corporate-performance-management-with-announcement-of-ai-powered-cch-tagetik-intelligent-platform/,Wolters Kluwer redefines Corporate Performance Management with announcement of AI-powered CCH Tagetik Intelligent Platform,New  first-to-market platform leverages latest in generative and objective AI technology to power up company’s full suite of CPM solutions NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in information ,New  first-to-market platform leverages latest in generative and objective AI technology to power up company’s full suite of CPM solutionsNEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals  today announced its AI-powered CCH Tagetik Intelligent Platform  which has been designed to digitally transform the efficiency  accuracy  and strategic ability of the Office of the CFO.Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President & General Manager  Corporate Performance Management (CPM) Solutions at Wolters Kluwer  said: “We are the first to bring to market an intelligent  AI-empowered platform that enhances an entire suite of CPM solutions. We know that GenAI has the potential to enable finance leaders to deliver financial close and planning cycles fifteen times faster than at present1 and we are harnessing that power for our clients. CCH Tagetik Intelligent Platform’s new  state-of-the-art AI functionality empowers CFOs to unlock the answers they need from their data in a fraction of the time to make better informed  faster  strategic decisions.”The state-of-the-art AI functionality in the CCH Tagetik Intelligent Platform empowers finance professionals to democratize access to meaningful financial data  manage and control massive datasets with unprecedented speed and automation  unlock hidden insights  and improve and expedite decision making. The platform’s new AI-enabled capabilities include:Ask AI  the new “GenAI ally” from CCH Tagetik  is a central focus of this week’s CCH Tagetik inTouch Global User Conference. This innovative functionality  integrated into the CCH Tagetik Intelligent Platform  enables users to receive real-time  visual responses to text- and voice-based natural language queries. Wolters Kluwer estimates that  like other generative AI solutions  Ask AI will drive efficiencies enabling users to spend ten times more resource on value-adding activities including analytics  decision support and innovation2.Intelligent Analytics enables self-service reporting  analytics  dashboarding and visualization. The engine allows users to access data in a new way – rapidly searching through organized information sets to quickly uncover accurate answers to everyday business questions.AI Automapping accelerates data collection and ensures data governance  while new AI Anomaly Detection ensures data integrity by automatically identifying outliers and flagging unusual or abnormal data patterns.Intelligent Disclosure dynamically integrates financial  non-financial  and ESG consolidated numbers with narratives into data-linked reports. This assures finance and business teams that any document  including annual filings  board books  and management presentations  is always accurate.AI Driver-Based Analysis helps users analyze large swaths of data more quickly to identify key business drivers and exponential growth areas.These new AI capabilities build on existing AI features of CCH Tagetik  like Predictive Intelligence and Transaction Matching  which already empower users to create explainable  insight-driven predictive forecasts  accelerate data reconciliation and improve decision making.Together  these first-to-market AI innovations reinforce Wolters Kluwer’s commitment to investing in AI to serve and drive the continued digital transformation of the Office of the CFO.For more information on the latest in AI  please visit the Wolters Kluwer AI Center.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.1 How to elevate finance value through Generative AI (kpmg.com)2 How to elevate finance value through Generative AI (kpmg.com)ContactsMedia ContactSarah WhybrowAssociate Director  External CommunicationsCorporate Performance & ESGWolters KluwerMob: +44 7855 186713sarah.whybrow@wolterskluwer.com,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['AI-powered CCH Tagetik Intelligent Platform', 'Corporate Performance Management', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'announcement', 'CCH Tagetik inTouch Global User Conference', 'AI-powered CCH Tagetik Intelligent Platform', 'voice-based natural language queries', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'explainable, insight-driven predictive forecasts', 'informed, faster, strategic decisions', 'new AI Anomaly Detection', 'Wolters Kluwer AI Center', 'other generative AI solutions', 'intelligent, AI-empowered platform', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'real-time, visual responses', 'exponential growth areas', 'continued digital transformation', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Contacts Media Contact', 'new AI-enabled capabilities', 'everyday business questions', 'key business drivers', 'AI Driver-Based Analysis', 'existing AI features', 'new AI capabilities', 'abnormal data patterns', 'Wolters Kluwer Mob', 'new “GenAI ally', 'objective AI technology', 'Corporate Performance Management', 'meaningful financial data', 'Intelligent Disclosure', 'global leader', 'strategic ability', 'Predictive Intelligence', 'critical decisions', 'Intelligent Analytics', 'market platform', 'NEW YORK', 'new way', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business teams', 'management presentations', 'AI functionality', 'AI Automapping', 'AI innovations', 'CPM solutions', 'CPM) Solutions', 'expert solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'full suite', 'General Manager', 'entire suite', 'planning cycles', 'massive datasets', 'unprecedented speed', 'hidden insights', 'decision making', 'central focus', 'innovative functionality', 'ten times', 'value-adding activities', 'decision support', 'self-service reporting', 'data-linked reports', 'annual filings', 'board books', 'large swaths', 'Transaction Matching', '2023 annual revenues', 'Associate Director', 'External Communications', 'data collection', 'data governance', 'data integrity', 'data reconciliation', 'software solutions', 'finance leaders', 'financial close', 'financial, non', 'finance value', 'accurate answers', 'information sets', 'finance professionals', 'Sarah Whybrow', 'company', 'services', 'efficiency', 'accuracy', 'Office', 'CFO', 'potential', 'present1', 'clients', 'art', 'fraction', 'state', 'access', 'automation', 'week', 'users', 'efficiencies', 'resource', 'dashboarding', 'visualization', 'engine', 'outliers', 'unusual', 'ESG', 'numbers', 'narratives', 'document', 'commitment', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram']",2024-05-15,2024-05-15,dutchnews.nl
