UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
35931,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNOFACTOR-OYJ-1412558/news/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Innofactor-Plc-45909731/,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor Plc,(marketscreener.com) Innofactor Plc Notice to general meeting  on February 8  2024  at 9:05 Finnish time The shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting on Wednesday  March 27  2024  at 9:00 AM at Innofactor Plc's office  Keilaran…,"Innofactor Plc Notice to general meeting  on February 8  2024  at 9:05 Finnish timeThe shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting on Wednesday  March 27  2024  at 9:00 AM at Innofactor Plc's office  Keilaranta 9  Espoo  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and distribution of voting slips will commence at 8:30 AM at the meeting location.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report for the year 2023Review by the CEO.7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the distribution of assetsThe Board of Director’s proposes that no dividend will be paid for the financial year 2023.The Board of Directors proposes that for the financial period of 2023 repayment of capital of EUR 0 07 per share is paid. The repayment of capital shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the capital repayment on April 2  2024 are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Repayment of capital is paid on April 9  2024.The Board of Directors also proposes that the General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals 2 544 058 EUR. It is proposed that the authorization include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. It is also proposed that the authorization remain valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Presentation and adoption of the remuneration policyAnnual General Meeting’s advisory resolution for approval of the remuneration policy.The policy is available on the company’s website www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.11. Presentation and adoption of the remuneration reportAnnual General Meeting’s advisory resolution for approval of the remuneration report.The report is available on the company’s website www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/ on March 6  2024 at latest.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes in accordance with the Remuneration Committee’s submission that the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 60 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 30 000 per year. No separate fees for meetings shall be paid. Half of the fee (50%) shall be paid monthly in cash and the other half (50%) as shares of Innofactor Plc. The shares shall be handed over to the members of the Board of Directors and  if necessary  be acquired from public trading directly on behalf of the members within two weeks of publishing the interim report of Innofactor Plc for January 1–March 31  2024. In case shares will not be acquired due to a reason arising from the company or the Board member  the entire fee will be paid in cash. Innofactor Plc requires the members of the Board of Directors to keep the shares  which they have received as part of the fees  for the duration of their membership in the Board of Directors.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the number of the members of the Board of Directors be confirmed to four (4).14. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that Mr. Sami Ensio  Ms. Anna Lindén  Mr. Risto Linturi and Mr. Heikki Nikku are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a one-year term and their term of office will be continuing until the closure of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominees have given their consent to the election. Detailed presentation of the nominees can be found on the company’s website www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.The Board of Directors has decided on its proposal after discussing the matter with the largest shareholders of the company.15. Resolution on the auditor's feeThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor's fee be paid according to reasonable invoice.16. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Ernst & Young Oy  Authorized Public Accounting Firm  be re-elected as the auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that it will appoint Juha Hilmola  Authorized Public Accountant  as the lead audit partner.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on acquisition of own shares with following presumptions:The General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares in one or several parts with the company’s own capital (the company currently has a total of 36 343 691 shares). The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the shareholders' proportional shareholdings (directed acquisition). Own shares can be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition or at a price otherwise formed on the market.The shares may be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements pertaining to the company’s business operations  to develop the capital structure of the company  as part of the incentive plans  or to be otherwise invalidated or conveyed. In connection with the share repurchase ordinary derivative  stock lending  and other agreements may be made in the market in accordance with the laws and regulations.The authorization is proposed to include the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares.The authorization would be valid until June 30  2025.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors pertaining to the acquisition of own shares.18. Authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on issuance of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares and granting of a maximum of 3 600 000 of the company’s own shares in one or several parts (the company currently has a total of 36 343 691 shares).The shares could be issued either against a payment or without payment on the basis of conditions set by the Board of Directors and  for the part of an issue against payment  at the price defined by the Board of Directors.The authorization also gives the Board of Directors the right to grant option rights and special rights—as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act—which entitle  against payment  to new shares or company shares in the company's possession. A right may also be given to a creditor in such manner that the right includes a condition that the creditor's receivable is used to set off the subscription price (convertible loan). The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company's own shares will be added to the fund for invested unrestricted equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the pre-emptive subscription rights of the existing shareholders  provided that the company has a weighty financial reason to do so  as regards the issue against payment  and that there is an especially weighty financial reason for the company and the good of the shareholders to do so  as regards the free issue. Within the limits set above  the authorization could be used  for example  to develop the capital structure  to widen the ownership base  in making a payment for an acquisition  when the company buys property related to its business operations  or incentive or reward program for employees and management at Innofactor group. New issue or transfer of own shares could also be used as a contribution in kind or when using the set-off right.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the authorization include also the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the company itself in such a manner that  after the issue  the number of shares in the company's possession is at the maximum one tenth of the total number of shares in the company. This number includes the shares in the possession of the company and its subsidiaries as defined in Chapter 15  Section 11  subsection 1 of the Finnish Companies Act.The Board of Directors will decide on all other matters related to the authorization.This authorization would be valid until June 30  2025.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors related to issuance of shares and granting of the company’s own shares.19. Closing the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThis notice to the meeting is available on Innofactor Plc's web site at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/. Innofactor Plc's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and auditing report will be available on Wednesday  March 6  2024  at the latest  at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/releases-publications-and-reports/. The above mentioned documents will also be available at the General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available within two weeks of the meeting at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.C. Instructions for the participants of the General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  by Friday  March 15  2024  has the right to attend the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and who wants to attend the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on Friday  March 22  2024  at 10:00 AM at which time the registration must have been received.Registration to the General Meeting can be done:a) by email: yhtiokokous@innofactor.fi;b) by telephone: +358 40 808 5266 (CEO's assistant Anu Vänni)  Monday–Friday at 10 AM–4 PM; orc) by mail: Innofactor Plc  General Meeting  Keilaranta 9  02150 Espoo  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall state his/her name  personal identification number/company number  address  telephone number  and the name of a possible representative  assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of the representative or proxy representative.The personal information given to Innofactor Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related to it.At the location of the meeting  the shareholder or his/her representative or proxy representative shall be able to present proof of identity and/or right to represent  if necessary.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolder of nominee registered shares shall have the right to attend the General Meeting on the basis of those shares  which would give him/her the right to be registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Friday  March 15  2024. Attending the meeting also requires that these shareholder's shares are temporarily registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Friday  March 22  2024  at 10:00 AM at the latest. For nominee registered shares  this is considered as registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and the registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to attend the General Meeting  to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time specified above.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder attends the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered in originals to ""Innofactor Plc  General Meeting  Keilaranta 9  02150 Espoo  Finland"" before the end of the registration period.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice of the meeting  February 8  2024  Innofactor Plc has a total of 36 343 691 shares of one type and representing an equal amount of votes.We welcome the shareholders to the Annual General Meeting.Espoo  February 8  2024INNOFACTOR PLCBoard of directorsAdditional information:Sami Ensio  CEOInnofactor PlcTel. +358 50 584 2029sami.ensio@innofactor.comDistribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiMain mediawww.innofactor.comInnofactorInnofactor is the leading driver of the modern digital organization in the Nordic Countries for its over 1 000 customers in commercial and public sector. Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics. Innofactor has about 600 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway. The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy. www.innofactor.com #ModernDigitalOrganization #HybridWork #PeopleFirst #CreatingSmilesAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Innofactor Plc', 'Notice', 'Ms. Anna Lindén', 'Authorized Public Accounting Firm', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Mr. Sami Ensio', 'Mr. Risto Linturi', 'Mr. Heikki Nikku', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'annual accounts', 'public trading', 'Young Oy', 'meeting location', '9:05 Finnish time', 'voting slips', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'record date', 'financial status', 'other terms', 'two weeks', 'reasonable invoice', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Innofactor Plc', 'potential distribution', 'maximum distribution', 'asset distribution', 'remuneration policy', 'separate fees', 'other half', 'interim report', 'shareholders’ register', 'largest shareholders', 'remuneration report', 'one-year term', 'advisory resolution', 'financial year', 'Detailed presentation', 'entire fee', 'Board member', 'other members', 'The Board', 'capital repayment', '2023 repayment', 'Notice', 'February', 'Wednesday', 'March', '9:00 AM', 'office', 'Keilaranta', 'Espoo', 'reception', 'persons', '8:30 AM', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'assets', 'dividend', 'April', 'company', 'discretion', 'basis', 'right', 'conditions', 'start', 'discharge', 'liability', 'approval', 'website', 'accordance', 'submission', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'cash', 'shares', 'behalf', 'January', 'case', 'part', 'duration', 'membership', 'number', 'closure', 'nominees', 'consent', 'general-meeting', 'proposal', 'Ernst']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35932,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825758/0/en/Proposals-of-Sampo-plc-s-Board-of-Directors-and-its-Audit-Committee-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-and-Remuneration-Policy-for-Governing-Bodies-have-been-published.html,Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its Audit Committee to the Annual General Meeting and Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies have been published,SAMPO PLC                        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE         8 February 2024 at 10:50 am          Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and...,SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 8 February 2024 at 10:50 amProposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its Audit Committee to the Annual General Meeting and Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies have been publishedSampo plc's Board of Directors and its Audit Committee have today made the following proposals to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 25 April 2024.Proposal for distribution of profitProposal for the remuneration of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance providerProposal for the election of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance providerProposal for authorisation to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesProposal for authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 1.80 per share. The total dividend includes a regular dividend of EUR 1.60 per share as well as an extra dividend of EUR 0.20 per share.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares representing approximately 9.96 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Further information is available in appendix 4.The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting thatcompensation be paid to the Company’s Auditor and to the sustainability reporting assuranceprovider against invoices approved by the Company.The Board of Directors proposes that the Authorised Public Accountant Firm Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the financial year 2024. Sampo plc is required to prepare a sustainability report from the financial year 2024 onwards  which is to be verified by a sustainability reporting assurance provider. According to the Finnish laws transposing the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive  Deloitte Ltd will  without being otherwise appointed  act as the sustainability reporting assurance provider for the financial year 2024 if Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc’s statutory auditor.In addition  the Board proposes to the AGM for authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split). Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. The share issue without payment would not require any action from the shareholders. Further information is available in appendix 5.Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies has been published today on 8 February 2024 and it is attached to this release. The Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies is a part of Sampo's internal governance structure and is presented to Sampo’s AGM at least every four years.The proposals of the Board of Directors and its Audit Committee are attached in full to this release.The estimated publishing date for the AGM proposals of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is 27 March 2024.SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeThe principal mediaFIN-FSAwww.sampo.comAPPENDIX 1Proposal of the Board of Directors for distribution of profitDividendUnder Sampo Group’s capital management framework  the Group aims to return a significant share of ongoing surplus capital generation through a reliable regular dividend. In addition to this  excess capital is returned through additional dividends and/or buybacks  to the extent that it is not utilized to support business development.According to Sampo plc’s Dividend Policy applicable to the distribution of 2023 earnings  total annual dividends paid shall represent at least 70 per cent of Sampo Group’s operational result for the year.The parent Company’s distributable capital and reserves totalled EUR 5 366 661 774.58 of which profit for the financial year 2023 was EUR 963 205 215.62. Based on the policies outlined above  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a total dividend of EUR 1.80 per share be paid to all shares except for the shares held by Sampo plc on the dividend record date of 29 April 2024. The total dividend includes a regular dividend of EUR 1.60 per share as well as an extra dividend of EUR 0.20 per share.As the Group’s operational result amounted to approximately EUR 1 046 million  the payout ratio for the total dividend equates to 86 per cent. The remainder of the distributable funds are left in the Company’s equity capital. After adjusting for the proposed dividend  Sampo Group’s 2023 year-end distributable funds amounted to approximately EUR 4 463 million  Group’s Solvency II ratio to 177 per cent and financial leverage to 27.7 per cent.Dividend paymentThe dividend is proposed to be paid to the shareholders registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the record date of 29 April 2024. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 7 May 2024.The issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 29 April 2024.Financial positionNo significant changes have taken place in the Company’s financial position since the end of thefinancial year. The Company’s liquidity position is good and in the view of the Board  the proposeddistributions do not jeopardise the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations.8 February 2024SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX 2Proposal of the Audit Committee for the remuneration of the auditor and the sustainabilityreporting assurance providerThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting thatcompensation be paid to the Company’s Auditor and to the sustainability reporting assuranceprovider against invoices approved by the Company.As background to the proposal  the Audit Committee states that the Authorised PublicAccountant Firm Deloitte Ltd has acted as Sampo plc’s Auditor since 2021.The fees paid by Sampo plc to Deloitte Ltd for statutory audit services invoiced in 2023 totaledapproximately EUR 1 165 500. In addition  Sampo plc paid Deloitte Ltd a total of approximately EUR53 400 in fees for non-audit services.The fees paid by Sampo Group to audit firm Deloitte for statutory audit services in 2023 totaled approximately EUR 4 031 700. In addition  Sampo Group paid audit firm Deloitte a total of approximately EUR 460 000 in fees for non-audit services  which is at most approximately 11 percent of the fees paid by Sampo Group to audit firm Deloitte for statutory audit services.The Auditor’s fees for services provided to Sampo Group have been presented in note 6 of the annexto the consolidated financial statements.Sampo plc is also required pursuant to the EU’s new Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive to prepare a sustainability report containing information on the effects of its operations on sustainability matters and their effect on the Company from the financial year 2024 onwards. The sustainability report shall be assured by an assurance opinion provided by a sustainability reporting assurance provider.8 February 2024SAMPO PLCAudit CommitteeAPPENDIX 3Proposal of the Audit Committee for the election of the auditor and the sustainabilityreporting assurance providerThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that theAuthorised Public Accountant Firm Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the financial year 2024. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA ASA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the auditor with principal responsibility. Jukka Vattulainen has acted as the Company’s principally responsible auditor since 2021.The Audit Committee notes that its proposal is free from influence by a third party  and the AuditCommittee is not subject to compliance with any such clauses referred to in Article 16(6) of the Audit Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities and repealing Commission Decision 2005/909/EC) that restrict the choice as regards the election of a statutory auditor or audit firm.The Audit Committee notes that the Company is required to prepare a sustainability report fromthe financial year 2024 onwards  which is to be verified by a sustainability reporting assuranceprovider. According to the Finnish laws transposing the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive Deloitte Ltd will  without being otherwise appointed  act as the sustainability reporting assuranceprovider for the financial year 2024 if Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc’s statutory auditor. Deloitte Ltd has announced that in this case APA ASA Jukka Vattulainen will act as the principal Authorised Sustainability Auditor.8 February 2024SAMPO PLCAudit CommitteeAPPENDIX 4Proposal of the Board of Directors for authorisation to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meetingauthorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000Sampo plc A shares on the condition that the number of own shares held by the Company at any given time may not exceed 10 per cent of all the shares in the Company. Based on the number of shares on the date of publication of the Board’s proposal  the maximum number of shares represents approximately 9.96 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the Company. If the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board to decide on a share issue without consideration (share split) and the Board accordingly decides on said share issue without consideration in proportion to shares owned  then the aforementioned maximum number of shares that may be repurchased will be automatically multiplied by the same ratio without any separate decision. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company’s shareholders (directed repurchase) if the Board of Directors deems that there are weighty financial reasons for such directed repurchase. Directed repurchases may be carried out  among others  through open market purchases  participation in accelerated book-building processes or through arranging reversed accelerated book-building processes.The purchase price per share shall be no more than(i) the highest price paid for the Company’s shares in public trading on the day of the repurchaseor the offer to repurchase the Company’s own shares  or alternatively (ii) the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated marketswhere the Company’s share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days precedingthe repurchase or the offer to repurchase the Company’s own shares giving retrospective effectto a potential share split increasing the total number of shares.The lowest purchase price per share shall be the price that is 20 per cent lower than the lowestprice paid for the Company’s shares in public trading during the validity of this authorisationuntil the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the Company’s own shares giving retrospective effectto a potential share split increasing the total number of shares.The repurchases under the authorisation are proposed to be carried out by using funds in theunrestricted shareholders’ equity  which means that the repurchases will reduce funds available fordistribution of profit.The Board of Directors shall be authorised to decide on all other terms relating to the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.The holder of all of Sampo plc’s B shares has given its consent to a buy-back of A shares.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting however no longer than 18 months from the Annual General Meeting’s decision.8 February 2024SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX 5Proposal of the Board of Directors for authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meetingresolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment inproportion to shares owned by shareholders (share split) based on the following terms in order toenhance share liquidity and accessibility. The Board of Directors could then resolve upon the timing and execution of the share issue without payment at its discretion and based on the then prevailing market conditions.Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares toall shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide the exact amount of new shares issued for each A share and each B share within the limits of the proposed maximum number of new shares such that the ratio of current shares to new shares would be the same for both classes of shares. Based on the number of shares on the date of publication of the Board’s proposal  a maximum of 2 507 983 760 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The shares would be issued to shareholders who would be registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the share issue.The share issue without payment would be executed in the book-entry system and wouldnot require any action from the shareholders. As for the A shares that are traded as SDRs  therespective new A shares would be converted into SDRs in accordance with sections 7.1 and 7.2 of the General Terms and Conditions for the SDRs and would not require any action from SDR holders. The new shares would generate shareholders’ rights as of when they have been registered in the trade register.The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide on the record date of the share issue inaccordance with applicable and valid legislation. The authorisation is proposed to remain valid untilthe next Annual General Meeting of Sampo plc  however at the latest until 30 June 2025.8 February 2024SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.43,0.57,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Governing Bodies', 'Proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Authorised Public Accountant Firm Deloitte Ltd', 'Maria Silander Communications Manager', 'sustainability reporting assurance provider', 'Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'ongoing surplus capital generation', 'five (5) new B shares', 'five (5) new A shares', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Annual General Meeting', 'internal governance structure', 'capital management framework', 'current B share', 'outstanding A shares', '2023 year-end distributable funds', 'current A share', 'total annual dividends', 'dividend record date', 'reliable regular dividend', 'The Audit Committee', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'SAMPO PLC Board', 'new shares', 'distributable capital', 'excess capital', 'equity capital', '50,000,000 Sampo plc', 'publishing date', 'additional dividends', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Dividend Policy', 'total dividend', 'Governing Bodies', 'several occasions', '9.96 per cent', 'Finnish laws', 'Sami Taipalus', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'principal media', 'business development', '70 per cent', 'operational result', 'payout ratio', '86 per cent', 'extra dividend', 'financial year', 'share issue', 'share split', 'significant share', 'Further information', 'Sampo Group', 'following proposals', 'The Board', 'statutory auditor', 'parent Company', 'AGM proposals', 'February', 'Directors', '25 April', 'distribution', 'profit', 'election', 'authorisation', 'repurchase', 'payment', 'EUR', 'one', 'maximum', 'appendix', 'compensation', 'invoices', 'shareholders', 'proportion', 'holdings', 'action', 'part', 'Nomination', '27 March', 'Head', 'tel', 'FIN-FSA', 'buybacks', 'extent', '2023 earnings', 'reserves', 'policies', '29 April', 'remainder', '10:50', '358', '463']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35933,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825701/0/en/Proposals-by-Huhtam%C3%A4ki-Oyj-s-Board-of-Directors-and-the-Shareholders-Nomination-Board-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders.html,Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj’s Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 8.2.2024 AT 8:45       Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj’s Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board to...,"HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 8.2.2024 AT 8:45Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj’s Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersThe Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Huhtamäki Oyj (the ""Company"") (the ""AGM"") will be held on Thursday  April 25  2024  at 11:00 (EEST)  at Scandic Marina Congress Center  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland.The notice to convene the AGM is planned to be published on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com) on March 26  2024. In addition  there will be an announcement regarding the notice in the Helsingin Sanomat newspaper. The notice will include more detailed information on the participation and voting at the AGM.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.05 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend would be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.53 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment April 29  2024. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be May 7  2024.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.52 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 1  2024. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be October 8  2024.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.No significant changes have taken place in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The Company’s liquidity position is good  and the proposed distribution does not  in the view of the Board of Directors  risk the Company’s ability to fulfill its obligations.Remuneration Report for the Governing BodiesThe Company’s Remuneration Report will be presented to the AGM for advisory approval. The Remuneration Report will be published in connection with the Annual Report.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that the number of members of the Board of Directors would be eight (8).The Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Mr. Doug Baillie  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Pauline Lindwall  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas  Mr. Pekka Vauramo and Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich would be re-elected and  as a new member  Mr. Robert K. Beckler would be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Mr. Pekka Vauramo would be elected as Chair of the Board  and that Ms. Kerttu Tuomas would be re-elected as Vice-Chair of the Board.Two of the current members of the Board of Directors  Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä and Mr. William R. Barker  have announced that they are not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Mr. Robert K. Beckler (born 1961) has acted as Chief Executive Officer (2021–2023) and Senior Advisor (2017–2021) at TemperPack Technologies  Inc. Before that he has worked at WestRock Company in several management positions (1987–2016)  latest position being President  Packaging Solutions (2015–2016). Mr. Beckler’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Tedia Company  Wikoff Color Corporation and Mill Rock Packaging Partners. Mr. Beckler holds B.Sc. (Chemistry) and Ph.D. (Chemical Engineering). He is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.The biographical details of all candidates are presented on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).All of the candidates have given their consent to the election.Remuneration and expense compensation of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors would be paid as follows: to the Chair EUR 175 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 82 000 and to the other members EUR 67 000 each. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual remuneration to the Chair and members of the Board Committees would be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 16 500 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 5 700 as well as to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 10 000 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 4 000. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that EUR 1 500 would be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Traveling expenses of the Board members would be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board expects all members of the Board of Directors to own shares in Huhtamäki Oyj.Election and remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  would be re-elected as Auditor for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2024. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  would be the Auditor with principal responsibility.It is noted that KPMG Oy Ab would also act as Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm of the Company. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA would be the key sustainability partner.The recommendation of the Audit Committee is included in the proposal of the Board of Directors available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).The Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the Auditor’s remuneration would be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. It is noted that the Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm would also be paid remuneration against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company’s own shares  subject to the number of shares held by the Company at any given moment not exceeding 10 percent of all the shares of the Company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization only by using non-restricted equity.Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves on how shares are repurchased. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2025.Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Companies Act as follows: the aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares and may deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2025.For further information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7872HUHTAMÄKI OYJBoard of DirectorsAbout HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a leading global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  and personal care products  ensuring hygiene and safety  driving accessibility and affordability  and helping prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do. We are committed to achieving carbon neutral production and designing all our products to be recyclable  compostable or reusable by 2030. Our blueloopTM sustainable packaging solutions are world-leading and designed for circularity.We are a participant in the UN Global Compact  Huhtamaki is rated ‘A’ on the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment and EcoVadis has awarded Huhtamaki with the Gold medal for performance in sustainability. To play our part in managing climate change  we have set science-based targets that have been approved and validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative.With 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage we operate in 37 countries and 116 operating locations around the world. Our values Care Dare Deliver guide our decisions and help our team of around 18 000 employees make a difference where it matters. Our 2022 net sales totalled EUR 4.5 billion. Huhtamaki Group is headquartered in Espoo  Finland and our parent company  Huhtamäki Oyj  is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Find out more about how we are protecting food  people and the planet at www.huhtamaki.com.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.14,0.3,0.56,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Proposals', 'Directors', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Scandic Marina Congress Center', 'Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich', 'Mr. William R. Barker', 'Mill Rock Packaging Partners', 'Mr. Robert K. Beckler', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Mr. Doug Baillie', 'Mr. Pekka Vauramo', 'Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä', 'Helsingin Sanomat newspaper', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Ms. Mercedes Alonso', 'Ms. Anja Korhonen', 'Ms. Pauline Lindwall', 'Ms. Kerttu Tuomas', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'several management positions', 'Wikoff Color Corporation', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'current key positions', 'Human Resources Committee', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'new record date', 'new payment date', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Mr. Beckler', 'Committee meeting', 'Packaging Solutions', 'Annual Report', 'aggregate dividend', 'new member', 'annual remuneration', 'The Board', 'Audit Committee', 'significant shareholders', 'detailed information', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'two instalments', 'significant changes', 'financial position', 'financial year', 'liquidity position', 'Governing Bodies', 'advisory approval', 'Senior Advisor', 'TemperPack Technologies', 'latest position', 'B.Sc.', 'Ph.D.', 'Chemical Engineering', 'biographical details', 'expense compensation', 'current members', 'The Company', 'Board member', 'Board Committees', 'other members', 'WestRock Company', 'Tedia Company', 'Proposals', 'Directors', 'AGM', 'Thursday', 'April', 'EEST', 'Katajanokanlaituri', '00160 Helsinki', 'notice', 'website', 'huhtamaki', 'March', 'addition', 'announcement', 'participation', 'voting', 'Use', 'profit', 'December', 'register', 'May', 'regulations', 'place', 'distribution', 'view', 'ability', 'obligations', 'connection', 'Composition', 'number', 'term', 'Chair', 'election', 'President', 'trust', 'Chemistry', 'candidates', 'consent', '11:00']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35934,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HUHTAMAKI-OYJ-1412465/news/Proposals-by-Huhtamaki-Oyj-s-Board-of-Directors-and-the-Shareholders-Nomination-Board-to-the-A-45909427/,Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj's Board of Directors and the Shareholders' Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,(marketscreener.com) HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 8.2.2024 AT 8:45 Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj’s Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Huhta…,"HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 8.2.2024 AT 8:45Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj’s Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersThe Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Huhtamäki Oyj (the ""Company"") (the ""AGM"") will be held on Thursday  April 25  2024  at 11:00 (EEST)  at Scandic Marina Congress Center  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland.The notice to convene the AGM is planned to be published on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com) on March 26  2024. In addition  there will be an announcement regarding the notice in the Helsingin Sanomat newspaper. The notice will include more detailed information on the participation and voting at the AGM.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.05 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend would be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.53 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment April 29  2024. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be May 7  2024.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.52 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 1  2024. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be October 8  2024.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.No significant changes have taken place in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The Company’s liquidity position is good  and the proposed distribution does not  in the view of the Board of Directors  risk the Company’s ability to fulfill its obligations.Remuneration Report for the Governing BodiesThe Company’s Remuneration Report will be presented to the AGM for advisory approval. The Remuneration Report will be published in connection with the Annual Report.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that the number of members of the Board of Directors would be eight (8).The Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Mr. Doug Baillie  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Pauline Lindwall  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas  Mr. Pekka Vauramo and Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich would be re-elected and  as a new member  Mr. Robert K. Beckler would be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Mr. Pekka Vauramo would be elected as Chair of the Board  and that Ms. Kerttu Tuomas would be re-elected as Vice-Chair of the Board.Two of the current members of the Board of Directors  Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä and Mr. William R. Barker  have announced that they are not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Mr. Robert K. Beckler (born 1961) has acted as Chief Executive Officer (2021–2023) and Senior Advisor (2017–2021) at TemperPack Technologies  Inc. Before that he has worked at WestRock Company in several management positions (1987–2016)  latest position being President  Packaging Solutions (2015–2016). Mr. Beckler’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Tedia Company  Wikoff Color Corporation and Mill Rock Packaging Partners. Mr. Beckler holds B.Sc. (Chemistry) and Ph.D. (Chemical Engineering). He is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.The biographical details of all candidates are presented on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).All of the candidates have given their consent to the election.Remuneration and expense compensation of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors would be paid as follows: to the Chair EUR 175 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 82 000 and to the other members EUR 67 000 each. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual remuneration to the Chair and members of the Board Committees would be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 16 500 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 5 700 as well as to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 10 000 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 4 000. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that EUR 1 500 would be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Traveling expenses of the Board members would be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board expects all members of the Board of Directors to own shares in Huhtamäki Oyj.Election and remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  would be re-elected as Auditor for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2024. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  would be the Auditor with principal responsibility.It is noted that KPMG Oy Ab would also act as Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm of the Company. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA would be the key sustainability partner.The recommendation of the Audit Committee is included in the proposal of the Board of Directors available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).The Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the Auditor’s remuneration would be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. It is noted that the Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm would also be paid remuneration against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company’s own shares  subject to the number of shares held by the Company at any given moment not exceeding 10 percent of all the shares of the Company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization only by using non-restricted equity.Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves on how shares are repurchased. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2025.Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Companies Act as follows: the aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares and may deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2025.For further information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7872HUHTAMÄKI OYJBoard of DirectorsAbout HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a leading global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  and personal care products  ensuring hygiene and safety  driving accessibility and affordability  and helping prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do. We are committed to achieving carbon neutral production and designing all our products to be recyclable  compostable or reusable by 2030. Our blueloopTM sustainable packaging solutions are world-leading and designed for circularity.We are a participant in the UN Global Compact  Huhtamaki is rated ‘A’ on the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment and EcoVadis has awarded Huhtamaki with the Gold medal for performance in sustainability. To play our part in managing climate change  we have set science-based targets that have been approved and validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative.With 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage we operate in 37 countries and 116 operating locations around the world. Our values Care Dare Deliver guide our decisions and help our team of around 18 000 employees make a difference where it matters. Our 2022 net sales totalled EUR 4.5 billion. Huhtamaki Group is headquartered in Espoo  Finland and our parent company  Huhtamäki Oyj  is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Find out more about how we are protecting food  people and the planet at www.huhtamaki.com.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.14,0.3,0.56,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Proposals', 'Directors', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Scandic Marina Congress Center', 'Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich', 'Mr. William R. Barker', 'Mill Rock Packaging Partners', 'Mr. Robert K. Beckler', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Mr. Doug Baillie', 'Mr. Pekka Vauramo', 'Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä', 'Helsingin Sanomat newspaper', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Ms. Mercedes Alonso', 'Ms. Anja Korhonen', 'Ms. Pauline Lindwall', 'Ms. Kerttu Tuomas', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'several management positions', 'Wikoff Color Corporation', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'current key positions', 'Human Resources Committee', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'new record date', 'new payment date', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Mr. Beckler', 'Committee meeting', 'Packaging Solutions', 'Annual Report', 'aggregate dividend', 'new member', 'annual remuneration', 'The Board', 'Audit Committee', 'significant shareholders', 'detailed information', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'two instalments', 'significant changes', 'financial position', 'financial year', 'liquidity position', 'Governing Bodies', 'advisory approval', 'Senior Advisor', 'TemperPack Technologies', 'latest position', 'B.Sc.', 'Ph.D.', 'Chemical Engineering', 'biographical details', 'expense compensation', 'current members', 'The Company', 'Board member', 'Board Committees', 'other members', 'WestRock Company', 'Tedia Company', 'Proposals', 'Directors', 'AGM', 'Thursday', 'April', 'EEST', 'Katajanokanlaituri', '00160 Helsinki', 'notice', 'website', 'huhtamaki', 'March', 'addition', 'announcement', 'participation', 'voting', 'Use', 'profit', 'December', 'register', 'May', 'regulations', 'place', 'distribution', 'view', 'ability', 'obligations', 'connection', 'Composition', 'number', 'term', 'Chair', 'election', 'President', 'trust', 'Chemistry', 'candidates', 'consent', '11:00']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35935,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NOKIA-OYJ-56358470/news/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Nokia-Corporation-45911099/,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Nokia Corporation,(marketscreener.com) Nokia CorporationStock Exchange Release8 February 2024 at 12:00 EET Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Nokia CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Nokia Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  3…,Nokia CorporationStock Exchange Release8 February 2024 at 12:00 EETNotice of the Annual General Meeting of Nokia CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Nokia Corporation (“Nokia” or the “Company”) of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  3 April 2024 at 13:00 EEST at Messukeskus  Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre  Messuaukio 1  Helsinki  Finland.The reception of persons who have registered for the Meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 12:00 noon EEST.Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C.Shareholders may follow the Annual General Meeting through a webcast. Following the webcast is not considered participation or exercise of shareholders’ rights in the Meeting. Instructions regarding the webcast are available in this notice under section C. and later on the Company’s website www.nokia.com/agm2024.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Matters of order for the Meeting3. Election of a person to confirm the minutes and a person to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legal convening of the Meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Annual Accounts  the review by the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the financial year 2023- Review by the President and CEO7. Adoption of the Annual Accounts8. Resolution on the use of profit shown on the balance sheet and authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the distribution of dividend and assets from the reserve for invested unrestricted equityThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023  no dividend is distributed by a resolution of the Annual General Meeting. Instead  the Board proposes to be authorized to decide on the distribution of an aggregate maximum of EUR 0.13 per share as dividend from the retained earnings and/or as assets from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity.The authorization would be used to distribute dividend and/or assets from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity in four installments during the period of validity of the authorization unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise for a justified reason. The authorization would be valid until the opening of the next Annual General Meeting. The Board would make separate resolutions on the amount and timing of each distribution of the dividend and/or assets from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity so that the preliminary record and payment dates will be as set out below. The Company shall make a separate announcement of each such Board resolution.Preliminary record dates Preliminary payment dates 23 April 2024 3 May 2024 23 July 2024 1 August 2024 22 October 2024 31 October 2024 4 February 2025 13 February 2025Each installment based on the resolution of the Board of Directors will be paid to a shareholder registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the payment.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 202310. Presentation and adoption of the Remuneration ReportThe Remuneration Report 2023 will be available on the Company’s website at www.nokia.com/agm2024 on week 9 of 2024. The Remuneration Report is presented to the AGM and adopted through an advisory resolution.11. Presentation and adoption of the Remuneration PolicyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting shall adopt the updated Remuneration Policy. The updated Remuneration Policy is available on the Company’s website at www.nokia.com/agm2024 as of today and published as an attachment to this notice. The Remuneration Policy is adopted through an advisory resolution.12. Resolution on the remuneration to the members of the Board of DirectorsOn the recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual fees payable to the Board members for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting are kept at the current levels:EUR 440 000 for the Chair of the Board;EUR 210 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board;EUR 185 000 for each member of the Board;EUR 30 000 each for the Chairs of the Audit Committee and the Personnel Committee and EUR 20 000 for the Chair of the Technology Committee as an additional annual fee; andEUR 15 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Personnel Committee and EUR 10 000 for each member of the Technology Committee as an additional annual fee.The Board has resolved to establish a Strategy Committee to support the management in terms of strategy work and to act as a preparatory body for the Board. Consequently  on the recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that for the Committee’s first term commencing from the Annual General Meeting and ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting:EUR 20 000 be paid for the Chair of the Strategy Committee and EUR 10 000 be paid for each member of the Strategy Committee as an additional annual fee.The Board proposes that approximately 40% of the annual fee be paid in Nokia shares either purchased from the market on behalf of the Board members or alternatively delivered as treasury shares held by the Company. The rest of the annual fee would be paid in cash to cover taxes arising from the remuneration. The directors shall retain until the end of their directorship such number of shares that corresponds to the number of shares they have received as Board remuneration during their first three years of service in the Board.In addition  the Board proposes that the meeting fees for Board and Committee meetings remain at their current level. The meeting fees are based on travel required between the Board member’s home location and the location of a meeting and paid for a maximum of seven meetings per term as follows:EUR 5 000 per meeting requiring intercontinental travel; andEUR 2 000 per meeting requiring continental travel.Moreover  it is proposed that members of the Board of Directors shall be compensated for travel and accommodation expenses as well as other costs directly related to Board and Board Committee work. The meeting fees  travel expenses and other expenses would be paid in cash.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsOn the recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members be ten (10). However  should any number of the candidates proposed by the Board not be able to attend the Board  the proposed number of Board members shall be decreased accordingly.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsOn the recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that for a term until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  the following persons are elected as Board members in an individual election  enabling shareholders to vote separately on each individual Board member candidate:1) Timo Ahopelto (current member);2) Sari Baldauf (current member  Chair);3) Elizabeth Crain (current member);4) Thomas Dannenfeldt (current member);5) Lisa Hook (current member);6) Michael McNamara (new member candidate);7) Thomas Saueressig (current member);8) Søren Skou (current member  Vice Chair);9) Carla Smits-Nusteling (current member); and10) Kai Öistämö (current member).The biographical details of all Board member candidates are presented on the Company’s website www.nokia.com/agm2024.The Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee has assessed that the proposed Board members enable the efficient functioning of the Board and are qualified both collectively and individually based on their skills  experience and other personal qualities  taking into account the diversity principles established by the Board and the current and future needs of the Company.All proposed Board members have given their consent to being elected as members of the Board of Directors and been determined to be independent of Nokia and its significant shareholders under the Finnish Corporate Governance Code and the rules of the New York Stock Exchange  as applicable.The Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee intends to propose in the assembly meeting of the new Board of Directors to be held after the Annual General Meeting that Sari Baldauf be re-elected as Chair of the Board and Søren Skou as Vice Chair of the Board  subject to their election to the Board of Directors.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor to be elected for the financial year 2025 be reimbursed based on the invoice of the auditor and in compliance with the purchase policy approved by the Audit Committee.16. Election of auditor for the financial year 2025The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the shareholders would elect the auditor for the financial year commencing next after the election. On the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Deloitte Oy be re-elected as the auditor of the Company for the financial year 2025.Deloitte Oy has informed the Company that the auditor in charge would be Authorized Public Accountant Jukka Vattulainen.17. Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurerNokia will publish a Sustainability Report for the first time as part of the Board Review in its Financial Statements 2024. Pursuant to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (“Finnish Companies Act”)  Chapter 7  Section 6 a  the Annual General Meeting shall elect the assurer of the sustainability reporting. Such assurance may be carried out by an Authorized Sustainability Auditor or an Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm as laid down by the Auditing Act. On the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the assurer of the sustainability reporting elected for each financial year 2024 and 2025 be reimbursed based on the invoice and in compliance with the purchase policy approved by the Audit Committee.18. Election of the sustainability reporting assurer for the financial years 2024–2025The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act  Chapter 7  Section 6 a  the shareholders would elect the assurer carrying out the assurance of the sustainability reporting of the Company  for the financial year of the election and the financial year commencing next after the election. Therefore  on the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm Deloitte Oy be elected as the sustainability reporting assurer for the financial years 2024 and 2025.Deloitte Oy has informed the Company that in the event it is elected  the key sustainability partner for the financial year 2024 will be Authorized Public Accountant (KHT) and Authorized Sustainability Auditor (KRT) Marika Nevalainen; and for the financial year 2025 Authorized Public Accountant (KHT) and Authorized Sustainability Auditor (KRT) Jukka Vattulainen.19. Authorization to the Board of Directors to resolve to repurchase the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve to repurchase a maximum of 530 million shares  which corresponds to less than 10 percent of the Company’s total number of shares. The repurchases under the authorization are proposed to be carried out by using funds in the unrestricted equity  as resolved by the Board of Directors  which means that the repurchases will reduce the distributable funds of the Company.The price paid for the shares under the authorization shall be based on the market price of Nokia share on the securities markets on the date of the repurchase or a price otherwise formed in a competitive process. Shares may be repurchased to be cancelled  held to be reissued  transferred further or for other purposes resolved by the Board of Directors. The Company may enter into derivative  share lending or other arrangements customary in capital market practice. The shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The Board shall resolve on all other matters related to the repurchase of Nokia shares.It is proposed that the authorization be effective until 2 October 2025 and terminate the authorization for repurchasing the Company’s shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on 4 April 2023 to the extent that the Board has not previously resolved to repurchase shares based on such authorization.20. Authorization to the Board of Directors to resolve to issue shares and special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve to issue in total a maximum of 530 million shares through issuance of shares or special rights entitling to shares under Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act in one or more issues during the effective period of the authorization. The Board of Directors may issue either new shares or treasury shares held by the Company. The proposed maximum amount corresponds to less than 10 percent of the Company’s total number of shares.Shares and special rights entitling to shares may be issued in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights within the limits set by law. The authorization may be used to develop the Company’s capital structure  diversify the shareholder base  finance or carry out acquisitions or other arrangements  settle the Company’s equity-based incentive plans or for other purposes resolved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall resolve on all terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares under Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act.It is proposed that the authorization be effective until 2 October 2025 and terminate the authorization for issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares resolved at the Annual General Meeting on 4 April 2023.21. Amendments to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Articles of Association of the Company be amended as set out below.Article 2 – ObjectThe Board proposes to amend the object of the Company to reflect its current business.Article 7 – AuditorsThe Finnish Patent and Registration Office is the authority that currently oversees and approves auditors. The Board proposes to amend Article 7 by updating the reference to the current authority. From the fiscal year 2024 onwards  Nokia will need to appoint a sustainability reporting assurer following the implementation of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive. It is proposed to amend Article 7 by adding a mention of this obligation.Article 9 – General MeetingThe Finnish Companies Act has been amended to enable limited liability companies to hold hybrid and virtual general meetings. The Board proposes that Article 9 be amended to also include such a virtual general meeting format as an option in line with the amended Companies Act and the Finnish market practice. Given that shareholders’ rights are equally secured in all meeting formats under the Finnish Companies Act  the amendment would create appropriate flexibility for arranging a general meeting  including in times of extraordinary circumstances  such as pandemics and restrictions on physical gatherings. It would enable the Company to choose the meeting format in the best interest of its shareholders while always securing their rights. The proposed change would not preclude arranging general meetings as in-person format and the Company does not intend to hold its general meetings virtually until reliable automated shareholder identification methods exist for the Company’s global shareholder base. With the proposed change  the Company would  however  be prepared for all meeting formats in extraordinary circumstances.Article 12 – Matters to be considered at the Annual General MeetingThe Board proposes to amend Article 12 by stating that in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act  the Annual General Meeting shall decide  in addition to the items currently listed  on the adoption of the of the remuneration report and when necessary  on the adoption of the remuneration policy. The Board also proposes to amend Article 12 by adding a reference to the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurer and by adding a requirement to elect a sustainability reporting assurer. The numbering of current items 6–9 of Article 12 would be adjusted accordingly.The current and proposed new wording under each proposed amendment to the Articles of Association are available on the Company’s website at www.nokia.com/agm2024.22. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThis notice and all the proposals by the Board of Directors relating to the agenda of the Meeting  including the updated Remuneration Policy  are available on the Company’s website at www.nokia.com/agm2024. The Remuneration Report as well as the “Nokia in 2023” annual report  which includes the Company’s Annual Accounts  the review by the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report  are available on the above-mentioned website on week 9 of 2024. The proposals by the Board of Directors and all other meeting documents will be available also at the Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the Company’s above-mentioned website at latest on 17 April 2024.C. Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting1. The right to participate and registrationEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the meeting on 20 March 2024  in the register of shareholders of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting 2024. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account  is automatically registered in the register of shareholders of the Company. The shareholders who do not have a Finnish book-entry account  please refer to the section 4. Holders of nominee-registered shares or the section 5. Holders of American Depositary Receipts (ADR) for further instructions.The registration period for the Annual General Meeting commences on 21 February 2024 at 10:00 EET. A shareholder  with a Finnish book-entry account  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the Meeting by giving prior notice of attendance no later than on 25 March 2024 at 16:00 EET by which time the registration needs to be received by the Company. Such notice of registration can be given:a) through the Company's website at www.nokia.com/agm2024Registration by natural persons requires strong electronic authentication. In connection with the online registration the shareholder may also authorize a proxy representative and vote in advance. Registration by legal persons as shareholders requires them to provide the business identification code and the number of their Finnish book-entry account. For further information  please refer to the section 3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorney.b) by letter to Nokia Corporation  Register of Shareholders  P.O. Box 226  Fl-00045 NOKIA GROUP; orc) by telephone to +358 20 770 6870 from Monday to Friday at 09:00 to 16:00 (Finnish time).In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to notify their name  personal identification number / birth date or the relevant business identification code  address  telephone number  the name of a possible assistant and the name and the personal identification number/birth date of a possible proxy representative.2. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting through the Company's website at www.nokia.com/agm2024  either in connection with their registration or separately.The advance voting will open on 21 February 2024 at 10:00 EET and end on 25 March 2024 at 16:00 EET.For natural persons  voting in advance requires strong electronic authentication through personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.Legal entities voting in advance requires them to provide the business identification code and the number of their Finnish book-entry account. In case a legal entity uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service  strong electronic authentication of the authorized individual is required either with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For further information  please refer to the section 3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorney.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders who have voted in advance who wish to exercise their right to ask questions  demand a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal under the Finnish Companies Act must participate in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.Further instructions relating to the advance voting will be later available on the Company's website at www.nokia.com/agm2024.For holders of nominee-registered shares  please note that the advance voting is carried out via the account manager of their custodian. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares that they represent in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting by proxy. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy authorization document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Meeting.Proxy authorization documents should be delivered by email to agm@nokia.com or by letter to Nokia Corporation  Register of Shareholders  P.O. Box 226  Fl-00045 NOKIA GROUP at the latest by 25 March 2024 at 16:00 EET. In case the proxy document is sent as a copy  we kindly ask the authorized person to present the original document at the meeting venue. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents the shareholder or their proxy shall separately register for the Annual General Meeting.A template for the proxy document is available on the company’s website at www.nokia.com/agm2024.Shareholders may also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy authorization document. In this case  the shareholder authorizes a representative in the Suomi.fi service by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. More information available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on 20 March 2024  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 27 March 2024 by 14:00 EET. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy authorization documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank.The account manager of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the Company  and if necessary  arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares in accordance with their voting instructions at latest by the time stated above  27 March 2024 at 14:00 EET.For the sake of clarity  it is noted that holders of nominee-registered shares cannot register for the AGM on the Company’s website  but they must be registered by their custodians instead. Further information on these matters can also be found on the company’s website www.nokia.com/agm2024.5. Holders of American Depositary Receipts (ADR)A holder of American Depositary Shares (ADR) intending to vote at the Meeting shall without delay notify the Depositary Bank of Nokia  Citibank  N.A.  of their intention and shall comply with the instructions provided by Citibank  N.A.6. Other instructions and informationInformation on the General Meeting required by the Finnish Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act is available on the Company’s website www.nokia.com/agm2024. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who has given prior notice of attendance and is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Meeting.The shareholders  their representatives and possible assistants are required to prove their identity at the entrance. The personal data collected will only be used in connection with the identity authentications and necessary registrations at the Annual General Meeting and related to it. For more information  please refer to the privacy statement of the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s aforementioned website.The meeting venue can be easily reached by public transportation connections. The shareholders are asked to note that parking is subject to a charge at the Messukeskus parking areas.The Meeting will be conducted primarily in Finnish  and simultaneous translation will be available into English and Swedish  and as necessary  into Finnish.Shareholders may follow the meeting via a webcast and submit written questions on the agenda items during the AGM through the webcast platform. Following the webcast is not considered participation or exercise of shareholders’ rights in the Meeting. No questions asked through the webcast are deemed to be presented pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act. The written questions may be considered in the Annual General Meeting in connection with each agenda item to the extent deemed appropriate by the Chair of the meeting. More information on following the webcast will be later available on the Company’s website at www.nokia.com/agm2024.Changes in the number of shares held after the record date of the Annual General Meeting shall not have an effect on the right to participate in the Meeting nor on the number of votes held by a shareholder in the Meeting.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting the total number of shares in Nokia Corporation is 5 613 496 565  representing the same number of votes.8 February 2024Nokia CorporationBOARD OF DIRECTORSAbout NokiaAt Nokia  we create technology that helps the world act together.As a B2B technology innovation leader  we are pioneering networks that sense  think and act by leveraging our work across mobile  fixed and cloud networks. In addition  we create value with intellectual property and long-term research  led by the award-winning Nokia Bell Labs.Service providers  enterprises and partners worldwide trust Nokia to deliver secure  reliable and sustainable networks today – and work with us to create the digital services and applications of the future.Inquiries:Nokia CommunicationsPhone: +358 10 448 4900Email: press.services@nokia.comKaisa Antikainen  Global Head of Public RelationsNokiaInvestor RelationsPhone: +358 40 803 4080Email: investor.relations@nokia.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Nokia Corporation', 'Notice', 'Nokia Corporation Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'additional annual fee', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Preliminary record dates', 'Preliminary payment dates', 'The Remuneration Report', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'Annual Accounts', 'annual fees', 'Convention Centre', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C.', 'legal convening', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'unrestricted equity', 'aggregate maximum', 'four installments', 'justified reason', 'separate resolutions', 'separate announcement', 'Corporate Governance', 'Nomination Committee', 'current levels', 'Audit Committee', 'Personnel Committee', 'Technology Committee', 'Strategy Committee', 'strategy work', 'preparatory body', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'The Board', 'Helsinki Expo', 'advance voting', 'shareholders’ rights', 'shareholders’ register', 'advisory resolution', 'Vice Chair', 'or assets', 'Board resolution', 'Board members', 'February', '12:00 EET', 'Notice', 'Company', 'Wednesday', 'April', '13:00 EEST', 'Messukeskus', 'Messuaukio', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'webcast', 'participation', 'exercise', 'website', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'order', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'review', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'dividend', 'reserve', '31 December', 'earnings', 'period', 'validity', 'amount', 'timing', 'May', 'July', 'August', 'October', 'discharge', 'liability', 'agm2024', 'week', 'updated', 'today', 'attachment', 'recommendation', 'term', 'close', 'Chairs', 'management']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35936,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825670/0/en/Societe-Generale-Fourth-quarter-2023-full-year-results.html,Societe Generale: Fourth quarter & 2023 full year results,RESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023       Press release                                                        Paris  8 February 2024   AFTER A YEAR OF...,RESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023Press releaseParis  8 February 2024AFTER A YEAR OF TRANSITION AND TRANSFORMATION IN 2023 A YEAR FOCUSED ON THE EXECUTION OF OUR NEW STRATEGIC ROADMAP IN 2024FULL-YEAR RESULTSRevenues of EUR 25.1 billion  down by -7.6% vs. 2022Reported cost-to-income ratio at 73.8%  stable operating expenses (+0.3% vs. 2022) at constant perimeter1  transformation charges of around EUR 730 million in 2023Low cost of risk at 17 basis points  high S1/S2 inventory at ~EUR 3.6 billion at end 2023Group net income of EUR 2.5 billion  up +37% vs. 2022Reported ROTE at 4.2%CET 1 ratio of 13.1%2 at end-2023  around 340 basis points above regulatory requirementLiquidity Coverage Ratio at 160% at end-2023Deposit base up by around +4% vs. 2022QUARTERLY RESULTSQuarterly revenues of EUR 6.0 billion  down by -9.9% vs. Q4 22Reported cost-to-income ratio at 78.3% at Q4 23  operating expenses down by -1.5% vs. Q4 22 at constant perimeter1Low cost of risk of 24 basis points in Q4 23Group net income of EUR 430 million  down -60% vs. Q4 22Reported ROTE at 1.7%MAIN HIGHLIGHTSStrong annual and quarterly performance for Global Banking & Investor Solutions  and International Retail BankingBeginning of the rebound in net interest income for French retail during Q4 23  in a year marked by the negative impact of short-term hedgesRecord annual and quarterly organic client acquisition at BoursoBank  6 million clients reached in January 2024Determination of LeasePlan’s purchase price allocation process leading notably to a EUR 220 million reduction in the amount of goodwillStrengthened ESG commitments  notably through a 80% reduction in upstream Oil & Gas exposure by 2030 vs. 2019  the signature of new partnerships with the IFC and The Ocean Cleanup  and the setting of new NZBA alignment targets on 7 sectorsDISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERSProposed distribution3 of around EUR 1 billion  equivalent to EUR 1.25 per share4  i.e.:a cash dividend of EUR 0.90 per share to be proposed to the General Meetingto be proposed to the General Meeting a share buyback programme  of around EUR 280 million  equivalent to EUR 0.35 per share2024: BETTER PERFORMANCE THROUGH STRATEGIC PLAN EXECUTIONEnhanced commercial performance  notably by the deployment of new relationship model and front office reorganisation in core franchises (implementation of the new operating model in the French networks  overhaul of the setup of Financing and Advisory activities and in-depth transformation of Ayvens)Business portfolio management  notably with the finalisation of previously announced disposals (in addition to Congo and Chad subsidiaries already finalised)Linear improvement of operational efficiency (around EUR 500 million in additional gross savings in 2024  with EUR 750-800 million in transformation costs)Strong capital and liquidity ratios with limited organic RWA growth (<1% vs. 2023)Disciplined risk managementMaintain pace in the deployment of our initiatives and strategic ambitions in ESG2024 FINANCIAL TARGETS5Revenue growth at or above +5% vs. 20236Cost-to-income ratio less than 71% in 2024Net cost of risk between 25 and 30 basis points in 2024ROTE of more than 6% in 2024CET1 ratio of around 13% at end-2024Slawomir Krupa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“2023 was a year of transition and transformation. The exceptional momentum of BoursoBank  the strength of our Global Banking and Investor Solutions franchises  the performance of our international banking activities across all regions  plus the capacity of our new bank in France and Ayvens to implement unprecedented transformations are all strong proof points on our ability to execute at a high level. At the same time  while 2023 was negatively affected by a sharp decrease in net interest income in French Retail Banking and the elevated cost of integrating LeasePlan  it was also characterised by disciplined management of costs  risks and capital.Drawing on our new strategic and financial plan that was presented in September 2023  we are writing a new chapter in the history of the Group  which  for the last 160 years  has assisted millions of clients by way of responsible  long-term relationships. At their service day after day  we support their development and projects  and our contribution to their growth and to unlocking their potential is a source of pride for us.Our ambition is to position Societe Generale among Europe’s top-tier  rock-solid and sustainable banks  and to create long-term value for all our stakeholders  including unequivocal commitment to supporting the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals.We are entering 2024 with confidence and determination  a year that will see the meticulous execution of our strategic plan and an unwavering commitment to reach our financial targets  which will notably involve improved operational efficiency. We will provide precise  regular and transparent reports on our progress toward our announced 2026 objectives.”GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 5 957 6 611 -9.9% -11.2%* 25 104 27 155 -7.6% -8.2%* Operating expenses (4 666) (4 455) +4.7% -0.8%* (18 524) (17 994) +2.9% +0.6%* Gross operating income 1 291 2 156 -40.1% -32.8%* 6 580 9 161 -28.2% -25.8%* Net cost of risk (361) (413) -12.6% -13.4%* (1 025) (1 647) -37.8% -30.8%* Operating income 930 1 743 -46.6% -37.5%* 5 555 7 514 -26.1% -24.8%* Net profits or losses from other assets (21) (4) n/s n/s (113) (3 290) +96.6% +96.6%* Impairment losses on goodwill - - n/s n/s (338) - n/s n/s Income tax (302) (454) -33.4% -33.4%* (1 679) (1 483) +13.2% +15.9%* Net income 613 1 292 -52.6% -40.2%* 3 449 2 756 +25.2% +28.4%* O.w. non-controlling interests 183 222 -17.6% +5.9%* 956 931 +2.7% +7.1%* Reported Group net income 430 1 070 -59.8% -49.7%* 2 493 1 825 +36.6% +39.1%* ROE 1.5% 6.3% 3.1% 2.2% +0.0% +0.0%* ROTE 1.7% 7.1% 4.2% 2.5% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 78.3% 67.4% 73.8% 66.3% +0.0% +0.0%*Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 7 February 2024 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined the Societe Generale Group’s results for Q4 23 and FY 2023.Net banking incomeDespite the continued solid performance by Global Banking and Investor Solutions and International Retail Banking  net banking income recorded a decrease of -9.9% in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22  largely due to the decline in the net interest income in French Retail  Private Banking & Insurance  and to negative impacts in the Corporate Centre (in particular  impacts from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR 30 million and negative changes in the fair value of economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting  amid a sharp decrease in long-term rates in Q4 23).Revenues recorded by French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance decreased by -14.3% vs. Q4 22 owing to the decline in net interest income which continues to be impacted by short-term hedges that were taken before the period of higher interest rates began in 2022. The quarter was nevertheless marked by the beginning of the recovery of net interest income  the peak of the negative impact of these hedges having been reached in Q3 23. Insurance revenues recorded a sharp rise of +42.9% vs. Q4 22 on back of robust commercial activity.Global Banking and Investor Solutions continued to post a solid performance with revenues of EUR 2.2 billion for the quarter  down -11.1% relative to a very strong Q4 22. Global Markets and Investor Services’ revenues decreased by -9.4% vs. Q4 22 owing to the unfavourable base effect on Securities Services business following the revaluation of the participation in Euroclear during Q4 22 (EUR +91 million). Global Markets’ revenues were down slightly (-0.8%) with good commercial momentum in the equity derivatives business and robust activity for fixed-income products. Finance and Advisory recorded strong revenues of EUR 826 million in Q4 23 that were nonetheless down -13.9% compared to the record Q4 22 level. Revenues were resilient in the Asset Finance and Natural Resources finance platforms and solid in the securitisation business. Investment banking revenues underwent a rebound and were notably driven by the primary bond markets. Global Transaction & Payment Services’ revenues were down relative to a strong Q4 22 performance largely due to rising deposit costs in the Cash Management businesses.International Retail Banking revenues rose +1.5% vs. Q4 22. Despite LeasePlan’s contribution for EUR 178 million  Mobility and Leasing Services’ decreased by -10.6%. Revenues were impacted by one-off items notably the negative MtM of LeasePlan’s hedging portfolio (for around EUR -150 million)  normalising Used Car Sales results and the determination of the LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation. In total  International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services’ revenues decreased by -4.5% vs. Q4 22.The Corporate Centre recorded revenues of EUR -196 million in Q4 23 which included around EUR -30 million due to the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations  in addition to a ~EUR -100 million impact linked to negative changes in the fair value of economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting.Over 2023  net banking income decreased by -7.6% vs. 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 4 666 million  up +4.7% vs. Q4 22  but were down -1.5% at constant perimeter.They include EUR 278 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities and EUR 102 million in transformation charges  notably borne by Ayvens and Global Banking and Investor Solutions.Over 2023  operating expenses totalled EUR 18 524 million  up by a moderate +2.9% vs. 2022. They include EUR 617 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities and EUR 730 million in transformation costs. At constant perimeter  they rose by a very minor +0.3% despite the inflationary context.Cost of riskThe cost of risk for Q4 23 was low at 24 basis points  i.e.  EUR 361 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans of EUR 364 million and a slight reversal on performing loans for EUR -3 million.Over 2023  the cost of risk came to 17 basis points.At end-December 2023  the Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 572 million  down EUR -197 million relative to 31 December 2022  notably linked to the strong decrease of the Russian offshore portfolio (see below).The gross coverage ratio stood at 2.9%7 at 31 December 2023. The net coverage ratio on the Group’s doubtful loans stood at around 80%8 at 31 December 2023 (after taking into account guarantees and collateral).At 31 December 2023  the Group sharply reduced its offshore exposure to Russia to around EUR 0.9 billion of EAD (Exposure at Default) compared with EUR 1.8 billion at 31 December 2022 (-50%). The maximum risk exposure on this portfolio is estimated at around EUR 0.3 billion before provision. Total provisions stood at EUR 0.2 billion at end-2023. The onshore residual exposure is marginal at around EUR 15 million and relates to the integration during the year of LeasePlan activities in Russia.Group net incomeGroup net income stood at EUR 430 million in Q4 23  i.e. Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE) of 1.7%.Group net income for 2023 came to EUR 2.5 billion  i.e.  ROTE of 4.2%.Shareholder distributionThe Board of Directors approved the distribution policy for 2023 fiscal year aiming at distributing EUR 1.25 per share9  equivalent to a total amount of around EUR 1 billion of which around EUR 280 million in share buy-backs. A cash dividend of EUR 0.90 per share will be proposed at the General Meeting of Shareholders on 22 May 2024. The dividend will be detached on 27 May 2024 and paid out on 29 May 2024.ESGSociete Generale set two new alignment targets this quarter as part of its Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) commitments  thereby taking to nine the sectors covered by alignment targets out of the 12 sectors recommended by the alliance:New target for the aluminium sector: reduce carbon emission intensity by -25% by 2030 relative to 2022 10   i.e.  6t CO2e/t in 2030 vs. 8t CO2e/t in 2022  i.e.  6t CO2e/t in 2030 vs. 8t CO2e/t in 2022 New target for the maritime transport sector11: reduce carbon emission intensity by -43% by 2030 relative to 2022The three remaining sectors (aviation  agriculture and residential real estate financing) will be covered by the end of the first half of 2024.Beyond the 7 new NZBA alignment targets published since beginning 2023  Societe Generale accelerated its decarbonisation of the oil and gas sector by setting ambitious financing and absolute emissions targets.The methodologies and resources implemented to reach these targets are detailed in a transparent and global transition report that was published in December 2023: Climate and Alignment Report – December 2023 (societegenerale.com) .At 31 December 2023  the Group had already reached EUR 250 billion of contribution to sustainable finance  ahead of the target of EUR 300 billion between end-2021 and end-2025.In conjunction with the initiatives announced at the Capital Markets Day event  two new partnerships were recently signed with:The Ocean Cleanup in December 2023 to financially contribute to the international non-profit in developing technologies to clean up plastic pollution in oceans and stemming the inflow from rivers.The International Finance Corporation (IFC)  a member of the World Bank Group  with a Collaboration Framework Agreement to develop sustainable financing for developing countries and thereby contribute to the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).Finally  the appointment of Subra Suresh as Chairman of the Group’s new Scientific Advisory Council is effective from 1 February 2024.2. THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 66.0 billion at 31 December 2023 (vs. EUR 67.0 billion at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 71.5 and tangible net asset value per share stood at EUR 62.7.The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 554 billion at 31 December 2023 vs. EUR 1 485 billion at 31 December 2022. The total funded balance sheet (see Methodology note 9) stood at EUR 970 billion vs. EUR 930 billion at 31 December 2022. The net amount of customer loan outstandings totalled EUR 497 billion  compared with EUR 516 billion at 31 December 2022. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 618 billion  up by around +4% vs. 31 December 2022.At 31 December 2023  the parent company had issued a total of EUR 52.6 billion in medium/long-term debt. The subsidiaries had issued EUR 5.4 billion. In all  the Group has issued a total of EUR 58.0 billion in medium/long-term debt.The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was well above regulatory requirements at 160% at end-December 2023 (an average of 155% for the quarter)  vs. 141% at end-December 2022. At the same time  the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 119% at end-December 2023 vs. 114% at end-December 2022.The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) totalled EUR 388.8 billion at 31 December 2023 vs. EUR 362.4 billion at end-December 2022 according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. RWAs in respect of credit risk account for 83.9% of the total  i.e.  EUR 326.2 billion  up by 7.8% vs. 31 December 2022.At 31 December 2023  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.1%  or around 340 basis points above the regulatory requirement of 9.77%12 at 31 December 2023. The Group’s ratio CET 1 ratio at 31 December 2023 includes a +6 basis-point impact from the phasing of IFRS 9. Excluding this impact  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.1%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 15.6% at end-December 2023 (16.3% at end-December 2022)  while the total capital ratio amounted to 18.2% (19.4% at end-December 2022)  which is above the respective regulatory requirements of 11.67%1 and 14.21%1.The leverage ratio stood at 4.3% at 31 December 2023 (4.4% at end-December 2022)  above the regulatory requirement of 3.5%1.With an RWA level of 31.9% and leverage exposure of 8.7% at end-December 2023  the Group’s TLAC ratio is significantly above the respective Financial Stability Board requirements for 2023 of 22.1%1 and 6.75%1. Likewise  MREL-eligible outstandings  which stood at 33.7% of RWA and 9.2% of leverage exposure at end-December 2023  are also far above the respective regulatory requirements of 25.72%1 and 5.91%1.The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) FitchRatings - long-term rating “A-”  positive outlook  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short-term rating “A-1”.3. FRENCH RETAIL  PRIVATE BANKING & INSURANCEIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 1 953 2 279 -14.3% 8 023 9 210 -12.9% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 1 950 2 234 -12.7% 8 019 9 018 -11.1% Operating expenses (1 672) (1 806) -7.4% (6 708) (6 896) -2.7% Gross operating income 281 473 -40.6% 1 315 2 314 -43.2% Net cost of risk (163) (219) -25.6% (505) (483) +4.6% Operating income 118 254 -53.5% 810 1 831 -55.8% Net profits or losses from other assets 7 51 -86.3% 10 57 -82.5% Reported Group net income 92 229 -59.8% 610 1 406 -56.6% RONE 2.4% 5.8% 3.9% 9.0% Cost to income 85.6% 79.2% 83.6% 74.9%SG Network  Private Banking and InsuranceAverage loans outstanding decreased by -1% vs. Q3 23 (-5% vs. Q4 22) to EUR 201 billion amid a higher interest rate environment compared with 2022. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional clients excluding government-guaranteed PGE loans rose by +1% vs. Q4 22. Home loan outstandings contracted by -2% vs. Q4 22 in line with the Group’s selective lending policy implemented in 2022 against the backdrop of negative margins. It is worth noting that the origination business has resumed with improved positive margins.Average outstanding balance sheet deposits  which include corporate and professional clients of the SG Network at Private Banking and Insurance  were -1.8% lower vs. Q3 23 at EUR 234 billion  with a continued shift from sight deposits to interest-bearing deposits. They contracted by -6% relative to Q4 22 due mainly to the anticipated decrease at the start of the year of corporate deposits amid rising interest rates.As a result  the average loan/deposit ratio came to 86% in Q4 23.Private Banking activities  which cover Private Banking activities in and outside of France  posted record level of assets under management of EUR 143 billion in Q4 23. In 2023  Private Banking’s net asset gathering pace (net new money divided by AuM) rose by an average of +4% vs. 2022. Net banking income for the quarter stood at EUR 355 million  an increase of +1.4% vs. Q4 22  and at EUR 1 470 million for 2023  up by +3.9% vs. 2022.Insurance  which includes activities in and outside of France  has been consolidated in the French Retail  Private Banking & Insurance core business since the second half of 2023.Life insurance outstandings stood at EUR 136 billion at end-December 2023. The unit-linked share of 38% remains at a high level and rose by +3 percentage points vs. December 2022. Gross life insurance savings inflows amounted to EUR 3.5 billion in Q4 23  up by +20% vs. Q4 22.Protection insurance premiums rose by +4% vs. Q4 22  with good commercial momentum in property and casualty premiums (+6% vs. Q4 22) that was notably driven by the performance in France.BoursoBankBoursoBank posted a record quarter in terms of onboarding with more than 566 000 new clients vs. Q4 22  while reducing its acquisition costs per client. The number of clients at the leading online bank in France reached 5.9 million at the end of December 2023 on back of very strong organic growth over the year (+1.2 million clients vs. 2022  up +26% vs. 2022).At end-2023  the penetration rate for the French market (i.e.  the number of clients at BoursoBank divided by the French population) stood at around 8.8%  up by +1.8 percentage point vs. 2022. More specifically  around one French person out of ten and one adult French person under 30 years old out of five is a BoursoBank client.At the same time  service costs are declining (-10% vs. 2022  -27% vs. 2021). By leveraging its efficient model  the cost base remains structurally low. This is illustrated by the limited rise in BoursoBank’s headcount  which number of full-time employees (FTEs) is around 940 in 2023.As a result of a highly selective origination policy on home loans amid a very unfavourable interest-rate environment since mid-2022  average loan outstandings dipped by -4.7% vs. 2022 to EUR 14.8 billion.Average outstanding savings  including deposits and financial savings  registered a sharp rise to EUR 55.6 billion at end 2023  up +13.6% vs. 2022. Deposits increased by +17.3% vs. Q4 22  i.e.  at a much faster rate than the market trends. Life insurance outstandings increased by +2.4% vs. Q4 22 to EUR 11.5 billion  with the unit-linked share accounting for 44.2%  a +2.7 percentage-point rise vs. 2022.Net banking incomeIn Q4 23  revenues totalled EUR 1 953 million  down -14.3% vs. Q4 22  (-12.7% excluding PEL/CEL). Net interest income excluding PEL/CEL was down -26% vs. Q4 22  mainly due to the negative impact from short-term hedges taken before the rise in interest rates. Fee income decreased by -2.7% relative to Q4 22.Over the year  revenues totalled EUR 8 023 million  down -12.9% vs. 2022 (-11.1% restated for the PEL/CEL provision). Net interest income excluding PEL/CEL decreased by -22% vs. 2022 and fee income was stable.Based on latest budget assumptions  the net interest income forecast for French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance for 2024 is expected to be greater than or equal to that of 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 1 672 million  down -7.4% vs. Q4 22. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 85.6% in Q4 23.Over the year  operating expenses decreased by -2.7% vs. 2022 to EUR 6 708 million. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 83.6%.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk amounted to EUR 163 million or 27 basis points  which was lower than in Q4 22 (35 basis points).Over the year  the cost of risk totalled EUR 505 million or 20 basis points  which is stable on the 2022 level.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 92 million  down -60% vs. Q4 22. RONE stood at 2.4% in Q4 23.Over 2023  Group net income came to EUR 610 million  down -57% vs. 2022. RONE stood at 3.9 % in 2023.GLOBAL BANKING AND INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EUR m Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 2 185 2 459 -11.1% -9.8%* 9 640 10 108 -4.6% -3.4%* Operating expenses (1 599) (1 551) +3.1% +5.0%* (6 787) (6 832) -0.7% +0.5%* Gross operating income 586 908 -35.5% -34.8%* 2 853 3 276 -12.9% -11.6%* Net cost of risk (39) (78) -50.0% -47.7%* (30) (421) -92.9% -92.8%* Operating income 547 830 -34.1% -33.6%* 2 823 2 855 -1.1% +0.4%* Reported Group net income 467 695 -32.8% -32.3%* 2 280 2 293 -0.6% +1.0%* RONE 12.3% 16.2% +0.0% +0.0%* 14.8% 14.2% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 73.2% 63.1% +0.0% +0.0%* 70.4% 67.6% +0.0% +0.0%*Net banking incomeGlobal Banking and Investor Solutions delivered a solid performance in the fourth quarter  posting revenues of EUR 2 185 million  down -11.1% with respect to a strong Q4 22.Over 2023  revenues remained high  recording a slight decrease of -4.6% vs. a record 2022 (EUR 9 640 million in 2023 vs. EUR 10 108 million in 2022)  notably owing to less conducive market conditions than in 2022  particularly for the fixed-income business.Global Markets & Investor Services recorded durably strong revenues of EUR 1 359 million in Q4 23  albeit -9.4% down on a high Q4 22 owing to an unfavourable base effect following the EUR 91 million revaluation in 2022 of the participation in Euroclear. Over 2023  revenues totalled EUR 6 299 million  i.e.  a -6.3% decrease vs. 2022.Global Markets turned in a mostly stable performance in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22 amid a normalising market environment  posting revenues of EUR 1 215 million  slightly down (-0.8%) vs. Q4 22  which was a record fourth quarter(13). In 2023  revenues were slightly down by -4.6% vs. 2022 to EUR 5 598 million  which is very good performance despite a less conducive market context.The Equities business performed very well  posting near record fourth quarter revenues of EUR 765 million in Q4 23  up by +18.2% vs. Q4 22. The business was driven by favourable market conditions in the equities markets and by strong demand for derivatives. Over the year  revenues were slightly down by-3.2% to EUR 3 196 million relative to robust business activity in 2022.Fixed Income and Currencies recorded solid revenues of EUR 450 million  notably owing to solid commercial momentum in the investment solutions business. They were nonetheless down -22.1% vs. Q4 22  which ranks among the best performing quarters for this business. Over 2023  revenues decreased by -6.5% vs. 2022 to EUR 2 402 million.Securities Services’ revenues decreased by -47.6% over the quarter to EUR 144 million owing to a positive one-off impact in Q4 22 of EUR 91 million following a revaluation of the participation in Euroclear. Over 2023  revenues contracted by -17.5% vs. 2022 and were stable (-0.7%) excluding the impact of the valuation of various equity participations. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration amounted to EUR 4 931 billion and EUR 579 billion  respectively.The Financing and Advisory business posted revenues of EUR 826 million  down -13.9% vs. Q4 22. In 2023  revenues contracted by a moderate -1.4% to EUR 3 341 million vs. 2022  which was a record year.The Global Banking and Advisory business registered solid revenues  albeit posting a -14.0% decrease compared to the record quarter of Q4 22. The business notably benefited from sustained commercial performance in the Asset Finance and Natural Resources platforms. Strong momentum in Asset-Backed Products in Q4 23 and Investment Banking confirmed its rebound. Over 2023  durably high revenues decreased by -6.8% vs. 2022  which was a record year.While robust  Global Transaction & Payment Services’ revenues were down relative to 2022. Revenues decreased by -13.5% vs. Q4 22 owing to the less favourable interest-rate environment and to increased remuneration on deposits. Nonetheless  2023 was a record year  with revenues up by a sharp +19.3% vs. 2022.Operating expensesOperating expenses came to EUR 1 599 million in Q4 23 and included EUR 64 million in transformation costs. Operating expenses were up by a slight +3.1% vs. Q4 22  reflecting the tight rein on costs despite an inflationary backdrop. Accordingly  the cost-to-income ratio came to 73.2% in Q4 23.Over 2023  operating expenses decreased by a slight -0.7% vs. 2022. They include EUR 167 million in transformation charges. The cost-to-income ratio for the year consequently came to 70.4%. Excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF)  the ratio was 65.4%.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk remained at a very low 9 basis points (or EUR 39 million) vs. 16 basis points in Q4 22.Over 2023  the cost of risk stood at 2 basis points vs. 23 basis points in 2022.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 467 million. It was EUR 2 280 million in 2023  down slightly by-0.6% vs. 2022.For the quarter  Global Banking and Investor Solutions reported RONE of 12.3%. Over 2023  reported RONE came to 14.8% and to 17.2% excluding the contribution to the SRF.INTERNATIONAL RETAIL  MOBILITY AND LEASING SERVICESIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 2 015 2 111 -4.5% -10.1%* 8 507 8 139 +4.5% +1.1%* Operating expenses (1 286) (1 017) +26.5% +0.4%* (4 765) (3 957) +20.4% +8.1%* Gross operating income 729 1 094 -33.4% -19.8%* 3 742 4 182 -10.5% -5.5%* Net cost of risk (137) (133) +3.0% -2.6%* (486) (705) -31.1% -8.8%* Operating income 592 961 -38.4% -22.3%* 3 256 3 477 -6.4% -5.1%* Net profits or losses from other assets (11) (1) n/s n/s (11) 11 n/s n/s Reported Group net income 281 526 -46.6% -33.9%* 1 606 1 921 -16.4% -16.9%* RONE 10.9% 22.8% 16.5% 19.9% Cost to income 63.8% 48.2% 56.0% 48.6%International Retail Banking posted a good commercial performance in 2023  recording loan outstandings of EUR 67.3 billion and deposits of EUR 80.4 billion  up by a respective +4.6% and +5.2% relative to 2022.In Europe  outstanding loans continued their uptrend and totalled EUR 41.9 billion at end-2023  which was a + 5.1% increase on 2022. Outstanding loans in the Czech Republic grew by +3.4% vs. 2022  while in Romania they rose by +12.3% vs. 2022. Outstanding deposits totalled EUR 53.3 billion at end-2023  up by +7.5% vs. 2022.Outstandings in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories also grew  with loans of EUR 25.4 billion and deposits of EUR 27.1 billion in 2023  i.e.  respective increases of +3.7% and +0.8% vs. 2022. The region benefited from particularly robust commercial performances in sub-Saharan Africa  which posted loan outstandings growth of +6.8% vs. 2022  and in the Mediterranean Basin which saw deposits increase by +4.5% vs. 2022.Mobility and Leasing Services registered solid growth in earning assets that was driven by the increase in car values. In Q4 23  earning assets grew by +14.2% to EUR 52.0 billion at end-December 2023 vs. EUR 45.5 billion at end-December 2022.Consumer Finance entities recorded a good performance at end-2023  with loan outstandings of EUR 24.1 billion (+0.7% vs. 2022) and deposit outstandings of EUR 2.3 billion (+17.5% vs. 2022). Equipment Finance business rode high on robust production levels during the entire year to post outstandings of EUR 15.4 billion at end-2023  up +2.8% vs. 2022.Net banking incomeIn Q4 23  the International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services core business posted revenues of EUR 2 015 million  down -4.5% vs. Q4 22. Revenues were notably impacted by a contraction in Ayvens despite the contribution from LeasePlan as a result of the normalisation of Used Car Sales (UCS) results  downward pressure on margins and other exceptional items  notably the negative marked-to-market value of the hedging portfolio (for around EUR -150 million).Over 2023  revenues were up +4.5% vs. 2022 to EUR 8 507 million  including ~EUR 680 million from the integration of LeasePlan.International Retail Banking’s net banking income stood at EUR 1 067 million for the quarter  up by +1.5% vs. Q4 22. Over 2023  revenues stabilised relative to 2022 at EUR 4 191 million.Revenues in Europe remained high in 2023 at EUR 2 037 million and were stable vs. 2022. Romania turned in a good financial performance in 2023 and posted a +12.4% increase in net banking income vs. 2022. The Czech Republic recorded a lower net interest margin compared with a particularly robust 2022 amid high interest rates.Revenues in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories rose sharply over the year by +10.1% vs. 2022 and were driven by robust growth in net interest income across all regions (an average of +14.1% vs. 2022).Mobility and Leasing Services’ revenues decreased by -10.6% over the quarter vs. Q4 22 to EUR 948 million in Q4 23  but were up by +9.3% over the year vs. 2022.Ayvens posted net banking income down by -17% in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22  and up by +16% in 2023 relative to 2022. The fourth quarter was marked by downward pressure on margins resulting from the interest-rate and inflationary environment. The Used Car Sales (UCS) market began to progressively normalise in 2023  which prompted a gradual decrease in UCS results. In Q4 23  Ayvens registered an average UCS results of EUR 1 453 per unit vs. EUR 3 054 in Q4 22 at ALD (including the impact of the reduction in depreciation costs  the average UCS result per unit stands at EUR 444 per car vs. EUR 1 919 in Q4 22) and a continued decrease in prospective depreciation  with a ~EUR -130 million impact vs. Q4 22.At the same time  Ayvens recorded one-off items  notably the negative marked-to-market value of its hedging portfolio on leasing contracts for around EUR -150 million in Q4 23.Over the year  the average UCS results (excluding the reduction of depreciation costs) came to EUR 2 344 per unit  which remains high  relative to a record year in 2022  at EUR 3 269 per unit.2024 will be a pivotal year for Ayvens that will include decisive steps in the LeasePlan integration and synergies of around EUR 120 million that will materialise as of this year (o/w EUR 38 million already secured)  ahead of EUR 350 million in 2025  followed by approximately EUR 440 million in 2026. The amount of associated restructuring costs for 2024 is confirmed at around EUR 190 million  with a remaining amount of around EUR 40 million in 2025.Regarding the business  Ayvens anticipates a gradual improvement in margins in the future and an acceleration in the normalisation of the UCS market. It has set the following targets for 2024:Annual growth in earning assets of +7% to +9% vs. 2023Average UCS result of EUR 1 100 to EUR 1 600 per unit 14Cost-to-income ratio of 65% to 67% excluding UCS results non-recurring items and PPA15In Q4 23  net banking income for consumer credit businesses showed resilience  posting a slight decrease of -2.2% vs. Q4 22. The Consumer Finance and Equipment Finance businesses turned in a good financial performance  posting revenue increases of +15.2% vs. Q4 22 and of +6.0% vs. 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 1 286 million  by +26.5% vs. Q4 22 (stable at constant perimeter and exchange rates). They were impacted by LeasePlan costs of ~EUR 280 million and by transformation costs associated with the integration of around EUR 56 million. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 63.8% in Q4 23.Over 2023  operating expenses totalled EUR 4 765 million  up by +20.4% vs. 2022 (+8.1% at constant perimeter and exchange rates). These included ~EUR 615 million from LeasePlan and ~EUR 250 million in transformation costs.International Retail’s operating expenses were stable over the year at EUR 2 374 million. Operating expenses rose by +2.6% to EUR 593 million in Q4 23 and remained contained amid an inflationary context.Operating expenses for Mobility and Leasing Services totalled EUR 2 391 million  up by +50.5% over the year (+8.1% vs. 2022 at constant perimeter and exchange rates)  including LeasePlan costs and transformation costs associated with its integration.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk fell to 33 basis points (or EUR 137 million) vs. 40 basis points in Q4 22.Over 2023  the cost of risk stood at 32 basis points vs. 52 basis points in 2022.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 281 million  down -46.6% vs. Q4 22. RONE stood at 10.9% in Q4 23. RONE was 18.2% in International Retail Banking  and 5.9% in Mobility and Leasing Services in Q4 23.Over 2023  Group net income came to EUR 1 606 million  down -16.4% vs. 2022  while RONE stood at 16.5%. RONE was 17.5% in International Retail Banking  and 15.9% in Mobility and Leasing Services in 2023.CORPORATE CENTREIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Net banking income (196) (238) (1 066) (302) Operating expenses (109) (81) (264) (309) Gross operating income (305) (319) (1 330) (611) Net cost of risk (22) 17 (4) (38) Net profits or losses from other assets (16) (60) (112) (3 364) Impairment losses on goodwill - - (338) - Income tax (46) (9) (126) 382 Reported Group net income (410) (380) (2 003) (3 795)The Corporate Centre includes:the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects  as well as several costs incurred by the Group that are not re-invoiced to the businesses.Net banking incomeThe Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -196 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -238 million in Q4 22. It notably included the negative impact from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR -30 million at Q4 23 and the impact of the decrease in long-term rates on hedges not eligible for hedge accounting (around EUR -100 million).Over the year  the Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -1 066 million vs. EUR -302 million in 2022. It notably includes the negative impact of replacement swaps for around EUR -310 million  the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR -330 million and the negative impact of the year of one-off items for around EUR -200 million.Operating expensesOperating expenses totalled EUR -109 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -81 million in Q4 22.Over the year  operating expenses totalled EUR -264 million vs. EUR -309 million in 2022.Income taxIn Q4 23 the Group accounted for a provision for deferred tax assets of around EUR 100 million.Group net incomeThe Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -410 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -380 million in Q4 22.Over the year  the Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -2 003 million vs. EUR -3 795 million in 2022.7. 2024 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2024 Financial communication calendarMay 3  2024 First quarter 2024 resultsMay 22  2024 2023 General MeetingMay 27  2024 Dividend detachmentMay 29  2024 Dividend paymentAugust 1  2024 Second quarter and first half 2024 resultsOctober 31  2024 Third quarter and 9 month 2024 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Variation 2023 2022 Variation French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 92 229 -59.8% 610 1 406 -56.6% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 467 695 -32.8% 2 280 2 293 -0.6% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 281 526 -46.6% 1 606 1 921 -16.4% Core Businesses 840 1 450 -42.1% 4 496 5 620 -20.0% Corporate Centre (410) (380) -7.9% (2 003) (3 795) +47.2% Group 430 1 070 -59.8% 2 493 1 825 +36.6%MAIN EXCEPTIONAL ITEMSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Net Banking Income - Total exceptional items 41 0 (199) 0 One-off legacy items - Corporate Centre 41 0 (199) 0 Operating expenses - Total one-off items and transformation charges (102) (221) (765) (767) Transformation charges (102) (221) (730) (767) Of which French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 18 (84) (312) (414) Of which Global Banking & Investor Solutions (64) (82) (167) (198) Of which International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services (56) (55) (251) (155) One-off items 0 0 (35) 0 Of which French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 0 0 60 0 Of which Global Banking & Investor Solutions 0 0 (95) 0 Other one-off items - Total (116) (60) (820) (3 364) Net profits or losses from other assets (16) (60) (112) (3 364) Goodwill impairment - Corporate Centre(1) 0 0 (338) 0 Provision of Deferred Tax Assets - Corporate Centre(1) (100) 0 (370) 016CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETIn EUR m 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 R17 Cash  due from central banks 223 048 207 013 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 495 882 427 151 Hedging derivatives 10 585 32 971 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 90 894 92 960 Securities at amortised cost 28 147 26 143 Due from banks at amortised cost 77 879 68 171 Customer loans at amortised cost 485 449 506 635 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (433) (2 262) Insurance and reinsurance contracts assets 459 353 Tax assets 4 717 4 484 Other assets 69 765 82 315 Non-current assets held for sale 1 763 1 081 Investments accounted for using the equity method 227 146 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 60 714 33 958 Goodwill 4 949 3 781 Total 1 554 045 1 484 900In EUR m 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 R Due to central banks 9 718 8 361 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 375 584 304 175 Hedging derivatives 18 708 46 164 Debt securities issued 160 506 133 176 Due to banks 117 847 133 011 Customer deposits 541 677 530 764 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedgedagainst interest rate risk (5 857) (9 659) Tax liabilities 2 402 1 645 Other liabilities 93 658 107 315 Non-current liabilities held for sale 1 703 220 Insurance contracts related liabilities 141 723 135 875 Provisions 4 235 4 579 Subordinated debts 15 894 15 948 Total liabilities 1 477 798 1 411 574 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 186 21 248 Other equity instruments 8 924 9 136 Retained earnings 32 891 33 816 Net income 2 493 1 825 Sub-total 65 494 66 025 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses 481 945 Sub-total equity  Group share 65 975 66 970 Non-controlling interests 10 272 6 356 Total equity 76 247 73 326 Total 1 554 045 1 484 900APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 –The financial information presented for the fourth quarter and the year 2023 was examined by the Board of Directors on February 7th  2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. The review procedures on the consolidated annual financial statements  2023 carried by the Statutory Auditors are currently underway.2 - Net banking incomeThe pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity.3 - Operating expensesOperating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in notes 5 and 8.2 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31st  2022. The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.4 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandingsThe cost of risk is defined on pages 42 and 691 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases.In EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 French Retail  Private Banking and InsuranceNet Cost Of Risk 163 219 505 483 Gross loan Outstandings 240 533 250 175 246 701 246 249 Cost of Risk in bp 27 35 20 20 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 39 78 30 421 Gross loan Outstandings 168 799 190 079 169 823 182 110 Cost of Risk in bp 9 16 2 23 International Banking  Mobility and Leasing SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 137 133 486 705 Gross loan Outstandings 164 965 133 756 150 161 135 743 Cost of Risk in bp 33 40 32 52 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk 22 (17) 4 38 Gross loan Outstandings 23 075 16 363 20 291 15 411 Cost of Risk in bp 40 (41) 2 25 Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 361 413 1 025 1 647 Gross loan Outstandings 597 371 590 373 586 977 579 513 Cost of Risk in bp 24 28 17 28The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”).5 - ROE  ROTE  RONEThe notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodologyEnd of period (in EURm) Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Shareholders' equity Group share 65 975 66 970 65 975 66 970 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (9 095) (10 017) (9 095) (10 017) Interest payable to holders of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (21) (24) (21) (24) OCI excluding conversion reserves 636 780 636 780 Distribution provision(2) (995) (1 803) (995) (1 803) ROE equity end-of-period 56 500 55 906 56 500 55 906 Average ROE equity 56 607 55 953 56 396 55 282 Average Goodwill(3) (4 068) (3 660) (4 011) (3 650) Average Intangible Assets (3 188) (2 828) (3 143) (2 751) Average ROTE equity 49 351 49 465 49 242 48 881 Group net Income 430 1 070 2 493 1 825 Interest paid and payable to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation (215) (192) (759) (596) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - - 338 3 Ajusted Group net Income 215 878 2 073 1 233 ROTE 1.7% 7.1% 4.2% 2.5%181920Average normative capital allocated to core businessesIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change French Retail   Private Banking and Insurance 15 439 15 867 -2.7% 15 449 15 592 -0.9% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 15 247 17 115 -10.9% 15 426 16 176 -4.6% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 10 313 9 242 +11.6% 9 707 9 670 +0.4% Core Businesses 40 999 42 224 -2.9% 40 582 41 438 -2.1% Corporate Center 15 608 13 729 +12.9% 15 814 13 844 +14.0% Group 56 607 55 953 +1.0% 56 396 55 282 +2.0%6 - Net assets and tangible net assetsNet assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 45 of the Group’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below:End of period (in EURm) 2023 2022 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 65 975 66 970 65 067 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (9 095) (10 017) (8 003) Interest of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (21) (24) 20 Book value of own shares in trading portfolio 36 67 37 Net Asset Value 56 895 56 996 57 121 Goodwill (4 008) (3 652) (3 624) Intangible Assets (2 954) (2 875) (2 733) Net Tangible Asset Value 49 933 50 469 50 764 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS(2) 796 244 801 147 831 162 Net Asset Value per Share 71.5 71.1 68.7 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 62.7 63.0 61.121227 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS)The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE.The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table:Average number of shares (thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Existing shares 818 008 845 478 853 371 Deductions Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 802 6 252 3 861 Other own shares and treasury shares 11 891 16 788 3 249 Number of shares used to calculate EPS(1) 799 315 822 437 846 261 Group net Income (in EUR m) 2 493 1 825 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (in EUR m) (759) (596) (590) Adjusted Group net income (in EUR m) 1 735 1 230 5 051 EPS (in EUR) 2.17 1.50 5.97238 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios.249 – Funded balance sheet  loan to deposit ratioThe funded balance sheet is based on the Group financial statements. It is obtained in two steps:A first step aiming at reclassifying the items of the financial statements into aggregates allowing for a more economic reading of the balance sheet. Main reclassifications:Insurance: grouping of the accounting items related to insurance within a single aggregate in both assets and liabilities.Customer loans: include outstanding loans with customers (net of provisions and write-downs  including net lease financing outstanding and transactions at fair value through profit and loss); excludes financial assets reclassified under loans and receivables in accordance with the conditions stipulated by IFRS 9 (these positions have been reclassified in their original lines).Wholesale funding:Includes interbank liabilities and debt securities issued.Financing transactions have been allocated to medium/long-term resources and short-term resources based on the maturity of outstanding  more or less than one year.Reclassification under customer deposits of the share of issues placed by French Retail Banking networks (recorded in medium/long-term financing)  and certain transactions carried out with counterparties equivalent to customer deposits (previously included in short term financing).Deduction from customer deposits and reintegration into short-term financing of certain transactions equivalent to market resources.A second step aiming at excluding the contribution of insurance subsidiaries  and netting derivatives  repurchase agreements  securities borrowing/lending  accruals and “due to central banks”.The Group loan/deposit ratio is determined as the division of the customer loans by customer deposits as presented in the funded balance sheet.NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules.(2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section.Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with 117 000 employees serving 25 million clients in more than 60 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for nearly 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail Banking   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank Boursorama.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank Boursorama. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  and ALD / LeasePlan  a global player in sustainable mobility.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.1 After restatement of operating expenses of Russia in 2022 (EUR 145m) and those of LeasePlan (EUR 617m in 2023 and ~EUR 280m in Q4 23)2 Phased-in ratio3 Consistent with distribution policy disclosed during Capital Markets Day applicable from 20234 Based on the number of shares in circulation at 31 December 2023  subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECB5 Based on macro-economic assumptions detailed on slide 37 of the Group’s fourth quarter and full year resultsNB: 2022 data in this document are restated in compliance with IFRS17 and IFRS9 for insurance entities6 Average annual revenue growth between 0% and 2% over 2022-2026Asterisks* in the document refer to data at constant perimeter and exchange rate7 Ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 20198 Ratio of S3 provisions and guarantees/collateral to gross book value of NPL9 Based on the number of shares in circulation at 31 December 2023  subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECB10 In line with the IAI/MPP 1.5°C scenario11 Based on a Poseidon Principles alignment score of 15% in 2030 relative to the IMO’s “Striving For” scenario. Excluding cruise ships at the present time  until the carbon intensity indicator is modified to take into account its specific features12 From 2 January 2024  the new regulatory requirements will be as follows: 10.22% for the CET 1 ratio  12.14% for the Tier 1 ratio  14.71 % for the total solvency ratio  3.6% for the leverage ratio  27.24% and 6.08% respectively for the MREL RWA and leverage exposure ratios  22.29% and 6.75 %  respectively  for the TLAC RWA and leverage exposure ratios13 At comparable business model in the post Global Financial Crisis (GFC) regulatory regime14 Excluding prospective depreciation and PPA15 Cost to income ratio at ~70% reported at SG level16 Items restated from reported net income for the proposed distribution17 Balance sheet restated in compliance with IFRS17 and IFRS9 for insurance entities18 Interest net of tax19 Based on the 2023 proposed distribution  subject to usual approvals of the General Meeting and the ECB20 Excluding goodwill arising from non-controlling interests21 Interest net of tax22 The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.23 The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.21,0.5,True,English,"['2023 full year results', 'Societe Generale', 'Fourth quarter', 'United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals', 'regulatory requirement Liquidity Coverage Ratio', 'purchase price allocation process', 'quarterly organic client acquisition', 'limited organic RWA growth', 'new NZBA alignment targets', 'The Ocean Cleanup', 'front office reorganisation', 'additional gross savings', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Business portfolio management', 'new relationship model', 'high S1/S2 inventory', 'responsible, long-term relationships', 'net interest income', 'new operating model', 'International Retail Banking', 'stable operating expenses', 'international banking activities', 'NEW STRATEGIC ROADMAP', 'BETTER PERFORMANCE THROUGH', 'French Retail Banking', 'strong proof points', 'Group net income', 'share buyback programme', 'Investor Solutions franchises', 'GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', 'STRATEGIC PLAN EXECUTION', 'Disciplined risk management', 'EUR 220 million reduction', 'liquidity ratios', 'sustainable banks', 'disciplined management', 'income ratio', 'financial targets', 'new partnerships', 'new bank', 'new chapter', 'Global Banking', 'Net cost', 'CET 1 ratio', 'QUARTERLY RESULTS', 'quarterly performance', 'core franchises', 'Advisory activities', 'CET1 ratio', 'high level', 'long-term value', 'strategic ambitions', 'Strong annual', 'French networks', 'Revenue growth', 'financial plan', 'Press release', 'FULL-YEAR RESULTS', '17 basis points', 'Quarterly revenues', 'constant perimeter1', '24 basis points', 'MAIN HIGHLIGHTS', 'negative impact', 'short-term hedges', 'Record annual', '6 million clients', 'Gas exposure', 'cash dividend', 'General Meeting', 'commercial performance', 'Chad subsidiaries', 'Linear improvement', 'operational efficiency', 'Maintain pace', '30 basis points', 'Slawomir Krupa', 'exceptional momentum', 'unprecedented transformations', 'same time', 'sharp decrease', 'last 160 years', 'Societe Generale', 'top-tier, rock-solid', 'unequivocal commitment', 'meticulous execution', 'unwavering commitment', 'precise, regular', 'transparent reports', 'Strong capital', 'Low cost', 'elevated cost', 'transformation charges', 'depth transformation', 'ESG commitments', 'A YEAR', 'YEAR FOCUSED', 'EURm Q4', 'transformation costs', '80% reduction', '340 basis', '31 DECEMBER', 'Paris', '8 February', 'TRANSITION', 'ROTE', 'Deposit', 'Beginning', 'rebound', 'BoursoBank', 'January', 'Determination', 'LeasePlan', 'amount', 'goodwill', 'signature', 'IFC', 'setting', '7 sectors', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'deployment', 'implementation', 'overhaul', 'setup', 'Financing', 'Ayvens', 'finalisation', 'disposals', 'Congo', 'initiatives', 'strength', 'regions', 'capacity', 'France', 'ability', 'risks', 'September', 'history', 'millions', 'way', 'service', 'day', 'projects', 'contribution', 'potential', 'source', 'pride', 'Europe', 'stakeholders', 'confidence', 'improved', 'progress', '2026 objectives', '25', '2024']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35937,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Fourth-quarter-2023-full-year-results-45908903/,Societe Generale: Fourth quarter & 2023 full year results -February 08  2024 at 12:29 am EST,(marketscreener.com) RESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023   Press...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Fourth-quarter-2023-full-year-results-45908903/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20240208,RESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023Press releaseParis  8 February 2024AFTER A YEAR OF TRANSITION AND TRANSFORMATION IN 2023 A YEAR FOCUSED ON THE EXECUTION OF OUR NEW STRATEGIC ROADMAP IN 2024FULL-YEAR RESULTSRevenues of EUR 25.1 billion  down by -7.6% vs. 2022Reported cost-to-income ratio at 73.8%  stable operating expenses (+0.3% vs. 2022) at constant perimeter1  transformation charges of around EUR 730 million in 2023Low cost of risk at 17 basis points  high S1/S2 inventory at ~EUR 3.6 billion at end 2023Group net income of EUR 2.5 billion  up +37% vs. 2022Reported ROTE at 4.2%CET 1 ratio of 13.1%2 at end-2023  around 340 basis points above regulatory requirementLiquidity Coverage Ratio at 160% at end-2023Deposit base up by around +4% vs. 2022QUARTERLY RESULTSQuarterly revenues of EUR 6.0 billion  down by -9.9% vs. Q4 22Reported cost-to-income ratio at 78.3% at Q4 23  operating expenses down by -1.5% vs. Q4 22 at constant perimeter1Low cost of risk of 24 basis points in Q4 23Group net income of EUR 430 million  down -60% vs. Q4 22Reported ROTE at 1.7%MAIN HIGHLIGHTSStrong annual and quarterly performance for Global Banking & Investor Solutions  and International Retail BankingBeginning of the rebound in net interest income for French retail during Q4 23  in a year marked by the negative impact of short-term hedgesRecord annual and quarterly organic client acquisition at BoursoBank  6 million clients reached in January 2024Determination of LeasePlan’s purchase price allocation process leading notably to a EUR 220 million reduction in the amount of goodwillStrengthened ESG commitments  notably through a 80% reduction in upstream Oil & Gas exposure by 2030 vs. 2019  the signature of new partnerships with the IFC and The Ocean Cleanup  and the setting of new NZBA alignment targets on 7 sectorsDISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERSProposed distribution3 of around EUR 1 billion  equivalent to EUR 1.25 per share4  i.e.:a cash dividend of EUR 0.90 per share to be proposed to the General Meetingto be proposed to the General Meeting a share buyback programme  of around EUR 280 million  equivalent to EUR 0.35 per share2024: BETTER PERFORMANCE THROUGH STRATEGIC PLAN EXECUTIONEnhanced commercial performance  notably by the deployment of new relationship model and front office reorganisation in core franchises (implementation of the new operating model in the French networks  overhaul of the setup of Financing and Advisory activities and in-depth transformation of Ayvens)Business portfolio management  notably with the finalisation of previously announced disposals (in addition to Congo and Chad subsidiaries already finalised)Linear improvement of operational efficiency (around EUR 500 million in additional gross savings in 2024  with EUR 750-800 million in transformation costs)Strong capital and liquidity ratios with limited organic RWA growth (<1% vs. 2023)Disciplined risk managementMaintain pace in the deployment of our initiatives and strategic ambitions in ESG2024 FINANCIAL TARGETS5Revenue growth at or above +5% vs. 20236Cost-to-income ratio less than 71% in 2024Net cost of risk between 25 and 30 basis points in 2024ROTE of more than 6% in 2024CET1 ratio of around 13% at end-2024Slawomir Krupa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“2023 was a year of transition and transformation. The exceptional momentum of BoursoBank  the strength of our Global Banking and Investor Solutions franchises  the performance of our international banking activities across all regions  plus the capacity of our new bank in France and Ayvens to implement unprecedented transformations are all strong proof points on our ability to execute at a high level. At the same time  while 2023 was negatively affected by a sharp decrease in net interest income in French Retail Banking and the elevated cost of integrating LeasePlan  it was also characterised by disciplined management of costs  risks and capital.Drawing on our new strategic and financial plan that was presented in September 2023  we are writing a new chapter in the history of the Group  which  for the last 160 years  has assisted millions of clients by way of responsible  long-term relationships. At their service day after day  we support their development and projects  and our contribution to their growth and to unlocking their potential is a source of pride for us.Our ambition is to position Societe Generale among Europe’s top-tier  rock-solid and sustainable banks  and to create long-term value for all our stakeholders  including unequivocal commitment to supporting the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals.We are entering 2024 with confidence and determination  a year that will see the meticulous execution of our strategic plan and an unwavering commitment to reach our financial targets  which will notably involve improved operational efficiency. We will provide precise  regular and transparent reports on our progress toward our announced 2026 objectives.”GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 5 957 6 611 -9.9% -11.2%* 25 104 27 155 -7.6% -8.2%* Operating expenses (4 666) (4 455) +4.7% -0.8%* (18 524) (17 994) +2.9% +0.6%* Gross operating income 1 291 2 156 -40.1% -32.8%* 6 580 9 161 -28.2% -25.8%* Net cost of risk (361) (413) -12.6% -13.4%* (1 025) (1 647) -37.8% -30.8%* Operating income 930 1 743 -46.6% -37.5%* 5 555 7 514 -26.1% -24.8%* Net profits or losses from other assets (21) (4) n/s n/s (113) (3 290) +96.6% +96.6%* Impairment losses on goodwill - - n/s n/s (338) - n/s n/s Income tax (302) (454) -33.4% -33.4%* (1 679) (1 483) +13.2% +15.9%* Net income 613 1 292 -52.6% -40.2%* 3 449 2 756 +25.2% +28.4%* O.w. non-controlling interests 183 222 -17.6% +5.9%* 956 931 +2.7% +7.1%* Reported Group net income 430 1 070 -59.8% -49.7%* 2 493 1 825 +36.6% +39.1%* ROE 1.5% 6.3% 3.1% 2.2% +0.0% +0.0%* ROTE 1.7% 7.1% 4.2% 2.5% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 78.3% 67.4% 73.8% 66.3% +0.0% +0.0%*Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 7 February 2024 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined the Societe Generale Group’s results for Q4 23 and FY 2023.Net banking incomeDespite the continued solid performance by Global Banking and Investor Solutions and International Retail Banking  net banking income recorded a decrease of -9.9% in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22  largely due to the decline in the net interest income in French Retail  Private Banking & Insurance  and to negative impacts in the Corporate Centre (in particular  impacts from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR 30 million and negative changes in the fair value of economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting  amid a sharp decrease in long-term rates in Q4 23).Revenues recorded by French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance decreased by -14.3% vs. Q4 22 owing to the decline in net interest income which continues to be impacted by short-term hedges that were taken before the period of higher interest rates began in 2022. The quarter was nevertheless marked by the beginning of the recovery of net interest income  the peak of the negative impact of these hedges having been reached in Q3 23. Insurance revenues recorded a sharp rise of +42.9% vs. Q4 22 on back of robust commercial activity.Global Banking and Investor Solutions continued to post a solid performance with revenues of EUR 2.2 billion for the quarter  down -11.1% relative to a very strong Q4 22. Global Markets and Investor Services’ revenues decreased by -9.4% vs. Q4 22 owing to the unfavourable base effect on Securities Services business following the revaluation of the participation in Euroclear during Q4 22 (EUR +91 million). Global Markets’ revenues were down slightly (-0.8%) with good commercial momentum in the equity derivatives business and robust activity for fixed-income products. Finance and Advisory recorded strong revenues of EUR 826 million in Q4 23 that were nonetheless down -13.9% compared to the record Q4 22 level. Revenues were resilient in the Asset Finance and Natural Resources finance platforms and solid in the securitisation business. Investment banking revenues underwent a rebound and were notably driven by the primary bond markets. Global Transaction & Payment Services’ revenues were down relative to a strong Q4 22 performance largely due to rising deposit costs in the Cash Management businesses.International Retail Banking revenues rose +1.5% vs. Q4 22. Despite LeasePlan’s contribution for EUR 178 million  Mobility and Leasing Services’ decreased by -10.6%. Revenues were impacted by one-off items notably the negative MtM of LeasePlan’s hedging portfolio (for around EUR -150 million)  normalising Used Car Sales results and the determination of the LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation. In total  International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services’ revenues decreased by -4.5% vs. Q4 22.The Corporate Centre recorded revenues of EUR -196 million in Q4 23 which included around EUR -30 million due to the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations  in addition to a ~EUR -100 million impact linked to negative changes in the fair value of economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting.Over 2023  net banking income decreased by -7.6% vs. 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 4 666 million  up +4.7% vs. Q4 22  but were down -1.5% at constant perimeter.They include EUR 278 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities and EUR 102 million in transformation charges  notably borne by Ayvens and Global Banking and Investor Solutions.Over 2023  operating expenses totalled EUR 18 524 million  up by a moderate +2.9% vs. 2022. They include EUR 617 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities and EUR 730 million in transformation costs. At constant perimeter  they rose by a very minor +0.3% despite the inflationary context.Cost of riskThe cost of risk for Q4 23 was low at 24 basis points  i.e.  EUR 361 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans of EUR 364 million and a slight reversal on performing loans for EUR -3 million.Over 2023  the cost of risk came to 17 basis points.At end-December 2023  the Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 572 million  down EUR -197 million relative to 31 December 2022  notably linked to the strong decrease of the Russian offshore portfolio (see below).The gross coverage ratio stood at 2.9%7 at 31 December 2023. The net coverage ratio on the Group’s doubtful loans stood at around 80%8 at 31 December 2023 (after taking into account guarantees and collateral).At 31 December 2023  the Group sharply reduced its offshore exposure to Russia to around EUR 0.9 billion of EAD (Exposure at Default) compared with EUR 1.8 billion at 31 December 2022 (-50%). The maximum risk exposure on this portfolio is estimated at around EUR 0.3 billion before provision. Total provisions stood at EUR 0.2 billion at end-2023. The onshore residual exposure is marginal at around EUR 15 million and relates to the integration during the year of LeasePlan activities in Russia.Group net incomeGroup net income stood at EUR 430 million in Q4 23  i.e. Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE) of 1.7%.Group net income for 2023 came to EUR 2.5 billion  i.e.  ROTE of 4.2%.Shareholder distributionThe Board of Directors approved the distribution policy for 2023 fiscal year aiming at distributing EUR 1.25 per share9  equivalent to a total amount of around EUR 1 billion of which around EUR 280 million in share buy-backs. A cash dividend of EUR 0.90 per share will be proposed at the General Meeting of Shareholders on 22 May 2024. The dividend will be detached on 27 May 2024 and paid out on 29 May 2024.ESGSociete Generale set two new alignment targets this quarter as part of its Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) commitments  thereby taking to nine the sectors covered by alignment targets out of the 12 sectors recommended by the alliance:New target for the aluminium sector: reduce carbon emission intensity by -25% by 2030 relative to 2022 10   i.e.  6t CO2e/t in 2030 vs. 8t CO2e/t in 2022  i.e.  6t CO2e/t in 2030 vs. 8t CO2e/t in 2022 New target for the maritime transport sector11: reduce carbon emission intensity by -43% by 2030 relative to 2022The three remaining sectors (aviation  agriculture and residential real estate financing) will be covered by the end of the first half of 2024.Beyond the 7 new NZBA alignment targets published since beginning 2023  Societe Generale accelerated its decarbonisation of the oil and gas sector by setting ambitious financing and absolute emissions targets.The methodologies and resources implemented to reach these targets are detailed in a transparent and global transition report that was published in December 2023: Climate and Alignment Report – December 2023 (societegenerale.com) .At 31 December 2023  the Group had already reached EUR 250 billion of contribution to sustainable finance  ahead of the target of EUR 300 billion between end-2021 and end-2025.In conjunction with the initiatives announced at the Capital Markets Day event  two new partnerships were recently signed with:The Ocean Cleanup in December 2023 to financially contribute to the international non-profit in developing technologies to clean up plastic pollution in oceans and stemming the inflow from rivers.The International Finance Corporation (IFC)  a member of the World Bank Group  with a Collaboration Framework Agreement to develop sustainable financing for developing countries and thereby contribute to the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).Finally  the appointment of Subra Suresh as Chairman of the Group’s new Scientific Advisory Council is effective from 1 February 2024.2. THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 66.0 billion at 31 December 2023 (vs. EUR 67.0 billion at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 71.5 and tangible net asset value per share stood at EUR 62.7.The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 554 billion at 31 December 2023 vs. EUR 1 485 billion at 31 December 2022. The total funded balance sheet (see Methodology note 9) stood at EUR 970 billion vs. EUR 930 billion at 31 December 2022. The net amount of customer loan outstandings totalled EUR 497 billion  compared with EUR 516 billion at 31 December 2022. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 618 billion  up by around +4% vs. 31 December 2022.At 31 December 2023  the parent company had issued a total of EUR 52.6 billion in medium/long-term debt. The subsidiaries had issued EUR 5.4 billion. In all  the Group has issued a total of EUR 58.0 billion in medium/long-term debt.The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was well above regulatory requirements at 160% at end-December 2023 (an average of 155% for the quarter)  vs. 141% at end-December 2022. At the same time  the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 119% at end-December 2023 vs. 114% at end-December 2022.The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) totalled EUR 388.8 billion at 31 December 2023 vs. EUR 362.4 billion at end-December 2022 according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. RWAs in respect of credit risk account for 83.9% of the total  i.e.  EUR 326.2 billion  up by 7.8% vs. 31 December 2022.At 31 December 2023  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.1%  or around 340 basis points above the regulatory requirement of 9.77%12 at 31 December 2023. The Group’s ratio CET 1 ratio at 31 December 2023 includes a +6 basis-point impact from the phasing of IFRS 9. Excluding this impact  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.1%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 15.6% at end-December 2023 (16.3% at end-December 2022)  while the total capital ratio amounted to 18.2% (19.4% at end-December 2022)  which is above the respective regulatory requirements of 11.67%1 and 14.21%1.The leverage ratio stood at 4.3% at 31 December 2023 (4.4% at end-December 2022)  above the regulatory requirement of 3.5%1.With an RWA level of 31.9% and leverage exposure of 8.7% at end-December 2023  the Group’s TLAC ratio is significantly above the respective Financial Stability Board requirements for 2023 of 22.1%1 and 6.75%1. Likewise  MREL-eligible outstandings  which stood at 33.7% of RWA and 9.2% of leverage exposure at end-December 2023  are also far above the respective regulatory requirements of 25.72%1 and 5.91%1.The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) FitchRatings - long-term rating “A-”  positive outlook  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short-term rating “A-1”.3. FRENCH RETAIL  PRIVATE BANKING & INSURANCEIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 1 953 2 279 -14.3% 8 023 9 210 -12.9% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 1 950 2 234 -12.7% 8 019 9 018 -11.1% Operating expenses (1 672) (1 806) -7.4% (6 708) (6 896) -2.7% Gross operating income 281 473 -40.6% 1 315 2 314 -43.2% Net cost of risk (163) (219) -25.6% (505) (483) +4.6% Operating income 118 254 -53.5% 810 1 831 -55.8% Net profits or losses from other assets 7 51 -86.3% 10 57 -82.5% Reported Group net income 92 229 -59.8% 610 1 406 -56.6% RONE 2.4% 5.8% 3.9% 9.0% Cost to income 85.6% 79.2% 83.6% 74.9%SG Network  Private Banking and InsuranceAverage loans outstanding decreased by -1% vs. Q3 23 (-5% vs. Q4 22) to EUR 201 billion amid a higher interest rate environment compared with 2022. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional clients excluding government-guaranteed PGE loans rose by +1% vs. Q4 22. Home loan outstandings contracted by -2% vs. Q4 22 in line with the Group’s selective lending policy implemented in 2022 against the backdrop of negative margins. It is worth noting that the origination business has resumed with improved positive margins.Average outstanding balance sheet deposits  which include corporate and professional clients of the SG Network at Private Banking and Insurance  were -1.8% lower vs. Q3 23 at EUR 234 billion  with a continued shift from sight deposits to interest-bearing deposits. They contracted by -6% relative to Q4 22 due mainly to the anticipated decrease at the start of the year of corporate deposits amid rising interest rates.As a result  the average loan/deposit ratio came to 86% in Q4 23.Private Banking activities  which cover Private Banking activities in and outside of France  posted record level of assets under management of EUR 143 billion in Q4 23. In 2023  Private Banking’s net asset gathering pace (net new money divided by AuM) rose by an average of +4% vs. 2022. Net banking income for the quarter stood at EUR 355 million  an increase of +1.4% vs. Q4 22  and at EUR 1 470 million for 2023  up by +3.9% vs. 2022.Insurance  which includes activities in and outside of France  has been consolidated in the French Retail  Private Banking & Insurance core business since the second half of 2023.Life insurance outstandings stood at EUR 136 billion at end-December 2023. The unit-linked share of 38% remains at a high level and rose by +3 percentage points vs. December 2022. Gross life insurance savings inflows amounted to EUR 3.5 billion in Q4 23  up by +20% vs. Q4 22.Protection insurance premiums rose by +4% vs. Q4 22  with good commercial momentum in property and casualty premiums (+6% vs. Q4 22) that was notably driven by the performance in France.BoursoBankBoursoBank posted a record quarter in terms of onboarding with more than 566 000 new clients vs. Q4 22  while reducing its acquisition costs per client. The number of clients at the leading online bank in France reached 5.9 million at the end of December 2023 on back of very strong organic growth over the year (+1.2 million clients vs. 2022  up +26% vs. 2022).At end-2023  the penetration rate for the French market (i.e.  the number of clients at BoursoBank divided by the French population) stood at around 8.8%  up by +1.8 percentage point vs. 2022. More specifically  around one French person out of ten and one adult French person under 30 years old out of five is a BoursoBank client.At the same time  service costs are declining (-10% vs. 2022  -27% vs. 2021). By leveraging its efficient model  the cost base remains structurally low. This is illustrated by the limited rise in BoursoBank’s headcount  which number of full-time employees (FTEs) is around 940 in 2023.As a result of a highly selective origination policy on home loans amid a very unfavourable interest-rate environment since mid-2022  average loan outstandings dipped by -4.7% vs. 2022 to EUR 14.8 billion.Average outstanding savings  including deposits and financial savings  registered a sharp rise to EUR 55.6 billion at end 2023  up +13.6% vs. 2022. Deposits increased by +17.3% vs. Q4 22  i.e.  at a much faster rate than the market trends. Life insurance outstandings increased by +2.4% vs. Q4 22 to EUR 11.5 billion  with the unit-linked share accounting for 44.2%  a +2.7 percentage-point rise vs. 2022.Net banking incomeIn Q4 23  revenues totalled EUR 1 953 million  down -14.3% vs. Q4 22  (-12.7% excluding PEL/CEL). Net interest income excluding PEL/CEL was down -26% vs. Q4 22  mainly due to the negative impact from short-term hedges taken before the rise in interest rates. Fee income decreased by -2.7% relative to Q4 22.Over the year  revenues totalled EUR 8 023 million  down -12.9% vs. 2022 (-11.1% restated for the PEL/CEL provision). Net interest income excluding PEL/CEL decreased by -22% vs. 2022 and fee income was stable.Based on latest budget assumptions  the net interest income forecast for French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance for 2024 is expected to be greater than or equal to that of 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 1 672 million  down -7.4% vs. Q4 22. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 85.6% in Q4 23.Over the year  operating expenses decreased by -2.7% vs. 2022 to EUR 6 708 million. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 83.6%.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk amounted to EUR 163 million or 27 basis points  which was lower than in Q4 22 (35 basis points).Over the year  the cost of risk totalled EUR 505 million or 20 basis points  which is stable on the 2022 level.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 92 million  down -60% vs. Q4 22. RONE stood at 2.4% in Q4 23.Over 2023  Group net income came to EUR 610 million  down -57% vs. 2022. RONE stood at 3.9 % in 2023.GLOBAL BANKING AND INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EUR m Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 2 185 2 459 -11.1% -9.8%* 9 640 10 108 -4.6% -3.4%* Operating expenses (1 599) (1 551) +3.1% +5.0%* (6 787) (6 832) -0.7% +0.5%* Gross operating income 586 908 -35.5% -34.8%* 2 853 3 276 -12.9% -11.6%* Net cost of risk (39) (78) -50.0% -47.7%* (30) (421) -92.9% -92.8%* Operating income 547 830 -34.1% -33.6%* 2 823 2 855 -1.1% +0.4%* Reported Group net income 467 695 -32.8% -32.3%* 2 280 2 293 -0.6% +1.0%* RONE 12.3% 16.2% +0.0% +0.0%* 14.8% 14.2% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 73.2% 63.1% +0.0% +0.0%* 70.4% 67.6% +0.0% +0.0%*Net banking incomeGlobal Banking and Investor Solutions delivered a solid performance in the fourth quarter  posting revenues of EUR 2 185 million  down -11.1% with respect to a strong Q4 22.Over 2023  revenues remained high  recording a slight decrease of -4.6% vs. a record 2022 (EUR 9 640 million in 2023 vs. EUR 10 108 million in 2022)  notably owing to less conducive market conditions than in 2022  particularly for the fixed-income business.Global Markets & Investor Services recorded durably strong revenues of EUR 1 359 million in Q4 23  albeit -9.4% down on a high Q4 22 owing to an unfavourable base effect following the EUR 91 million revaluation in 2022 of the participation in Euroclear. Over 2023  revenues totalled EUR 6 299 million  i.e.  a -6.3% decrease vs. 2022.Global Markets turned in a mostly stable performance in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22 amid a normalising market environment  posting revenues of EUR 1 215 million  slightly down (-0.8%) vs. Q4 22  which was a record fourth quarter(13). In 2023  revenues were slightly down by -4.6% vs. 2022 to EUR 5 598 million  which is very good performance despite a less conducive market context.The Equities business performed very well  posting near record fourth quarter revenues of EUR 765 million in Q4 23  up by +18.2% vs. Q4 22. The business was driven by favourable market conditions in the equities markets and by strong demand for derivatives. Over the year  revenues were slightly down by-3.2% to EUR 3 196 million relative to robust business activity in 2022.Fixed Income and Currencies recorded solid revenues of EUR 450 million  notably owing to solid commercial momentum in the investment solutions business. They were nonetheless down -22.1% vs. Q4 22  which ranks among the best performing quarters for this business. Over 2023  revenues decreased by -6.5% vs. 2022 to EUR 2 402 million.Securities Services’ revenues decreased by -47.6% over the quarter to EUR 144 million owing to a positive one-off impact in Q4 22 of EUR 91 million following a revaluation of the participation in Euroclear. Over 2023  revenues contracted by -17.5% vs. 2022 and were stable (-0.7%) excluding the impact of the valuation of various equity participations. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration amounted to EUR 4 931 billion and EUR 579 billion  respectively.The Financing and Advisory business posted revenues of EUR 826 million  down -13.9% vs. Q4 22. In 2023  revenues contracted by a moderate -1.4% to EUR 3 341 million vs. 2022  which was a record year.The Global Banking and Advisory business registered solid revenues  albeit posting a -14.0% decrease compared to the record quarter of Q4 22. The business notably benefited from sustained commercial performance in the Asset Finance and Natural Resources platforms. Strong momentum in Asset-Backed Products in Q4 23 and Investment Banking confirmed its rebound. Over 2023  durably high revenues decreased by -6.8% vs. 2022  which was a record year.While robust  Global Transaction & Payment Services’ revenues were down relative to 2022. Revenues decreased by -13.5% vs. Q4 22 owing to the less favourable interest-rate environment and to increased remuneration on deposits. Nonetheless  2023 was a record year  with revenues up by a sharp +19.3% vs. 2022.Operating expensesOperating expenses came to EUR 1 599 million in Q4 23 and included EUR 64 million in transformation costs. Operating expenses were up by a slight +3.1% vs. Q4 22  reflecting the tight rein on costs despite an inflationary backdrop. Accordingly  the cost-to-income ratio came to 73.2% in Q4 23.Over 2023  operating expenses decreased by a slight -0.7% vs. 2022. They include EUR 167 million in transformation charges. The cost-to-income ratio for the year consequently came to 70.4%. Excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF)  the ratio was 65.4%.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk remained at a very low 9 basis points (or EUR 39 million) vs. 16 basis points in Q4 22.Over 2023  the cost of risk stood at 2 basis points vs. 23 basis points in 2022.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 467 million. It was EUR 2 280 million in 2023  down slightly by-0.6% vs. 2022.For the quarter  Global Banking and Investor Solutions reported RONE of 12.3%. Over 2023  reported RONE came to 14.8% and to 17.2% excluding the contribution to the SRF.INTERNATIONAL RETAIL  MOBILITY AND LEASING SERVICESIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 2 015 2 111 -4.5% -10.1%* 8 507 8 139 +4.5% +1.1%* Operating expenses (1 286) (1 017) +26.5% +0.4%* (4 765) (3 957) +20.4% +8.1%* Gross operating income 729 1 094 -33.4% -19.8%* 3 742 4 182 -10.5% -5.5%* Net cost of risk (137) (133) +3.0% -2.6%* (486) (705) -31.1% -8.8%* Operating income 592 961 -38.4% -22.3%* 3 256 3 477 -6.4% -5.1%* Net profits or losses from other assets (11) (1) n/s n/s (11) 11 n/s n/s Reported Group net income 281 526 -46.6% -33.9%* 1 606 1 921 -16.4% -16.9%* RONE 10.9% 22.8% 16.5% 19.9% Cost to income 63.8% 48.2% 56.0% 48.6%International Retail Banking posted a good commercial performance in 2023  recording loan outstandings of EUR 67.3 billion and deposits of EUR 80.4 billion  up by a respective +4.6% and +5.2% relative to 2022.In Europe  outstanding loans continued their uptrend and totalled EUR 41.9 billion at end-2023  which was a + 5.1% increase on 2022. Outstanding loans in the Czech Republic grew by +3.4% vs. 2022  while in Romania they rose by +12.3% vs. 2022. Outstanding deposits totalled EUR 53.3 billion at end-2023  up by +7.5% vs. 2022.Outstandings in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories also grew  with loans of EUR 25.4 billion and deposits of EUR 27.1 billion in 2023  i.e.  respective increases of +3.7% and +0.8% vs. 2022. The region benefited from particularly robust commercial performances in sub-Saharan Africa  which posted loan outstandings growth of +6.8% vs. 2022  and in the Mediterranean Basin which saw deposits increase by +4.5% vs. 2022.Mobility and Leasing Services registered solid growth in earning assets that was driven by the increase in car values. In Q4 23  earning assets grew by +14.2% to EUR 52.0 billion at end-December 2023 vs. EUR 45.5 billion at end-December 2022.Consumer Finance entities recorded a good performance at end-2023  with loan outstandings of EUR 24.1 billion (+0.7% vs. 2022) and deposit outstandings of EUR 2.3 billion (+17.5% vs. 2022). Equipment Finance business rode high on robust production levels during the entire year to post outstandings of EUR 15.4 billion at end-2023  up +2.8% vs. 2022.Net banking incomeIn Q4 23  the International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services core business posted revenues of EUR 2 015 million  down -4.5% vs. Q4 22. Revenues were notably impacted by a contraction in Ayvens despite the contribution from LeasePlan as a result of the normalisation of Used Car Sales (UCS) results  downward pressure on margins and other exceptional items  notably the negative marked-to-market value of the hedging portfolio (for around EUR -150 million).Over 2023  revenues were up +4.5% vs. 2022 to EUR 8 507 million  including ~EUR 680 million from the integration of LeasePlan.International Retail Banking’s net banking income stood at EUR 1 067 million for the quarter  up by +1.5% vs. Q4 22. Over 2023  revenues stabilised relative to 2022 at EUR 4 191 million.Revenues in Europe remained high in 2023 at EUR 2 037 million and were stable vs. 2022. Romania turned in a good financial performance in 2023 and posted a +12.4% increase in net banking income vs. 2022. The Czech Republic recorded a lower net interest margin compared with a particularly robust 2022 amid high interest rates.Revenues in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories rose sharply over the year by +10.1% vs. 2022 and were driven by robust growth in net interest income across all regions (an average of +14.1% vs. 2022).Mobility and Leasing Services’ revenues decreased by -10.6% over the quarter vs. Q4 22 to EUR 948 million in Q4 23  but were up by +9.3% over the year vs. 2022.Ayvens posted net banking income down by -17% in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22  and up by +16% in 2023 relative to 2022. The fourth quarter was marked by downward pressure on margins resulting from the interest-rate and inflationary environment. The Used Car Sales (UCS) market began to progressively normalise in 2023  which prompted a gradual decrease in UCS results. In Q4 23  Ayvens registered an average UCS results of EUR 1 453 per unit vs. EUR 3 054 in Q4 22 at ALD (including the impact of the reduction in depreciation costs  the average UCS result per unit stands at EUR 444 per car vs. EUR 1 919 in Q4 22) and a continued decrease in prospective depreciation  with a ~EUR -130 million impact vs. Q4 22.At the same time  Ayvens recorded one-off items  notably the negative marked-to-market value of its hedging portfolio on leasing contracts for around EUR -150 million in Q4 23.Over the year  the average UCS results (excluding the reduction of depreciation costs) came to EUR 2 344 per unit  which remains high  relative to a record year in 2022  at EUR 3 269 per unit.2024 will be a pivotal year for Ayvens that will include decisive steps in the LeasePlan integration and synergies of around EUR 120 million that will materialise as of this year (o/w EUR 38 million already secured)  ahead of EUR 350 million in 2025  followed by approximately EUR 440 million in 2026. The amount of associated restructuring costs for 2024 is confirmed at around EUR 190 million  with a remaining amount of around EUR 40 million in 2025.Regarding the business  Ayvens anticipates a gradual improvement in margins in the future and an acceleration in the normalisation of the UCS market. It has set the following targets for 2024:Annual growth in earning assets of +7% to +9% vs. 2023Average UCS result of EUR 1 100 to EUR 1 600 per unit 14Cost-to-income ratio of 65% to 67% excluding UCS results non-recurring items and PPA15In Q4 23  net banking income for consumer credit businesses showed resilience  posting a slight decrease of -2.2% vs. Q4 22. The Consumer Finance and Equipment Finance businesses turned in a good financial performance  posting revenue increases of +15.2% vs. Q4 22 and of +6.0% vs. 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 1 286 million  by +26.5% vs. Q4 22 (stable at constant perimeter and exchange rates). They were impacted by LeasePlan costs of ~EUR 280 million and by transformation costs associated with the integration of around EUR 56 million. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 63.8% in Q4 23.Over 2023  operating expenses totalled EUR 4 765 million  up by +20.4% vs. 2022 (+8.1% at constant perimeter and exchange rates). These included ~EUR 615 million from LeasePlan and ~EUR 250 million in transformation costs.International Retail’s operating expenses were stable over the year at EUR 2 374 million. Operating expenses rose by +2.6% to EUR 593 million in Q4 23 and remained contained amid an inflationary context.Operating expenses for Mobility and Leasing Services totalled EUR 2 391 million  up by +50.5% over the year (+8.1% vs. 2022 at constant perimeter and exchange rates)  including LeasePlan costs and transformation costs associated with its integration.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk fell to 33 basis points (or EUR 137 million) vs. 40 basis points in Q4 22.Over 2023  the cost of risk stood at 32 basis points vs. 52 basis points in 2022.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 281 million  down -46.6% vs. Q4 22. RONE stood at 10.9% in Q4 23. RONE was 18.2% in International Retail Banking  and 5.9% in Mobility and Leasing Services in Q4 23.Over 2023  Group net income came to EUR 1 606 million  down -16.4% vs. 2022  while RONE stood at 16.5%. RONE was 17.5% in International Retail Banking  and 15.9% in Mobility and Leasing Services in 2023.CORPORATE CENTREIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Net banking income (196) (238) (1 066) (302) Operating expenses (109) (81) (264) (309) Gross operating income (305) (319) (1 330) (611) Net cost of risk (22) 17 (4) (38) Net profits or losses from other assets (16) (60) (112) (3 364) Impairment losses on goodwill - - (338) - Income tax (46) (9) (126) 382 Reported Group net income (410) (380) (2 003) (3 795)The Corporate Centre includes:the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects  as well as several costs incurred by the Group that are not re-invoiced to the businesses.Net banking incomeThe Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -196 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -238 million in Q4 22. It notably included the negative impact from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR -30 million at Q4 23 and the impact of the decrease in long-term rates on hedges not eligible for hedge accounting (around EUR -100 million).Over the year  the Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -1 066 million vs. EUR -302 million in 2022. It notably includes the negative impact of replacement swaps for around EUR -310 million  the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR -330 million and the negative impact of the year of one-off items for around EUR -200 million.Operating expensesOperating expenses totalled EUR -109 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -81 million in Q4 22.Over the year  operating expenses totalled EUR -264 million vs. EUR -309 million in 2022.Income taxIn Q4 23 the Group accounted for a provision for deferred tax assets of around EUR 100 million.Group net incomeThe Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -410 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -380 million in Q4 22.Over the year  the Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -2 003 million vs. EUR -3 795 million in 2022.7. 2024 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2024 Financial communication calendarMay 3  2024 First quarter 2024 resultsMay 22  2024 2023 General MeetingMay 27  2024 Dividend detachmentMay 29  2024 Dividend paymentAugust 1  2024 Second quarter and first half 2024 resultsOctober 31  2024 Third quarter and 9 month 2024 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en) .Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Variation 2023 2022 Variation French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 92 229 -59.8% 610 1 406 -56.6% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 467 695 -32.8% 2 280 2 293 -0.6% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 281 526 -46.6% 1 606 1 921 -16.4% Core Businesses 840 1 450 -42.1% 4 496 5 620 -20.0% Corporate Centre (410) (380) -7.9% (2 003) (3 795) +47.2% Group 430 1 070 -59.8% 2 493 1 825 +36.6%MAIN EXCEPTIONAL ITEMSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Net Banking Income - Total exceptional items 41 0 (199) 0 One-off legacy items - Corporate Centre 41 0 (199) 0 Operating expenses - Total one-off items and transformation charges (102) (221) (765) (767) Transformation charges (102) (221) (730) (767) Of which French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 18 (84) (312) (414) Of which Global Banking & Investor Solutions (64) (82) (167) (198) Of which International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services (56) (55) (251) (155) One-off items 0 0 (35) 0 Of which French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 0 0 60 0 Of which Global Banking & Investor Solutions 0 0 (95) 0 Other one-off items - Total (116) (60) (820) (3 364) Net profits or losses from other assets (16) (60) (112) (3 364) Goodwill impairment - Corporate Centre(1) 0 0 (338) 0 Provision of Deferred Tax Assets - Corporate Centre(1) (100) 0 (370) 016CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETIn EUR m 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 R17 Cash  due from central banks 223 048 207 013 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 495 882 427 151 Hedging derivatives 10 585 32 971 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 90 894 92 960 Securities at amortised cost 28 147 26 143 Due from banks at amortised cost 77 879 68 171 Customer loans at amortised cost 485 449 506 635 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (433) (2 262) Insurance and reinsurance contracts assets 459 353 Tax assets 4 717 4 484 Other assets 69 765 82 315 Non-current assets held for sale 1 763 1 081 Investments accounted for using the equity method 227 146 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 60 714 33 958 Goodwill 4 949 3 781 Total 1 554 045 1 484 900In EUR m 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 R Due to central banks 9 718 8 361 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 375 584 304 175 Hedging derivatives 18 708 46 164 Debt securities issued 160 506 133 176 Due to banks 117 847 133 011 Customer deposits 541 677 530 764 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedgedagainst interest rate risk (5 857) (9 659) Tax liabilities 2 402 1 645 Other liabilities 93 658 107 315 Non-current liabilities held for sale 1 703 220 Insurance contracts related liabilities 141 723 135 875 Provisions 4 235 4 579 Subordinated debts 15 894 15 948 Total liabilities 1 477 798 1 411 574 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 186 21 248 Other equity instruments 8 924 9 136 Retained earnings 32 891 33 816 Net income 2 493 1 825 Sub-total 65 494 66 025 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses 481 945 Sub-total equity  Group share 65 975 66 970 Non-controlling interests 10 272 6 356 Total equity 76 247 73 326 Total 1 554 045 1 484 900APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 –The financial information presented for the fourth quarter and the year 2023 was examined by the Board of Directors on February 7th  2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. The review procedures on the consolidated annual financial statements  2023 carried by the Statutory Auditors are currently underway.2 - Net banking incomeThe pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity.3 - Operating expensesOperating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in notes 5 and 8.2 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31st  2022. The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.4 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandingsThe cost of risk is defined on pages 42 and 691 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases.In EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 French Retail  Private Banking and InsuranceNet Cost Of Risk 163 219 505 483 Gross loan Outstandings 240 533 250 175 246 701 246 249 Cost of Risk in bp 27 35 20 20 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 39 78 30 421 Gross loan Outstandings 168 799 190 079 169 823 182 110 Cost of Risk in bp 9 16 2 23 International Banking  Mobility and Leasing SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 137 133 486 705 Gross loan Outstandings 164 965 133 756 150 161 135 743 Cost of Risk in bp 33 40 32 52 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk 22 (17) 4 38 Gross loan Outstandings 23 075 16 363 20 291 15 411 Cost of Risk in bp 40 (41) 2 25 Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 361 413 1 025 1 647 Gross loan Outstandings 597 371 590 373 586 977 579 513 Cost of Risk in bp 24 28 17 28The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”).5 - ROE  ROTE  RONEThe notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodologyEnd of period (in EURm) Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Shareholders' equity Group share 65 975 66 970 65 975 66 970 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (9 095) (10 017) (9 095) (10 017) Interest payable to holders of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (21) (24) (21) (24) OCI excluding conversion reserves 636 780 636 780 Distribution provision(2) (995) (1 803) (995) (1 803) ROE equity end-of-period 56 500 55 906 56 500 55 906 Average ROE equity 56 607 55 953 56 396 55 282 Average Goodwill(3) (4 068) (3 660) (4 011) (3 650) Average Intangible Assets (3 188) (2 828) (3 143) (2 751) Average ROTE equity 49 351 49 465 49 242 48 881 Group net Income 430 1 070 2 493 1 825 Interest paid and payable to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation (215) (192) (759) (596) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - - 338 3 Ajusted Group net Income 215 878 2 073 1 233 ROTE 1.7% 7.1% 4.2% 2.5%181920Average normative capital allocated to core businessesIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change French Retail   Private Banking and Insurance 15 439 15 867 -2.7% 15 449 15 592 -0.9% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 15 247 17 115 -10.9% 15 426 16 176 -4.6% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 10 313 9 242 +11.6% 9 707 9 670 +0.4% Core Businesses 40 999 42 224 -2.9% 40 582 41 438 -2.1% Corporate Center 15 608 13 729 +12.9% 15 814 13 844 +14.0% Group 56 607 55 953 +1.0% 56 396 55 282 +2.0%6 - Net assets and tangible net assetsNet assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 45 of the Group’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below:End of period (in EURm) 2023 2022 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 65 975 66 970 65 067 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (9 095) (10 017) (8 003) Interest of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (21) (24) 20 Book value of own shares in trading portfolio 36 67 37 Net Asset Value 56 895 56 996 57 121 Goodwill (4 008) (3 652) (3 624) Intangible Assets (2 954) (2 875) (2 733) Net Tangible Asset Value 49 933 50 469 50 764 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS(2) 796 244 801 147 831 162 Net Asset Value per Share 71.5 71.1 68.7 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 62.7 63.0 61.121227 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS)The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE.The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table:Average number of shares (thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Existing shares 818 008 845 478 853 371 Deductions Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 802 6 252 3 861 Other own shares and treasury shares 11 891 16 788 3 249 Number of shares used to calculate EPS(1) 799 315 822 437 846 261 Group net Income (in EUR m) 2 493 1 825 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (in EUR m) (759) (596) (590) Adjusted Group net income (in EUR m) 1 735 1 230 5 051 EPS (in EUR) 2.17 1.50 5.97238 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios.249 – Funded balance sheet  loan to deposit ratioThe funded balance sheet is based on the Group financial statements. It is obtained in two steps:A first step aiming at reclassifying the items of the financial statements into aggregates allowing for a more economic reading of the balance sheet. Main reclassifications:Insurance: grouping of the accounting items related to insurance within a single aggregate in both assets and liabilities.Customer loans: include outstanding loans with customers (net of provisions and write-downs  including net lease financing outstanding and transactions at fair value through profit and loss); excludes financial assets reclassified under loans and receivables in accordance with the conditions stipulated by IFRS 9 (these positions have been reclassified in their original lines).Wholesale funding:Includes interbank liabilities and debt securities issued.Financing transactions have been allocated to medium/long-term resources and short-term resources based on the maturity of outstanding  more or less than one year.Reclassification under customer deposits of the share of issues placed by French Retail Banking networks (recorded in medium/long-term financing)  and certain transactions carried out with counterparties equivalent to customer deposits (previously included in short term financing).Deduction from customer deposits and reintegration into short-term financing of certain transactions equivalent to market resources.A second step aiming at excluding the contribution of insurance subsidiaries  and netting derivatives  repurchase agreements  securities borrowing/lending  accruals and “due to central banks”.The Group loan/deposit ratio is determined as the division of the customer loans by customer deposits as presented in the funded balance sheet.NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules.(2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section.Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with 117 000 employees serving 25 million clients in more than 60 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for nearly 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail Banking   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank Boursorama.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank Boursorama. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  and ALD / LeasePlan  a global player in sustainable mobility.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.1 After restatement of operating expenses of Russia in 2022 (EUR 145m) and those of LeasePlan (EUR 617m in 2023 and ~EUR 280m in Q4 23)2 Phased-in ratio3 Consistent with distribution policy disclosed during Capital Markets Day applicable from 20234 Based on the number of shares in circulation at 31 December 2023  subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECB5 Based on macro-economic assumptions detailed on slide 37 of the Group’s fourth quarter and full year resultsNB: 2022 data in this document are restated in compliance with IFRS17 and IFRS9 for insurance entities6 Average annual revenue growth between 0% and 2% over 2022-2026Asterisks* in the document refer to data at constant perimeter and exchange rate7 Ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 20198 Ratio of S3 provisions and guarantees/collateral to gross book value of NPL9 Based on the number of shares in circulation at 31 December 2023  subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECB10 In line with the IAI/MPP 1.5°C scenario11 Based on a Poseidon Principles alignment score of 15% in 2030 relative to the IMO’s “Striving For” scenario. Excluding cruise ships at the present time  until the carbon intensity indicator is modified to take into account its specific features12 From 2 January 2024  the new regulatory requirements will be as follows: 10.22% for the CET 1 ratio  12.14% for the Tier 1 ratio  14.71 % for the total solvency ratio  3.6% for the leverage ratio  27.24% and 6.08% respectively for the MREL RWA and leverage exposure ratios  22.29% and 6.75 %  respectively  for the TLAC RWA and leverage exposure ratios13 At comparable business model in the post Global Financial Crisis (GFC) regulatory regime14 Excluding prospective depreciation and PPA15 Cost to income ratio at ~70% reported at SG level16 Items restated from reported net income for the proposed distribution17 Balance sheet restated in compliance with IFRS17 and IFRS9 for insurance entities18 Interest net of tax19 Based on the 2023 proposed distribution  subject to usual approvals of the General Meeting and the ECB20 Excluding goodwill arising from non-controlling interests21 Interest net of tax22 The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.23 The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.21,0.5,True,English,"['2023 full year results', 'Societe Generale', 'Fourth quarter', 'February', 'United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals', 'regulatory requirement Liquidity Coverage Ratio', 'purchase price allocation process', 'quarterly organic client acquisition', 'limited organic RWA growth', 'new NZBA alignment targets', 'The Ocean Cleanup', 'front office reorganisation', 'additional gross savings', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Business portfolio management', 'new relationship model', 'high S1/S2 inventory', 'responsible, long-term relationships', 'net interest income', 'new operating model', 'International Retail Banking', 'stable operating expenses', 'international banking activities', 'NEW STRATEGIC ROADMAP', 'BETTER PERFORMANCE THROUGH', 'French Retail Banking', 'strong proof points', 'Group net income', 'share buyback programme', 'Investor Solutions franchises', 'GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', 'STRATEGIC PLAN EXECUTION', 'Disciplined risk management', 'EUR 220 million reduction', 'liquidity ratios', 'sustainable banks', 'disciplined management', 'income ratio', 'financial targets', 'new partnerships', 'new bank', 'new chapter', 'Global Banking', 'Net cost', 'CET 1 ratio', 'QUARTERLY RESULTS', 'quarterly performance', 'core franchises', 'Advisory activities', 'CET1 ratio', 'high level', 'long-term value', 'strategic ambitions', 'Strong annual', 'French networks', 'Revenue growth', 'financial plan', 'Press release', 'FULL-YEAR RESULTS', '17 basis points', 'Quarterly revenues', 'constant perimeter1', '24 basis points', 'MAIN HIGHLIGHTS', 'negative impact', 'short-term hedges', 'Record annual', '6 million clients', 'Gas exposure', 'cash dividend', 'General Meeting', 'commercial performance', 'Chad subsidiaries', 'Linear improvement', 'operational efficiency', 'Maintain pace', '30 basis points', 'Slawomir Krupa', 'exceptional momentum', 'unprecedented transformations', 'same time', 'sharp decrease', 'last 160 years', 'Societe Generale', 'top-tier, rock-solid', 'unequivocal commitment', 'meticulous execution', 'unwavering commitment', 'precise, regular', 'transparent reports', 'Strong capital', 'Low cost', 'elevated cost', 'transformation charges', 'depth transformation', 'ESG commitments', 'A YEAR', 'YEAR FOCUSED', 'EURm Q4', 'transformation costs', '80% reduction', '340 basis', '31 DECEMBER', 'Paris', '8 February', 'TRANSITION', 'ROTE', 'Deposit', 'Beginning', 'rebound', 'BoursoBank', 'January', 'Determination', 'LeasePlan', 'amount', 'goodwill', 'signature', 'IFC', 'setting', '7 sectors', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'deployment', 'implementation', 'overhaul', 'setup', 'Financing', 'Ayvens', 'finalisation', 'disposals', 'Congo', 'initiatives', 'strength', 'regions', 'capacity', 'France', 'ability', 'risks', 'September', 'history', 'millions', 'way', 'service', 'day', 'projects', 'contribution', 'potential', 'source', 'pride', 'Europe', 'stakeholders', 'confidence', 'improved', 'progress', '2026 objectives', '25', '2024']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35938,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Deutsche-Bank-remains-its-Buy-rating-45912670/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : Deutsche Bank remains its Buy rating -February 08  2024 at 07:07 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Deutsche Bank is positive on the stock with a Buy rating. The target price continues to be set at EUR 209.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Deutsche-Bank-remains-its-Buy-rating-4591…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Buy rating', 'February', '07', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35939,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Boerse-Good-2023-figures-supported-by-interest-income-45911948/,Deutsche Boerse: Good 2023 figures supported by interest income -February 08  2024 at 06:16 am EST,(marketscreener.com) EARNINGS/SALES RELEASES Net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 15% to 1.72bn for 2023 compared to 2022 Net revenues increased by 17% to 5.1bn for 2023  of which 7% came from cyclical growth Proposed dividend per share…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.4,0.59,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Good 2023 figures', 'interest income', 'February', '06', '16', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35940,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/7ecf0c8769e36910,Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk,Deutsche Boerse  Credit Agricole and more in the latest Market Talks covering Financial Services. #deutscheboerse #creditagricole #markettalks #financialservices,Deutsche Boerse  Credit Agricole and more in the latest Market Talks covering Financial Services.#deutscheboerse#creditagricole#markettalks#financialservicesThis story appeared on wsj.com  2024-0… [+4 chars],neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'latest Market Talks', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Financial Services', 'creditagricole#markettalks', 'wsj.com', 'deutscheboerse', 'financialservices', 'story', '+4 chars']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,biztoc.com
35941,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-DZ-Bank-reiterates-its-Buy-rating-45916077/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : DZ Bank reiterates its Buy rating -February 08  2024 at 12:11 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) DZ Bank is positive on the stock with a Buy rating.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-DZ-Bank-reiterates-its-Buy-rating-45916077/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20240208,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'DZ Bank', 'Buy rating', 'February', '12', '11', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35942,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Gets-a-Neutral-rating-from-Berenberg-45910187/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : Gets a Neutral rating from Berenberg -February 08  2024 at 03:01 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Analyst Peter Richardson from Berenberg research gives the stock a Neutral rating. The target price has been raised to EUR 190 from EUR 180.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Gets-a-…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Neutral rating', 'Berenberg', 'February', '03:01', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35943,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Warburg-Research-reiterates-its-Buy-rating-45910863/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : Warburg Research reiterates its Buy rating -February 08  2024 at 04:33 am EST,(marketscreener.com) In a research note  Warburg Research analyst Andreas Pläsier has maintained his recommendation on the stock with a Buy rating. The target price is unchanged and still at EUR 226.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Warburg Research', 'Buy rating', 'February', '04', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35944,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-UBS-reiterates-its-Buy-rating-45911537/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : UBS reiterates its Buy rating -February 08  2024 at 05:44 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Already positive  the research from UBS and its analyst Michael Werner still consider the stock as a Buy opportunity. The target price remains unchanged at EUR 210.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/D…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Buy rating', 'UBS', 'February', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35945,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/index/NASDAQ-COMPOSITE-4944/news/Deutsche-Boerse-urges-swift-introduction-of-EU-rules-to-shift-euro-clearing-from-London-45912867/,Deutsche Boerse urges swift introduction of EU rules to shift euro clearing from London,(marketscreener.com) Deutsche Boerse ChiefExecutive Theodor Weimer said on Thursday that he had wantedmore from newly-agreed European Union rules aimed at shiftingeuro derivatives clearing from London to the bloc  but they werestill a step in the right di…,"LONDON  Feb 8 (Reuters) - Deutsche Boerse Chief Executive Theodor Weimer said on Thursday that he had wanted more from newly-agreed European Union rules aimed at shifting euro derivatives clearing from London to the bloc  but they were still a step in the right direction.EU policymakers reached a provisional deal on the rules on Wednesday  forcing banks and asset managers in the bloc to have an ""active account"" with an EU-based clearing house for widely-used derivatives such as euro interest rate swaps (IRS).Deutsche Boerse's Eurex Clearing arm in Frankfurt is the leading clearer for euro IRS in the EU  with Madrid Bourse and Nasdaq in Stockholm also vying for business in a market dominated by London Stock Exchange Group. The EU wants euro clearing to shift from Britain following its departure from the bloc  and to have direct oversight over the activity.However  only nominal volume targets have been set initially to ensure accounts are live  though EU financial services chief Mairead McGuinness has said ""this is just the start""  with Brussels reviewing progress within two years.Weimer said he wanted ""market driven solutions""  and that Eurex's partnership programme of customer incentives to attract euro IRS clearing was a ""good success""  garnering a 20% market share in volumes in euro swaps.The deal on EU rules seem to be a ""good compromise"" between the need to build up clearing autonomy in the bloc  and having rules that are ""feasible"" for customers to apply  Weimer said.""We want to see this implemented swiftly. Of course we want to see more ... but you take what you get. I think we are going in the right direction "" Weimer told a press conference.The euro clearing rules are part of EU efforts to deepen the bloc's capital market to compete better with Wall Street for company listings  and reduce a heavy reliance on bank loans in European corporate financing.Progress on capital markets union  however  has been patchy.""We have to strengthen and deepen capital market union  that is a must. We cannot and must not relent on this "" Weimer said.""It's not yet finished  and it would be fatal to stop implementing capital markets union at this point."" (Reporting by Huw Jones Editing by Mark Potter)",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,negative,0.08,0.27,0.65,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'swift introduction', 'EU rules', 'euro clearing', 'London', 'EU financial services chief Mairead McGuinness', 'Deutsche Boerse Chief Executive Theodor Weimer', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'euro interest rate swaps', 'nominal volume targets', 'European corporate financing', 'EU-based clearing house', 'capital markets union', 'market driven solutions', 'European Union rules', 'capital market union', 'Eurex Clearing arm', 'euro IRS clearing', 'euro clearing rules', 'euro swaps', 'clearing autonomy', 'EU policymakers', 'EU rules', 'EU efforts', '20% market share', 'right direction', 'asset managers', 'active account', 'leading clearer', 'Madrid Bourse', 'direct oversight', 'two years', 'partnership programme', 'customer incentives', 'good success', 'good compromise', 'press conference', 'Wall Street', 'company listings', 'heavy reliance', 'bank loans', 'Huw Jones', 'Mark Potter', 'euro derivatives', 'provisional deal', 'Reuters', 'Thursday', 'bloc', 'step', 'Wednesday', 'banks', 'Frankfurt', 'Nasdaq', 'Stockholm', 'business', 'Britain', 'departure', 'activity', 'accounts', 'start', 'Brussels', 'progress', 'volumes', 'need', 'customers', 'must', 'point']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35946,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/News-Highlights-Top-Financial-Services-News-of-the-Day-Thursday-at-11-AM-ET-45915583/,News Highlights : Top Financial Services News of the Day - Thursday at 11 AM ET -February 08  2024 at 11:16 am EST,(marketscreener.com) SoftBank Returns to Health With an AI Bump   The tech investor's shares rose 11% on the back of higher revenue at Arm  its chip-design subsidiary.  Fidelity's Abigail Johnson Shakes Up Executive Ranks  Again   The CEO named a ne…,SoftBank Returns to Health With an AI BumpThe tech investor's shares rose 11% on the back of higher revenue at Arm  its chip-design subsidiary.Fidelity's Abigail Johnson Shakes Up Executive Ranks  AgainThe CEO named a new finance chief and others. What the changes don't do is offer much clarity on who will emerge as Johnson's top deputy.The Confusingly Strong Economy Told in Three StoriesThe plausible explanations for the economy's apparent immunity to high interest rates each lead to completely different outcomes for the markets.Small Businesses Must Now Report Ownership Information to the Government. But Many Don't Know About it.A new federal rule now requires more than 32 million small businesses to file ownership information to a little known agency in the U.S. Treasury Department or face potential penalties. The problem: Many of these businesses don't know about it.Investors Are Almost Always Wrong About the FedWall Street is clinging to hopes for interest-rate cuts despite inflation fears.Société Générale Profit Tumbles But Tops ForecastsSociété Générale's fourth-quarter net profit was weighed by an almost-10% drop in revenue and higher operating expenses.Credit Agricole Lifts Payout as Profit Tops HopesCredit Agricole increased its 2023 dividend by 24%  after its corporate and retail banking offset a revenue decline at its insurance business  and helping lift fourth-quarter net profit above forecasts.Financial Services Roundup: Market TalkDeutsche Boerse  Credit Agricole and more in the latest Market Talks covering Financial Services.New York Community Bancorp looks to sell rent-regulated commercial real estate after surprise quarterly lossThe loan sale relates to three rent-regulated properties in New York City  a pain point for lenders.Carlyle Revamps Pay Structure While Setting New Financial TargetsThe private-equity firm swung to quarterly loss but saw its stock-price rise after it unveiled a pay overhaul that will give investors a bigger piece of management fees.(END) Dow Jones Newswires02-08-24 1115ET,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,mixed,0.1,0.26,0.65,True,English,"['Top Financial Services News', 'News Highlights', 'Day', '11 AM', 'February', 'Société Générale Profit Tumbles', 'U.S. Treasury Department', 'rent-regulated commercial real estate', 'New York Community Bancorp', 'fourth-quarter net profit', 'New York City', 'new finance chief', 'new federal rule', 'high interest rates', 'three rent-regulated properties', 'Dow Jones Newswires', 'New Financial Targets', 'higher operating expenses', 'Profit Tops Hopes', 'latest Market Talks', 'Financial Services Roundup', 'Confusingly Strong Economy', 'surprise quarterly loss', '32 million small businesses', 'Three Stories', 'higher revenue', 'AI Bump', 'tech investor', 'chip-design subsidiary', 'Executive Ranks', 'top deputy', 'plausible explanations', 'apparent immunity', 'different outcomes', 'Ownership Information', 'potential penalties', 'Wall Street', 'interest-rate cuts', 'inflation fears', 'Tops Forecasts', 'Credit Agricole', 'retail banking', 'insurance business', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'loan sale', 'pain point', 'Carlyle Revamps', 'Pay Structure', 'private-equity firm', 'stock-price rise', 'pay overhaul', 'bigger piece', 'management fees', 'revenue decline', 'Abigail Johnson', 'SoftBank', 'Health', 'shares', 'back', 'Arm', 'Fidelity', 'CEO', 'others', 'changes', 'clarity', 'markets', 'Government', 'agency', 'problem', 'Investors', 'Payout', '2023 dividend', 'corporate', 'lenders']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35947,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/dgap/EQS-DD-Deutsche-Beteiligungs-AG-Tom-Alzin-buy-n16571218.html,EQS-DD: Deutsche Beteiligungs AG: Tom Alzin  buy,12:04 Dalata Hotel Group PLC: NO. 11:38 EQS-PVR: Delivery Hero SE. 11:38 EQS-PVR: Delivery Hero SE. 10:52 Original-Research: APONTIS . 10:51 Original-Research: Nordex SE. 10:32 EQS-News: vbw Pressemitte. 10:26 Original-Research: ad pepper. 10:00 ...,Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them09.02.2024 / 12:25 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.a) NameTitle: First name: Tom Last name(s): Alzin2. Reason for the notificationa) Position / statusPosition: Member of the managing bodyb) Initial notification3. Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitora) NameDeutsche Beteiligungs AGb) LEI529900I88AOT7YXRMQ234. Details of the transaction(s)a) Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument  identification codeType: Share ISIN: DE000A1TNUT7b) Nature of the transactionAcquisitionc) Price(s) and volume(s)Price(s) Volume(s) 26.10 EUR 78300.00 EUR 26.10 EUR 52200.00 EURd) Aggregated informationPrice Aggregated volume 26.1000 EUR 130500.0000 EURe) Date of the transaction09/02/2024; UTC+1f) Place of the transactionName: XETRA MIC: XETRDetails of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associateda) Namea) Position / statusb) Initial notificationa) Nameb) LEIa) Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument  identification codeb) Nature of the transactionc) Price(s) and volume(s)d) Aggregated informatione) Date of the transactionf) Place of the transaction09.02.2024 CET/CEST The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.62,0.36,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Beteiligungs AG', 'Tom Alzin', 'EQS-DD', 'emission allowance market participant', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'Aggregated information Price Aggregated', 'Deutsche Beteiligungs AG', 'identification code Type', 'Aggregated informatione', 'Price(s', 'identification codeb', 'public disclosure', 'managerial responsibilities', 'managing body', 'auction platform', 'auction monitor', 'LEI 529900I88AOT7YXRMQ23', 'Share ISIN', 'XETRA MIC', 'Initial notificationa', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Financial/Corporate News', 'Press Releases', 'Name Title', 'First name', 'Last name', 'financial instrument', 'status Position', 'Volume(s', 'transaction Name', 'transactions', 'persons', 'CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'Tom', 'Alzin', 'Reason', 'Member', 'Details', 'auctioneer', 'Description', 'Nature', 'Acquisition', 'Date', 'UTC', 'Place', 'Namea', 'statusb', 'Nameb', 'LEIa', 'transactionc', 'transactionf', 'Archive', '2.']",2024-02-09,2024-02-09,stock-world.de
35948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-announces-volumes-for-January-2024-45915803/,Euronext announces volumes for January 2024,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 91 777 68 97 Milan+39 02 72 42 67 56Oslo+47 41 69 59 10  Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext announc…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 91 777 68 97 Milan +39 02 72 42 67 56 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for January 2024Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 February 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for January 2024.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTSMEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Europe Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.com Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice @euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 CLSegerlund@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of December 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'January', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Corporate Aurélie Cohen', 'Corporate Services Coralie Patri', 'Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Europe Aurélie Cohen', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'data subject request form', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Rome Ester Russom', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'Amsterdam Marianne Aalders', 'Brussels Marianne Aalders', 'Lisbon Sandra Machado', 'press release service', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Andrea Monzani', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,900 listed issuers', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Dublin', 'Milan', 'Paris', 'January', '8 February', 'Monthly', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'brusselspressoffice', 'portugalpressoffice', 'CLSegerlund', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'end', 'December', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'dpo', 'Attachment', '02']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2826292/0/en/Euronext-announces-volumes-for-January-2024.html,Euronext announces volumes for January 2024,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 91 777 68......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 91 777 68 97 Milan +39 02 72 42 67 56 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for January 2024Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 February 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for January 2024.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTSMEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Europe Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.com Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 CLSegerlund@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of December 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'January', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Corporate Aurélie Cohen', 'Corporate Services Coralie Patri', 'Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Europe Aurélie Cohen', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'data subject request form', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Rome Ester Russom', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'Amsterdam Marianne Aalders', 'Brussels Marianne Aalders', 'Lisbon Sandra Machado', 'press release service', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Andrea Monzani', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,900 listed issuers', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Dublin', 'Milan', 'Paris', 'January', '8 February', 'Monthly', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'amsterdampressoffice', 'brusselspressoffice', 'CLSegerlund', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'end', 'December', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'dpo', 'Attachment', '02']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAGIS-S-P-A-148356456/news/Magis-chooses-Invest-Italy-as-new-Euronext-Growth-Advisor-45916632/,Magis chooses Invest Italy as new Euronext Growth Advisor,(marketscreener.com) Magis Spa announced Thursday that it has appointed Invest Italy Spa as Euronext Growth Advisor. The new EGA will replace CFO SIM Spa effective March 1. Magis' stock is unchanged at EUR10.90 per share. By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Allia…,Magis SpA is an Italy-based company engaged in the manufacturing sector. The Company focuses on producing adhesives and offering solutions in the sectors where adhesive tapes are used. Its products inlcude bopp tapes  bopet tapes  duct tapes  crepe tapes  mopp tapes and specialties such as removable tapes or freezer tapes  among others.Sector Specialty Chemicals,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['new Euronext Growth Advisor', 'Invest Italy', 'Magis', 'Sector Specialty Chemicals', 'manufacturing sector', 'Magis SpA', 'Italy-based company', 'The Company', 'bopp tapes', 'bopet tapes', 'duct tapes', 'crepe tapes', 'mopp tapes', 'removable tapes', 'freezer tapes', 'adhesives', 'solutions', 'sectors', 'products', 'specialties', 'others']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825694/0/en/FLOW-TRADERS-Q4-2023-RESULTS.html,FLOW TRADERS Q4 2023 RESULTS,FLOW TRADERS Q4 2023 RESULTS  Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited Q4 2023 results.  Highlights ...,FLOW TRADERS Q4 2023 RESULTSAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited Q4 2023 results.HighlightsFlow Traders recorded Normalized Net Trading Income of €72.8m and Normalized Total Income of €72.9m in Q423. For FY23  Normalized Total Income was €299.8m compared to €460.6m in FY22 given the overall decline in market activity over the year.Flow Traders’ Value Traded declined 5% y/y in Q423 and declined by 16% y/y in 2023 given the subdued market environment.Normalized Operating Expenses were €49.4m in Q423  with Normalized Fixed Operating Expenses of €40.4m. For FY23  Normalized Operating Expenses came in at €207.6m  down from €252.4m in FY22. Normalized Fixed Operating Expenses were €174.1m  up from €161.6m in 2022  and compared to the guidance of €175-185m.Normalized EBITDA was €23.4m in Q423  generating a Normalized EBITDA margin of 31%. For FY23  Normalized EBITDA totaled €92.2m  with a margin of 31%  down from €208.2m and 45% in FY22.Normalized Net Profit was €15.3m in Q423  yielding a Normalized basic EPS of €0.35. For FY23  Normalized Net Profit totaled €59.5m with a Normalized basic EPS of €1.38  compared to €150.2m and €3.45 in FY22.Trading capital stood at €584m at the end of Q423  compared to €585m at the end of Q323  and generated a 51% return on trading capital 1 .. Shareholders’ equity was €586m at the end of Q423  compared to €590m at the end of Q323.Flow Traders employed 646 FTEs at the end of Q423  compared to 658 at the end of Q323 and 660 at the end of FY22  which is slightly below the guidance of broadly flat headcount for the year.Flow Traders proposes a final FY23 dividend of €0.15  resulting in total dividends of €0.45 for FY23 and a 54% payout ratio.Financial Overview€million Q423 Q422 Change FY23 FY22 Change Normalized total income 72.9 113.9 (36%) 299.8 460.6 (35%) Normalized net trading income2 72.8 115.6 (37%) 300.3 459.5 (35%) EMEA 40.5 66.2 (39%) 162.2 312.5 (49%) Americas 18.4 37.1 (50%) 83.2 91.7 (9%) APAC 13.9 12.3 13% 54.9 55.2 (1%) Normalized other income2 0.1 (1.7) - (0.5) 1.1 - Fixed employee expenses 17.5 19.9 (12%) 76.0 73.2 4% Technology expenses 15.3 16.4 (6%) 64.4 61.2 5% Other expenses 7.6 7.9 (4%) 33.7 27.3 23% Normalized fixed operating expenses 40.4 44.2 (9%) 174.1 161.6 8% Normalized employee expenses3 26.5 41.4 (36%) 109.5 164.0 (33%) Normalized operating expenses 49.4 65.7 (25%) 207.6 252.4 (18%) Normalized EBITDA 23.4 48.2 (51%) 92.2 208.2 (56%) Depreciation / amortisation 4.2 4.7 (11%) 18.3 16.8 9% Write off of (in) tangible assets 0.0 - - 0.1 0.2 (53%) Normalized profit before tax 19.2 43.5 (56%) 73.8 191.2 (61%) Normalized tax 3.9 10.0 (61%) 14.4 41.0 (65%) Normalized net profit 15.3 33.6 (54%) 59.5 150.2 (60%) Normalized basic EPS4 (€) 0.35 0.78 (55%) 1.38 3.45 (60%) Normalized EBITDA margin 32% 42% (24%) 31% 45% (32%)Value Traded Overview€billion Q423 Q422 Change FY23 FY22 Change Flow Traders ETP Value Traded 375 396 (5%) 1 464 1 775 (18%) Europe 151 179 (16%) 617 787 (22%) Americas 203 195 4% 753 892 (16%) Asia 22 22 (1%) 93 96 (3%) Flow Traders non-ETP Value Traded 1 144 1 209 (5%) 4 185 4 989 (16%) Flow Traders Value Traded 1 518 1 605 (5%) 5 648 6 765 (16%) Equity 762 780 (2%) 3 009 3 349 (10%) Fixed income 289 363 (20%) 1 154 1 323 (13%) Currency  Crypto  Commodity 422 451 (6%) 1 312 1 940 (32%) Other 45 11 309% 173 152 (14%) Market ETP Value Traded5 11 714 11 640 1% 43 081 51 811 (17%) Europe 557 506 10% 2 039 2 371 (14%) Americas 9 877 9 781 1% 35 874 44 675 (20%) Asia 1 280 1 353 (5%) 5 168 4 764 8% Asia ex China 383 403 (5%) 1 578 1 591 (1%)Market EnvironmentEquity trading volumes and volatility in Europe remained muted in Q4. While trading volumes improved compared to Q3  they remained down meaningfully compared to the same period a year ago. Market volatility  on the other hand  was down in the period vs. both the last quarter and the same period last year despite a temporary increase in October and reached the lowest point of the year in December.The Americas saw a rebound in trading volumes in the quarter  both compared to last quarter and the same period a year ago. However  volatility was roughly flat quarter-on-quarter and down significantly year-on-year.Asia saw volumes decline in the quarter compared to last quarter  driven in part by declines in Hong Kong and China  and was flat compared to the same period a year ago.Volumes and volatility from an asset class perspective followed the same pattern  improving on a quarter-on-quarter basis  but saw a meaningful decline vs. the same period a year ago. The exception was cryptocurrencies  which saw a strong improvement compared to last quarter given the resurgence in interest in the quarter.Share Buyback€3.2m worth of shares were repurchased in Q423 as part of the €15m share buyback program announced in October 2022. A portion of the shares to be repurchased under this program could be allocated to employee incentive plans as needed.OutlookNormalized Fixed Operating Expenses for FY23 came in at €174m vs. the €175-185m guidance. The firm remains fully focused on operational and cost efficiencies across the business while implementing its growth and diversification strategies. For FY24  Normalized Fixed Operating Expenses are expected to be in the same range as FY23 for the full year as headcount is expected to be flat to down for the year  offset by continued technology investments and inflationary pressures.CEO statementMike Kuehnel  CEO“We saw a slightly improved trading environment in the fourth quarter when compared to the third quarter  though volumes and volatility were still down compared to the same period last year. The brief increase in volatility in October was met with the lowest levels of volatility for the year in November and December. For full year 2023  we are pleased to see our diversification strategy yielded solid results despite the slowdown in market activity as we were able to benefit from the recent increase in activity within the CCC segment  which somewhat offset the lower market activity in equity and fixed income when compared to a year ago.In Europe  given the continued increase of institutional and retail interest in digital assets  we announced the formation of AllUnity  a Euro-stablecoin partnership with DWS Asset Management and Galaxy Digital. AllUnity furthers aligns with Flow Traders’ focus on contributing to the development of innovation within the digital asset space. We also spearheaded a concerted effort and leveraged our expertise to act as lead market maker and liquidity provider for our partners during the recent spot Bitcoin ETF launches in the U.S.. We are pleased to see significant developments within the digital asset space as we strongly believe it brings increased maturity and adoption.In the Americas  we continued to expand our regional presence in Chicago  our second location in the U.S.  as well as growing our product coverage by providing liquidity in ADRs. In Asia  we are encouraged by the already positive contribution from our nascent operation in China in the first year after receipt of our QFII license and look forward to further building relationships with the issuers  counterparties and other stakeholders to support the growth of the ETP ecosystem.Looking at our operations  we continue to focus on cost and operational efficiencies while balancing our key growth initiatives. In 2023  our Fixed Operating Expenses came in slightly below our guidance and we expect a similar projection in 2024 but remain vigilant  given continued investments in technology and inflationary pressures.In 2024  we will continue to focus on executing our strategy to strengthen and diversify our business and contribute to driving transparency and efficiency across global financial markets in collaboration with our partners. As we come up on the 20th anniversary of Flow Traders this year  we continue to pride ourselves on fostering our talent  which underpins the success of the company and remains as important as ever as we execute our strategy across our regions and asset classes.”Normalized PerformanceFlow Traders makes certain adjustments to various IFRS expense and profit measures in order to derive Alternative Performance Measures (APM). The policy is to exclude or adjust items that are considered to be significant in both nature or size and where the treatment as an adjusted item provides stakeholders with useful information to assess the year-on-year or quarter-on-quarter underlying performance. On this basis  the following items were adjusted or excluded for the Q423 results: Removal of IFRS 2 treatment of share-based payments which include the deferral of a portion of the current year share plans as well as recognition of prior years’ share plans. This adjustment provides insights into the relationship between the current year variable employee expenses and current year trading performance. Other income line includes all the realized and unrealized results on Flow Traders’ long-term equity investments whether accounted for as Fair Value Other Comprehensive Income (FV OCI)  Fair Value Profit and Loss (FVPL) or Results of Equity Accounted Investments. Exclusion of one-off expenses related to the completed corporate holding structure update and balance sheet review work. These are not considered to be part of the underlying operating expenses of the business. Tax expenses are adjusted based upon the pre-tax adjustments and/or excluded items above.IFRS Financial Overview€million Q423 Q422 Change FY23 FY22 Change Total income 74.3 115.5 (36%) 303.9 458.7 (34%) Net trading income 72.7 115.7 (37%) 300.3 460.2 (35%) Other income 1.6 (0.2) - 3.6 (1.5) - Employee expenses3 39.6 46.6 (15%) 134.0 176.8 (24%) Technology expenses 15.3 16.4 (6%) 64.4 61.2 5% Other expenses 7.6 7.9 (4%) 33.7 27.3 23% One-off expenses6 - 1.5 - 4.3 14.1 - Adjusted total operating expenses8 62.5 72.4 (14%) 236.3 279.3 (15%) EBITDA 11.8 43.2 (73%) 67.5 179.3 (62%) Profit before tax 7.4 38.0 (80%) 44.7 161.7 (72%) Net profit 6.4 29.5 (78%) 36.2 126.8 (72%) Basic EPS4 (€) 0.15 0.68 (78%) 0.84 2.92 (71%) Fully diluted EPS7 (€) 0.14 0.65 (78%) 0.81 2.76 (71%) EBITDA margin 16% 37% (58%) 22% 39% (43%)Normalized EBITDA and margin are based on the relevant profit share percentage of operating result for the relevant financial period without any IFRS 2 adjustments for share-based payments. The profit share percentage was adjusted to a maximum of 32.5% in Q222 from 35%.A summary reconciliation of Normalized to IFRS is presented below:Normalized to IFRS Reconciliation€million Q423 Q422 FY23 FY22 Normalized EBITDA 23.4 48.2 92.2 208.2 FV OCI adjustment 1.3 1.2 (0.4) (2.6) Results of equity-accounted investments 0.1 0.4 4.5 0.6 One-off expenses6 - (1.5) (4.3) (14.1) Prior year share plans (3.6) (7.0) (17.3) (25.4) Current year share plan deferral (9.5) 1.9 (7.1) 12.5 Other variable remuneration adjustment - - - - IFRS EBITDA 11.8 43.2 67.5 179.3 Normalized net profit 15.3 33.6 59.5 150.2 Profit before tax IFRS adjustments (11.8) (5.5) (29.2) (29.5) Tax difference 2.9 1.4 5.9 6.1 IFRS net profit 6.4 29.5 36.2 126.8NotesReturn on trading capital defined as LTM NTI divided by end of period trading capital. Normalized NTI is adjusted for the fair value change of economic offsetting positions presented in the NTI line instead of Other income. Normalized Other income is adjusted for Fair value through other comprehensive income and Results of equity-accounted investments. Normalized employee expenses is adjusted for the impact of share-based variable remuneration payments from prior years. Fixed employee expenses for the quarter were: Q423 - €17.5m; Q323 - €19.3m; Q422 - €19.9m; FY23 - €76.0m; FY22 - €73.2m. Weighted average shares outstanding: Q423 - 43 166 257; Q323 - 43 293 467; Q422 - 43 050 125; FY23 - 43 223 129; FY22 - 43 476 991. Source - Flow Traders analysis. One-off expenses related to the completed corporate holding structure update and balance sheet review work. Determined by adjusting the basic EPS for the effects of all dilutive share-based payments to employees. Adjusted total operating expenses excludes depreciation of €17.7m (FY22-€16.3m)  amortization of €0.6m (FY22-€0.5m) and asset write-offs of €0.1m (FY22-€0.2m)Preliminary Financial Calendar1 March 2024 Release 2023 Annual Report31 March 2024 Start silent period ahead of Q124 trading update25 April 2024 Release Q124 trading update (no analyst conference call)13 June 2024 AGM17 June 2024 FY23 final dividend proposed ex-dividend date19 June 2024 FY23 final dividend proposed record date21 June 2024 FY23 final dividend proposed payment date30 June 2024 Start of silent period ahead of H124 results25 July 2024 Release of H123 results (inc. analyst conference call)Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996180Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comMediaLaura PeijsPhone: +31 20 7996125Email: press@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With nearly two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.All results published in this release are unaudited.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.06,0.35,0.6,True,English,"['FLOW TRADERS Q4', '2023 RESULTS', 'Q422 Change FY23 FY22 Change Flow Traders', 'Outlook Normalized Fixed Operating Expenses', 'Share Buyback €3.2m worth', '€15m share buyback program', 'asset class perspective', 'Normalized Operating Expenses', 'Fixed employee expenses', 'employee incentive plans', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'Flow Traders’ Value', 'final FY23 dividend', 'Value Traded Overview', 'Normalized Net Profit', 'FLOW TRADERS Q4', 'Normalized basic EPS', 'net trading income2', 'Normalized EBITDA margin', 'Normalized Total Income', 'unaudited Q4 2023 results', 'Market ETP Value', 'Equity trading volumes', 'Fixed income', 'Technology expenses', 'employee expenses3', 'Other expenses', 'Financial Overview', 'Trading capital', 'basic EPS4', 'total dividends', 'other income2', 'market activity', 'market environment', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'flat headcount', '54% payout ratio', 'tangible assets', 'temporary increase', 'lowest point', 'Hong Kong', 'same pattern', 'strong improvement', 'same period', 'other hand', 'overall decline', 'meaningful decline', 'last quarter', 'quarter basis', 'Market volatility', 'The Americas', 'Q4.', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Highlights', 'year', 'Q423', 'subdued', 'guidance', 'Q32', '51% return', '646 FTEs', 'EMEA', 'APAC', 'Depreciation', 'amortisation', 'tax', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Currency', 'Crypto', 'Commodity', 'China', 'October', 'December', 'rebound', 'part', 'declines', 'exception', 'resurgence', 'interest', 'shares', 'portion']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825759/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-1-7-2024.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 1 – 7  2024,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 1 – 7  2024      February 8  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert......,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 1 – 7  2024February 8  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 101 500 its own ordinary shares in the period from February 1  2024  up to and including February 7  2024  for €14.1 million and at an average share price of €138.65.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 1  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2024  up to and including February 19  2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 564 000 76.0 134.82For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.36,0.62,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Further information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'November', 'January', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '€', '31']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825745/0/en/VEON-s-Kyivstar-Nominated-for-the-GLOMO-in-Best-Mobile-Innovation-for-Emergency-and-Humanitarian-Connectivity.html,VEON’s Kyivstar Nominated for the GLOMO in “Best Mobile Innovation” for Emergency and Humanitarian Connectivity,Amsterdam and Kyiv  08 February 2024: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary Kyivstar has been shortlisted for the ‘Bes…,Amsterdam and Kyiv  08 February 2024: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary Kyivstar has been shortlisted for the ‘Best Mobile Innovation Supporting Emergency or Humanitarian Situations’ at the prestigious Global Mobile (GLOMO) Awards 2024.Ukraine’s market-leading digital operator Kyivstar received this nomination with its continuous work in network resilience as the war approaches its 2nd year. Despite physical attacks on its network  challenges with energy resilience and cyberattacks targeting its network and services  Kyivstar has continued to ensure that Ukrainians remain connected  addressing the critical humanitarian need for access to communication.“The essentiality of our services has made Kyivstar not only indispensable to Ukraine and our customers  but also a prime target - as we have experienced with the recent massive cyberattack on our network. Our work in improving the resilience of communication in Ukraine includes 2 years of continuous effort in creating redundancies in our core network  constant building and rebuilding of the damaged sites  very significant energy investments as well as investments in digital services and cybersecurity.” said Oleksandr Komarov  CEO of Kyivstar. “This nomination motivates us further to continue being the lynchpin of Ukraine’s connectivity and its digital transformation  both of which are essential to our country’s resilience  recovery and reconstruction.”The Global Mobile (GLOMO) Awards ceremony will take place in Barcelona during this year’s Mobile World Congress - MWC Barcelona 2024.About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.Contact InformationVEONHande AsikGroup Director of Communicationpr@veon.comTUVA PartnersJulian Tannerjulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.43,0.56,0.01,negative,0.03,0.39,0.58,True,English,"['Best Mobile Innovation', 'Humanitarian Connectivity', 'VEON', 'Kyivstar', 'GLOMO', 'Emergency', 'prestigious Global Mobile (GLOMO) Awards', 'Best Mobile Innovation Supporting', 'Hande Asik Group Director', 'GLOMO) Awards ceremony', 'global digital operator', 'recent massive cyberattack', 'Mobile World Congress', 'critical humanitarian need', 'market-leading digital operator', 'significant energy investments', 'Humanitarian Situations', 'digital transformation', 'owned subsidiary', 'physical attacks', 'energy resilience', 'prime target', 'continuous effort', 'constant building', 'digital services', 'Oleksandr Komarov', 'six countries', 'economic growth', 'TUVA Partners', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'technology-driven services', 'continuous work', '2nd year', 'MWC Barcelona', '160 million customers', 'Contact Information', 'core network', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Julian Tanner', 'network resilience', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Kyiv', 'NASDAQ', 'Emergency', 'Ukraine', 'nomination', 'challenges', 'cyberattacks', 'Ukrainians', 'access', 'communication', 'essentiality', '2 years', 'redundancies', 'rebuilding', 'sites', 'cybersecurity', 'CEO', 'lynchpin', 'country', 'recovery', 'reconstruction', 'place', 'population', 'lives', 'individuals', 'tuvapartners', '08']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-12738425/news/Pharming-Group-to-participate-in-February-investor-conferences-45909672/,Pharming Group to participate in February investor conferences,(marketscreener.com) Leiden  The Netherlands  February 8  2024: Pharming Group N.V. announces that Pharming’s management will participate in the following investor conferences in the month of February: Oppenheimer 34th Annual Healthcare Life Sciences Virtual …,Leiden  The Netherlands  February 8  2024: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming”) (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming’s management will participate in the following investor conferences in the month of February:Oppenheimer 34 th Annual Healthcare Life Sciences Virtual Conference  February 13-14  2024Sijmen de Vries  Chief Executive Officer  will present on Tuesday  February 13 at 11:20 ET/17:20 CET. A live webcast and replay of the presentation will be available in the “Upcoming Events” and “News” sections of Pharming’s website.Sijmen de Vries  Chief Executive Officer  will present on Tuesday  February 13 at 11:20 ET/17:20 CET. A live webcast and replay of the presentation will be available in the “Upcoming Events” and “News” sections of Pharming’s website. UBS European Healthcare Conference  London  U.K.  February 28  2024For more information about these conferences  or to schedule a one-to-one meeting with Pharming’s management team  please contact Pharming’s Investor Relations team at investor@pharming.com or your Oppenheimer or UBS representative.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nl,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['February investor conferences', 'Pharming Group', '34 th Annual Healthcare Life Sciences Virtual Conference', 'UBS European Healthcare Conference', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Investor Relations team', 'UBS representative', 'gene therapies', 'live webcast', 'Upcoming Events', 'News” sections', 'U.K.', 'management team', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'investor conferences', 'one meeting', 'public information', 'Leiden', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'month', 'February', 'Oppenheimer', 'Tuesday', 'replay', 'presentation', 'website', 'London', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'UK', 'nl', '11:20']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-1-7-2024-45910656/,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 1 – 7  2024,(marketscreener.com) Share Buyback Transaction Details February 1 – 7  2024 February 8  2024 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 101 500 its own ordin…,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 1 – 7  2024February 8  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 101 500 its own ordinary shares in the period from February 1  2024  up to and including February 7  2024  for €14.1 million and at an average share price of €138.65.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 1  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2024  up to and including February 19  2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 564 000 76.0 134.82For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'new information', 'share repurchases', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'Further information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Weekly reports', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'November', 'January', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '€', '31']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COTY-INC-13396702/news/Coty-Announces-Filing-of-Quarterly-Report-on-Form-10-Q-for-the-Fiscal-Quarter-Ended-December-31-202-45917694/,Coty Announces Filing of Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter Ended December 31  2023,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Coty Inc. today announced that on February 8  2024 the Company filed its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31  2023 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .The quarterly r…,Regulatory News:Coty Inc. (NYSE: COTY; EURONEXT PARIS: COTY) today announced that on February 8  2024 the Company filed its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31  2023 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).The quarterly report is available on the SEC’s website at: https://www.sec.gov/ixviewer/ix.html?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/0001024305/000102430524000007/coty-20231231.htm.About Coty Inc.Founded in Paris in 1904  Coty is one of the world’s largest beauty companies with a portfolio of iconic brands across fragrance  color cosmetics  and skin and body care. Coty serves consumers around the world  selling prestige and mass market products in more than 125 countries and territories. Coty and our brands empower people to express themselves freely  creating their own visions of beauty; and we are committed to protecting the planet. Learn more at coty.com or on LinkedIn and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240208268006/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['Quarterly Report', 'Form 10-Q', 'Fiscal Quarter', 'Coty', 'Filing', 'U.S. Securities', 'mass market products', 'largest beauty companies', 'Regulatory News', 'quarterly report', 'Form 10-Q', 'fiscal quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'color cosmetics', 'body care', 'source version', 'EURONEXT PARIS', 'iconic brands', 'sec.gov', 'Coty Inc.', 'NYSE', 'February', 'Company', 'website', 'ixviewer', 'Archives/edgar', 'data', 'world', 'portfolio', 'fragrance', 'skin', 'consumers', 'prestige', '125 countries', 'territories', 'people', 'visions', 'planet', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'businesswire']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DNO-ASA-1413123/news/Key-Information-Relating-to-Cash-Dividend-45909050/,Key Information Relating to Cash Dividend,(marketscreener.com) Oslo  8 February 2024 - DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that pursuant to the authorization granted at the Annual General Meeting held on 25 May 2023  the Board of Directors has approved a dividend payment of N…,Oslo  8 February 2024 - DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that pursuant to the authorization granted at the Annual General Meeting held on 25 May 2023  the Board of Directors has approved a dividend payment of NOK 0.25 per share to be made on or about 26 February 2024 to all shareholders of record as of 16 February 2024. DNO shares will be traded ex-dividend as of 15 February 2024.Dividend amount: NOK 0.25 per shareDeclared currency: NOKLast day including right: 14 February 2024Ex-date: 15 February 2024Record date: 16 February 2024Payment date: 26 February 2024 (on or about)Date of approval: 7 February 2024  based on authorization granted 25 May 2023-For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no-DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d'Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and section 4.2.4 of Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Key Information', 'Cash Dividend', ""Côte d'Ivoire"", 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian oil', 'DNO ASA', 'gas operator', 'dividend payment', 'DNO shares', 'Dividend amount', 'Last day', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'disclosure requirements', 'Payment date', 'Record date', 'authorization', '25 May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'NOK', '26 February', 'shareholders', '16 February', '15 February', 'currency', '14 February', 'Ex-date', 'approval', '7 February', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'relations', 'Company', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'section']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-s-Kyivstar-Nominated-for-the-GLOMO-in-Best-Mobile-Innovation-for-Emergency-and-Humanita-45910178/,VEON's Kyivstar Nominated for the GLOMO in “Best Mobile Innovation” for Emergency and Humanitarian Connectivity,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam and Kyiv  08 February 2024: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary Kyivstar has been shortlisted for the ‘Best Mobile Innovation…,Amsterdam and Kyiv  08 February 2024: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary Kyivstar has been shortlisted for the ‘Best Mobile Innovation Supporting Emergency or Humanitarian Situations’ at the prestigious Global Mobile (GLOMO) Awards 2024.Ukraine’s market-leading digital operator Kyivstar received this nomination with its continuous work in network resilience as the war approaches its 2nd year. Despite physical attacks on its network  challenges with energy resilience and cyberattacks targeting its network and services  Kyivstar has continued to ensure that Ukrainians remain connected  addressing the critical humanitarian need for access to communication.“The essentiality of our services has made Kyivstar not only indispensable to Ukraine and our customers  but also a prime target - as we have experienced with the recent massive cyberattack on our network. Our work in improving the resilience of communication in Ukraine includes 2 years of continuous effort in creating redundancies in our core network  constant building and rebuilding of the damaged sites  very significant energy investments as well as investments in digital services and cybersecurity.” said Oleksandr Komarov  CEO of Kyivstar. “This nomination motivates us further to continue being the lynchpin of Ukraine’s connectivity and its digital transformation  both of which are essential to our country’s resilience  recovery and reconstruction.”The Global Mobile (GLOMO) Awards ceremony will take place in Barcelona during this year’s Mobile World Congress - MWC Barcelona 2024.About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.Contact InformationVEONHande AsikGroup Director of Communicationpr@veon.comTUVA PartnersJulian Tannerjulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,negative,0.03,0.39,0.58,True,English,"['Best Mobile Innovation', 'Humanitarian Connectivity', 'VEON', 'Kyivstar', 'GLOMO', 'Emergency', 'prestigious Global Mobile (GLOMO) Awards', 'Best Mobile Innovation Supporting', 'Hande Asik Group Director', 'GLOMO) Awards ceremony', 'global digital operator', 'recent massive cyberattack', 'Mobile World Congress', 'critical humanitarian need', 'market-leading digital operator', 'significant energy investments', 'Humanitarian Situations', 'digital transformation', 'owned subsidiary', 'physical attacks', 'energy resilience', 'prime target', 'continuous effort', 'constant building', 'digital services', 'Oleksandr Komarov', 'six countries', 'economic growth', 'TUVA Partners', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'technology-driven services', 'continuous work', '2nd year', 'MWC Barcelona', '160 million customers', 'Contact Information', 'core network', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Julian Tanner', 'network resilience', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Kyiv', 'NASDAQ', 'Emergency', 'Ukraine', 'nomination', 'challenges', 'cyberattacks', 'Ukrainians', 'access', 'communication', 'essentiality', '2 years', 'redundancies', 'rebuilding', 'sites', 'cybersecurity', 'CEO', 'lynchpin', 'country', 'recovery', 'reconstruction', 'place', 'population', 'lives', 'individuals', 'tuvapartners', '08']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4120334.html,Accor awarded ‘A’ rating by CDP for its environmental leadership and actions on climate change,For the first time  Accor joins the ‘A-list’ of global environmental non-profit CDP  as part of the leading companies regarding transparency  management of environment risks and demonstrating the rigor and ambition with which the climate issue is addressed in…,For the first time  Accor joins the ‘A-list’ of global environmental non-profit CDP  as part of the leading companies regarding transparency  management of environment risks and demonstrating the rigor and ambition with which the climate issue is addressed in the company's business model.Accor is one of the 141 European companies that achieved an ‘A’ on climate change out of over 21 000 companies scored. Moreover  Accor has once again demonstrated its leadership on the climate issue by being the only company  among the leading hospitality companies  to be recognized with an ‘A’.This recognition rewards the work carried out as part of the Accor Group's sustainability strategy  that places People & Nature at its heart  infusing three strategic pillars: (i) to transform sustainably our operations and hotels to enhance guests experience  (ii) to accelerate the transition to a sustainable food model by offering differentiating culinary experiences to our guests  and finally (iii) to participate in making tangible  at sector level  a new way of traveling.As part of this strategy  Accor is committed to contributing to carbon neutrality by 2050  in line with the Paris Agreement and validated by SBTi. The Group has also undertaken to reduce its carbon emissions by -46% on scope 1&2 and -28% on scope 3 by 2030. To achieve these commitments  Accor is working closely with its owners and plays an active role within the Sustainable Hospitality Alliance and the Hospitality Alliance for Responsible Procurement to set new standards for the industry.Accor is paving the way to transform the hospitality industry into a sector that contributes to the environment and the society. As demonstrated in 2023  the climate change consequences are real  which requires exploring new ways of managing hotels. Thanks to the strong dedication of Accor teams across the world  the group proves that it has the adequate strategy  method  governance  and rigor to pursue its efforts  to support and provide solutions to our owners in their decarbonization journey and accelerate the deployment of our strategy  in coalition with our stakeholders. Sébastien Bazin  Chairman & CEO of AccorFully aligned with the Taskforce for Climate-Related Financial Disclosures  CDP holds the largest environmental database in the world  and its scores are widely used to drive investment and procurement decisions towards a sustainable and resilient economy and contribute to global carbon neutrality.In 2023  over 740 financial institutions with over US$136 trillion in assets requested companies to disclose data on environmental impacts  risks and opportunities through CDP’s platform. A record-breaking 23 000 companies responded.A detailed and independent methodology is used by CDP to assess these companies  allocating a score of A to D- based on the comprehensiveness of disclosure  awareness and management of environmental risks and demonstration of best practices associated with environmental leadership  such as setting ambitious and meaningful targets. Those that don’t disclose or provide insufficient information are scored an F.Congratulations to all the companies on CDP’s A List  and those companies that started or accelerated their journey towards environmental transparency in 2023 – we saw a 24% increase of disclosures last year and that trajectory is to be applauded. It is only by laying the groundwork of disclosure that companies can show they are serious about the vital part they play in securing a net-zero  nature-positive future. Sherry Madera  CEO of CDPThe full list of companies that made this year’s CDP A List is available here: https://www.cdp.net/en/companies/companies-scoresAbout AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 500 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.24,0.26,True,English,"['A’ rating', 'environmental leadership', 'climate change', 'Accor', 'CDP', 'actions', 'global environmental non-profit CDP', 'world leading hospitality group', 'three strategic pillars', 'Sébastien Bazin', 'net-zero, nature-positive future', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'largest environmental database', 'global carbon neutrality', 'climate change consequences', 'Sustainable Hospitality Alliance', 'Climate-Related Financial Disclosures', 'leading hospitality companies', 'sustainable food model', 'CDP A List', 'business model', '740 financial institutions', 'environmental impacts', 'leading companies', 'carbon emissions', 'climate issue', 'sustainable development', 'hospitality industry', 'environmental risks', 'first time', 'Paris Agreement', 'The Group', 'active role', 'Responsible Procurement', 'new standards', 'new ways', 'strong dedication', 'procurement decisions', 'independent methodology', 'best practices', 'environmental leadership', 'meaningful targets', 'environmental transparency', 'Sherry Madera', 'full list', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', '40 hotel brands', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'community outreach', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'sustainability strategy', 'guests experience', 'culinary experiences', 'sector level', 'adequate strategy', 'decarbonization journey', 'resilient economy', 'insufficient information', '141 European companies', 'record-breaking 23,000 companies', 'vital part', 'Accor Group', 'Accor teams', 'Accor SA', 'environment risks', '10,000 food', '21,000 companies', 'management', 'rigor', 'ambition', 'company', 'recognition', 'People', 'heart', 'operations', 'hotels', 'transition', 'traveling', 'line', 'SBTi.', 'scope', 'commitments', 'owners', 'society', 'governance', 'efforts', 'solutions', 'deployment', 'coalition', 'stakeholders', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Taskforce', 'scores', 'investment', 'assets', 'opportunities', 'platform', 'detailed', 'comprehensiveness', 'awareness', 'demonstration', 'ambitious', 'F.', 'Congratulations', '24% increase', 'trajectory', 'groundwork', '110 countries', '5,500 properties', 'luxury', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'terms', 'integrity', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,hospitalitynet.org
35960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2826356/0/en/Vantiva-appoints-new-Directors-and-Chairman-to-Board-of-Directors-following-strategic-acquisition-of-CommScope-Home-Networks.html,Vantiva appoints new Directors and Chairman to Board of Directors following strategic acquisition of CommScope Home Networks,Press Release      Vantiva appoints new Directors and Chairman to Board of Directors following strategic acquisition of CommScope Home Networks  Brian......,Press ReleaseVantiva appoints new Directors and Chairman to Board of Directors following strategic acquisition of CommScope Home NetworksBrian Shearer  TPG Angelo Gordon  appointed Chairman of Board of Directors.TPG Angelo Gordon and CommScope Holding Company  Inc. representativesjoin Board of Directors.Barclays Bank Ireland Plc. appointed Board Observer.Paris – February 8th  2024 – Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader enabling Network Service Providers (NSPs) to connect consumers around the world  today announced Brian Shearer  Head of European Credit Solutions at Angelo  Gordon & Co.  L.P. (“TPG Angelo Gordon”)  has been appointed as a Director and Chairman of Vantiva’s Board of Directors. His appointment will be presented to shareholders for approval at the next General Meeting.The announcement follows last month’s completion of Vantiva’s acquisition of the Home Networks division of U.S. company CommScope Holding Company  Inc. (Nasdaq: COMM)  bringing together two major players in the connected home market.Brian Shearer’s appointment follows the appointment of representatives of TPG Angelo Gordon and CommScope Company Inc. (“CommScope”)  Nicola Mueller and Krista Bowen  respectively  who were elected to the Board at the last General Meeting. Vantiva also announced the appointment of Barclays Bank Ireland Plc  represented by Shabab Ditta  as Board Observer.Brian Shearer replaces Richard Moat  who stepped down after a long tenure to allow  and in support of  a change in strategic direction following successful completion of the CommScope Home Networks acquisition.Brian Shearer brings valuable financial and strategic commercial expertise to Vantiva’s Board  and he looks forward to working with the Board and the company  to ensure Vantiva’s long-term success and help realize the benefits of the transformative CommScope connected homes merger in the nearer term.Brian Shearer has been a professional investor across various sectors and geographies since 2010. He is currently a Managing Director and the Head of European Credit Solutions at TPG Angelo Gordon  the diversified credit and real estate investing platform of TPG  a leading global asset manager with over $200 billion of AUM. Prior to joining TPG Angelo Gordon  Brian Shearer was a senior investment professional at Taconic Capital and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.Nicola Mueller is a Director at TPG Angelo Gordon. Nicola Mueller joined TPG Angelo Gordon in 2019 and is a senior investment professional in the TPG Angelo Gordon European Credit Solutions team. Prior to TPG Angelo Gordon  Nicola Mueller was an investment professional at Oaktree Capital Management and Goldman Sachs. Nicola Mueller brings valuable financial expertise to the Board.Krista Bowen is Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of CommScope  which she joined in 2010. Krista Bowen will bring over 25 years of legal experience to the Board in addition to a wealth of knowledge on CommScope Home Networks. Prior to joining CommScope  Krista Bowen was a partner at the law firm Robinson  Bradshaw & Hinson  specializing in mergers and acquisitions.Shabab Ditta joined Barclays in 2006 and is a Managing Director in the Credit Trading business at Barclays Bank Plc.Vantiva’s Board of Directors now comprises 12 directors  60% of whom are independent. The proportion of women on the Board is 50%.About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group’s relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.Following the acquisition of CommScope’s Home Networks in January 2024  Vantiva continues its 130-year legacy as a global leader in the connected home market.Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsVantiva Press Relations Thatcher+Co. for Vantivapress.relations@vantiva.com vantiva@thatcherandco.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.58,0.41,0.01,True,English,"['CommScope Home Networks', 'strategic acquisition', 'new Directors', 'Vantiva', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'TPG Angelo Gordon European Credit Solutions team', 'transformative CommScope connected homes merger', 'real estate investing platform', 'Deutsche Bank Securities Inc', 'Barclays Bank Ireland Plc.', 'leading global asset manager', 'Vantiva Press Relations Thatcher', 'Barclays Bank Plc', 'CommScope Home Networks acquisition', 'Credit Trading business', 'connected home market', 'Network Service Providers', 'next General Meeting', 'two major players', 'last General Meeting', 'Senior Vice President', 'Deputy General Counsel', 'other smart spaces', 'supply chain performance', 'video game creators', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Home Networks division', 'global technology leader', 'CommScope Company Inc', 'U.S. company', 'Oaktree Capital Management', 'various vertical industries', 'senior investment professional', 'CommScope Holding Company', 'strategic commercial expertise', 'valuable financial expertise', 'global leader', 'diversified credit', 'Press Release', 'leading firms', 'end solutions', 'regulated market', 'decades-long expertise', 'professional investor', 'various sectors', 'Taconic Capital', 'independent company', 'strategic acquisition', 'strategic direction', 'Brian Shearer', 'L.P.', 'Nicola Mueller', 'Krista Bowen', 'Shabab Ditta', 'Richard Moat', 'long tenure', 'long-term success', 'nearer term', 'Goldman Sachs', 'legal experience', 'law firm', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'Asia Pacific', 'software companies', 'entertainment industry', '130-year legacy', 'highest standards', 'strategic partner', 'Euronext Paris', 'successful completion', 'Managing Director', 'Vantiva shares', 'Board Observer', 'new Directors', '12 directors', 'Chairman', 'representatives', 'February', 'NSPs', 'consumers', 'world', 'Head', 'Co.', 'appointment', 'shareholders', 'approval', 'announcement', 'Nasdaq', 'support', 'change', 'benefits', 'geographies', 'AUM', '25 years', 'addition', 'wealth', 'knowledge', 'Robinson', 'Bradshaw', 'Hinson', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'proportion', 'women', 'Technicolor', 'France', 'content', 'services', 'logistics', 'fulfillment', 'distribution', 'operations', 'Americas', 'EMEA', 'group', 'relationships', 'film', '100 years', 'clients', 'January', 'sustainability', 'aspects', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'thatcherandco', 'Attachment']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AKWEL-5052/news/AKWEL-annual-turnover-for-2023-up-by-7-9-45915804/,AKWEL: annual turnover for 2023 up by +7.9% -February 08  2024 at 11:46 am EST,(marketscreener.com)         Thursday  February 8  2024 ANNUAL TURNOVER FOR 2023 UP BY +7.9% Turnover up 9.6% at constant scope and exchange rates. Net cash of €118.3M Expected impact of restructuring on net income for 2023 AKWEL   parts and systems manufactu…,Thursday  February 8  2024ANNUAL TURNOVER FOR 2023 UP BY +7.9%Turnover up 9.6% at constant scope and exchange rates.Net cash of €118.3MExpected impact of restructuring on net income for 2023AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  parts and systems manufacturer for the automotive and heavy-vehicle industry  specialist in fluid management  mechanisms and structural parts for electric vehicles  has recorded a consolidated turnover of €1 066.4M for 2023.Consolidated turnover (from January 1 to December 31)in €m — unaudited 2023 2022 Variation PCC variation (1) 1st quarter 274.6 245.8 +11.7% +10.9% 2nd quarter 271.2 242.3 +12.0% +13.6% 3rd quarter 253.1 251.1 +0.8% +4.6% Nine-month total 799.0 739.2 +8.1% +9.6% Nine-month report published 781.9 739.2 +5.8% +12.3% 4th quarter 267.4 249.4 +7.2% +9.4% Twelve-month total 1 066.4 988.5 +7.9% +9.6%(1) At constant scope and exchange rates.CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICY FOR TURKISH SUBSIDIARIESAt the request of the Group’s statutory auditors  results for the Turkish subsidiaries will henceforth be consolidated with the euro as the functional currency  with an analysis of contracts in Turkish lira having shown beneficial indexation to the euro. This change  which will entail changes to financial statements from previous years  will offset the effect of exchange rates on integrating local activities. The turnover for each quarter in 2023 has been reprocessed accordingly in the table above.EVOLUTION IN 2023 TURNOVER IN LINE WITH FORECASTSThe Group recorded a turnover of €267.4M in the fourth quarter of financial year 2023  an increase of +7.2% as reported and +9.4% at constant scope and exchange rates.This strong quarterly performance allowed AKWEL to end 2023 with consolidated turnover of €1 066.4M  up +7.9% from 2022  and to return to a level of business activity close to that seen in 2019 — the last financial year before the global health crisis.At constant scope and exchange rates  annual turnover was up by +9.6%  in line with forecasts released by the Group when it published its quarterly results. The negative impact of currency fluctuations amounted to -€16.8M for the year  including -€8.4M on the US dollar.ANALYSIS OF THE TURNOVER DISTRIBUTIONIn terms of geographic areas  growth in turnover is mainly driven by the French and European regions:France: €306.1M (+13.9%)Europe (excluding France) and Africa: €302.6M (+12.7%)North America: €296.1M (-0.9%)Asia and the Middle East (including Türkiye): €157.0M (+6.9%)South America: €4.7M (-15.8%)In terms of business activity  Products and Functions turnover increased by +8.5% to €1 031.8M over the period. The Air intake (+26.3%)  Washer systems (+17.3%) and Cooling (+9.6%) product lines were the strongest drivers in 2023  and recent activity from structural parts for electric vehicles totaled €21.5M (+77.9%). Turnover from Tooling rose by 24.7% to €26.6M.NET CASH OF €118.3MNet cash excluding lease obligations grew by €10.2M in the fourth quarter of the financial year and reached €118.3M by year-end  representing an annual increase of €3.2M.PROSPECTSA growth in business activity  as well as the Group’s ability to gradually pass on some of the cost increases it has faced  lend credence to a growth in current operating income in 2023 compared to 2022. However  costs relating to industrial restructuring in France along with the closure of the Gournay-en-Bray site  which was announced in the last quarter of 2023 and is set to go ahead in the first half of 2024  are expected to take a toll on operating and net income.As for the current financial year  based on forecasts of stable global automotive production in its main markets in Europe and North America  AKWEL currently anticipates a similar level of business activity to that seen in 2023.Next press release: Annual results 2023  April 4  2024  after the market closes.An independent family business  trading on Euronext Paris  AKWEL is a parts and systems manufacturer for the automotive and heavy-vehicle industry  and a specialist in fluid management  mechanisms and structural parts for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this with their first-rate industrial and technological know-how in mastering the application and processing of materials (plastic  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Working in 21 countries across 5 continents  AKWEL employs 9500 workers worldwide.Euronext Paris — Sub-fund B — ISIN: FR0000053027 — Reuters: AKW.PA — Bloomberg: AKW:FPAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.31,0.67,True,English,"['annual turnover', 'AKWEL', 'February', '11', '46', 'stable global automotive production', 'global health crisis', 'Next press release', 'strong quarterly performance', 'independent family business', 'The Air intake', 'current financial year', 'current operating income', 'last financial year', 'financial statements', 'last quarter', 'net income', 'business activity', 'quarterly results', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', 'Net cash', 'Expected impact', 'systems manufacturer', 'heavy-vehicle industry', 'fluid management', 'electric vehicles', 'ACCOUNTING POLICY', 'TURKISH SUBSIDIARIES', 'statutory auditors', 'functional currency', 'Turkish lira', 'beneficial indexation', 'previous years', 'local activities', 'negative impact', 'currency fluctuations', 'US dollar', 'geographic areas', 'European regions', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Türkiye', 'South America', 'Washer systems', 'product lines', 'strongest drivers', 'recent activity', 'lease obligations', 'cost increases', 'Bray site', 'first half', 'main markets', 'Euronext Paris', 'first-rate industrial', 'technological know-how', 'mechatronic integration', 'Sub-fund B', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'Annual results', 'structural parts', 'PCC variation', 'Nine-month report', 'annual increase', 'industrial restructuring', 'similar level', 'ANNUAL TURNOVER', 'TURNOVER DISTRIBUTION', 'Functions turnover', 'The Group', 'consolidated turnover', '2023 TURNOVER', 'Thursday', 'February', 'AKWEL', 'specialist', 'mechanisms', 'January', 'December', 'Twelve-month', 'request', 'analysis', 'contracts', 'changes', 'effect', 'EVOLUTION', 'FORECASTS', 'terms', 'growth', 'French', 'France', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'Products', 'period', 'Cooling', 'Tooling', 'year-end', 'PROSPECTS', 'ability', 'credence', 'costs', 'closure', 'toll', 'application', 'processing', 'materials', 'rubber', 'metal', '21 countries', '5 continents', '9500 workers', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'AKW.', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825674/0/en/Biotalys-Enters-into-Academic-Collaborations-with-Key-Scientific-Leaders-in-Europe-and-U-S.html,Biotalys Enters into Academic Collaborations with Key Scientific Leaders in Europe and U.S.,Cooperations will support Biotalys’ targeted approach to biocontrol development and help to advance earlier-stage programs Cooperations will support Biotalys’ targeted approach to biocontrol development and help to advance earlier-stage programs,"Ghent  Belgium  Feb. 08  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext – BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop protection  today announced that the company has entered into several academic collaborations with leading researchers in plant pathology in both Europe and the U.S.Biotalys is developing a series of biocontrols to support growers in protecting their crops from pests and diseases. The company’s R&D program BioFun-4 was initiated last year to develop a biofungicide against Phytophthora infestans  an oomycete (water mould) that causes late blight/potato blight  a serious disease that particularly affects fruit and vegetable crops and potatoes. Biotalys has now entered into a research collaboration agreement with the University of Aberdeen (United Kingdom)  under which Biotalys will sponsor a three-year PhD project in the Oomycete Laboratory of Prof. Pieter van West  Chair in Mycology  a leader in the field of plant and animal pathogenic oomycetes. This project will deepen the expertise in oomycetes at the molecular level and fits well with Biotalys’ highly targeted strategy of applying a discovery method based on defined molecular targets  as core of its AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platform.The company also announced two new academic collaborations related to BioFun-7  its ongoing R&D program in partnership with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and focused on developing biocontrols against leafspot disease for cowpeas and other legumes. The first collaboration is with the Instituto Superior de Agronomia (ISA) at the University of Lisbon (Portugal) to isolate and characterize new strains of Cercospora canescens  the target fungal disease of the BioFun-7 program. The work led by Dr. Filipa Monteiro at Linking Landscape  Environment  Agriculture and Food (LEAF) labs (e.g.  Coffee Rust Research Centre (CIFC)  Prof. Dora Batista) will enable Biotalys to test the effectiveness of its molecules in infection experiments. The collaboration was initiated in the second half of 2023 and is planned to run for two years.The second agreement related to BioFun-7 is with the University of California-Davis (U.S.) and the lab of Prof. Ioannis Stergiopoulos at the department of Plant Pathology. Prof. Stergiopoulos dedicates his research to the understanding of fungal plant pathogens and to translating this knowledge into effective intervention strategies for disease control. In this collaboration  Prof. Stergiopoulos’s lab will perform a functional analysis of antifungal targets in select plant pathogens  pertinent to the BioFun-7 program.Dr. Carlo Boutton  Chief Scientific Officer of Biotalys  commented: “With these collaborations we have announced today  we continue to build on the strong scientific foundation of our programs and technology. I am a firm believer of the synergies that can be created between the expertise and excellent research in academia and industry  and the announced new collaborations are examples of that vision. We continuously seek to partner with experts in all aspects of our field as we work to bring novel  sustainable crop protection products to growers. We are excited about the work these researchers will be doing with us.”Biotalys already has academic partnerships with the University of Ghent and the Flemish Institute of Biotech VIB. In addition  the company previously received a grant from the Flemish Agency for Innovation and Entrepreneurship (VLAIO) for a PhD project (so-called Baekeland mandate) to conduct research around novel protein-based fungicides.The company also has a Scientific Advisory Committee of leading experts  formed in late 2022 to support the company’s continued growth  accelerate product pipeline efforts and deepen scientific partnership initiatives.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comImportant NoticeBiotalys  its business  prospects and financial position remain exposed and subject to risks and uncertainties. A description of and reference to these risks and uncertainties can be found in the 2022 annual report on the consolidated annual accounts and the half-year report for 2023.This announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.47,0.21,0.32,True,English,"['Key Scientific Leaders', 'Academic Collaborations', 'U.S.', 'Biotalys', 'Europe', 'novel, sustainable crop protection products', 'Instituto Superior de Agronomia', 'Prof. Pieter van West', 'Coffee Rust Research Centre', 'ongoing R&D program', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'two new academic collaborations', 'novel protein-based fungicides', 'AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platform', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'Melinda Gates Foundation', 'Dr. Filipa Monteiro', 'effective intervention strategies', 'Dr. Carlo Boutton', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Scientific Advisory Committee', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'Prof. Dora Batista', 'several academic collaborations', 'product pipeline efforts', 'key crop pests', 'target fungal disease', 'Prof. Ioannis Stergiopoulos', 'animal pathogenic oomycetes', 'strong scientific foundation', 'scientific partnership initiatives', 'safer food supply', 'three-year PhD project', 'fungal plant pathogens', 'research collaboration agreement', 'new collaborations', 'Prof. Stergiopoulos', 'two years', 'academic partnerships', 'new strains', 'second agreement', 'diverse pipeline', 'Agricultural Technology', 'serious disease', 'leafspot disease', 'BioFun-7 program', 'disease control', 'excellent research', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'plant pathology', 'U.S.', 'Phytophthora infestans', 'water mould', 'potato blight', 'United Kingdom', 'molecular level', 'targeted strategy', 'discovery method', 'molecular targets', 'other legumes', 'Cercospora canescens', 'Linking Landscape', 'LEAF) labs', 'infection experiments', 'second half', 'functional analysis', 'antifungal targets', 'firm believer', 'Flemish Institute', 'Flemish Agency', 'Baekeland mandate', 'continued growth', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Important Notice', 'financial position', '2022 annual report', 'annual accounts', 'half-year report', 'first collaboration', 'leading researchers', 'Oomycete Laboratory', 'Biotech VIB', 'leading experts', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'vegetable crops', 'AgTech) company', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'Feb.', 'Biotalys', 'BTLS', 'Europe', 'series', 'biocontrols', 'growers', 'diseases', 'BioFun-4', 'biofungicide', 'fruit', 'potatoes', 'University', 'Aberdeen', 'Chair', 'Mycology', 'leader', 'field', 'expertise', 'core', 'Bill', 'cowpeas', 'ISA', 'Lisbon', 'Portugal', 'work', 'Environment', 'Agriculture', 'CIFC', 'effectiveness', 'molecules', 'California-Davis', 'department', 'understanding', 'knowledge', 'programs', 'synergies', 'academia', 'industry', 'examples', 'vision', 'aspects', 'addition', 'grant', 'Innovation', 'Entrepreneurship', 'VLAIO', 'late', 'alternatives', 'soil', 'spin-off', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Head', 'Communications', 'business', 'prospects', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'description', 'reference', 'announcement', 'statements', '9', '2023']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Biotalys-Enters-into-Academic-Collaborations-with-Key-Scientific-Leaders-in-Europe-and-U-S-45909144/,Biotalys Enters into Academic Collaborations with Key Scientific Leaders in Europe and U.S.,(marketscreener.com) Cooperations will support Biotalys’ targeted approach to biocontrol development and help to advance earlier-stage programsGhent  Belgium  Feb. 08  2024 -- Biotalys   an Agricultural Technology company developing protein-based biocontrol s…,"Cooperations will support Biotalys’ targeted approach to biocontrol development and help to advance earlier-stage programsGhent  Belgium  Feb. 08  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext – BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop protection  today announced that the company has entered into several academic collaborations with leading researchers in plant pathology in both Europe and the U.S.Biotalys is developing a series of biocontrols to support growers in protecting their crops from pests and diseases. The company’s R&D program BioFun-4 was initiated last year to develop a biofungicide against Phytophthora infestans  an oomycete (water mould) that causes late blight/potato blight  a serious disease that particularly affects fruit and vegetable crops and potatoes. Biotalys has now entered into a research collaboration agreement with the University of Aberdeen (United Kingdom)  under which Biotalys will sponsor a three-year PhD project in the Oomycete Laboratory of Prof. Pieter van West  Chair in Mycology  a leader in the field of plant and animal pathogenic oomycetes. This project will deepen the expertise in oomycetes at the molecular level and fits well with Biotalys’ highly targeted strategy of applying a discovery method based on defined molecular targets  as core of its AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platform.The company also announced two new academic collaborations related to BioFun-7  its ongoing R&D program in partnership with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and focused on developing biocontrols against leafspot disease for cowpeas and other legumes. The first collaboration is with the Instituto Superior de Agronomia (ISA) at the University of Lisbon (Portugal) to isolate and characterize new strains of Cercospora canescens  the target fungal disease of the BioFun-7 program. The work led by Dr. Filipa Monteiro at Linking Landscape  Environment  Agriculture and Food (LEAF) labs (e.g.  Coffee Rust Research Centre (CIFC)  Prof. Dora Batista) will enable Biotalys to test the effectiveness of its molecules in infection experiments. The collaboration was initiated in the second half of 2023 and is planned to run for two years.The second agreement related to BioFun-7 is with the University of California-Davis (U.S.) and the lab of Prof. Ioannis Stergiopoulos at the department of Plant Pathology. Prof. Stergiopoulos dedicates his research to the understanding of fungal plant pathogens and to translating this knowledge into effective intervention strategies for disease control. In this collaboration  Prof. Stergiopoulos’s lab will perform a functional analysis of antifungal targets in select plant pathogens  pertinent to the BioFun-7 program.Dr. Carlo Boutton  Chief Scientific Officer of Biotalys  commented: “With these collaborations we have announced today  we continue to build on the strong scientific foundation of our programs and technology. I am a firm believer of the synergies that can be created between the expertise and excellent research in academia and industry  and the announced new collaborations are examples of that vision. We continuously seek to partner with experts in all aspects of our field as we work to bring novel  sustainable crop protection products to growers. We are excited about the work these researchers will be doing with us.”Biotalys already has academic partnerships with the University of Ghent and the Flemish Institute of Biotech VIB. In addition  the company previously received a grant from the Flemish Agency for Innovation and Entrepreneurship (VLAIO) for a PhD project (so-called Baekeland mandate) to conduct research around novel protein-based fungicides.The company also has a Scientific Advisory Committee of leading experts  formed in late 2022 to support the company’s continued growth  accelerate product pipeline efforts and deepen scientific partnership initiatives.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comImportant NoticeBiotalys  its business  prospects and financial position remain exposed and subject to risks and uncertainties. A description of and reference to these risks and uncertainties can be found in the 2022 annual report on the consolidated annual accounts and the half-year report for 2023.This announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.Attachments",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.62,0.17,0.21,True,English,"['Key Scientific Leaders', 'Academic Collaborations', 'U.S.', 'Biotalys', 'Europe', 'novel, sustainable crop protection products', 'Instituto Superior de Agronomia', 'Prof. Pieter van West', 'Coffee Rust Research Centre', 'ongoing R&D program', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'two new academic collaborations', 'novel protein-based fungicides', 'AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platform', 'Melinda Gates Foundation', 'Dr. Filipa Monteiro', 'effective intervention strategies', 'Dr. Carlo Boutton', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Scientific Advisory Committee', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'Prof. Dora Batista', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'several academic collaborations', 'product pipeline efforts', 'key crop pests', 'target fungal disease', 'Prof. Ioannis Stergiopoulos', 'late blight/potato blight', 'animal pathogenic oomycetes', 'strong scientific foundation', 'scientific partnership initiatives', 'safer food supply', 'three-year PhD project', 'fungal plant pathogens', 'Biotalys’ targeted approach', 'research collaboration agreement', 'new collaborations', 'Prof. Stergiopoulos', 'two years', 'academic partnerships', 'biocontrol development', 'new strains', 'targeted strategy', 'second agreement', 'diverse pipeline', 'Agricultural Technology', 'serious disease', 'leafspot disease', 'BioFun-7 program', 'disease control', 'excellent research', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'plant pathology', 'U.S.', 'Phytophthora infestans', 'water mould', 'United Kingdom', 'molecular level', 'discovery method', 'molecular targets', 'other legumes', 'Cercospora canescens', 'Linking Landscape', 'LEAF) labs', 'infection experiments', 'second half', 'functional analysis', 'antifungal targets', 'firm believer', 'Flemish Institute', 'Flemish Agency', 'Baekeland mandate', 'continued growth', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Important Notice', 'financial position', 'first collaboration', 'earlier-stage programs', 'leading researchers', 'Oomycete Laboratory', 'Biotech VIB', 'leading experts', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'vegetable crops', 'AgTech) company', 'late 2022', 'Cooperations', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'Feb.', 'BTLS', 'Europe', 'series', 'biocontrols', 'growers', 'diseases', 'BioFun-4', 'biofungicide', 'fruit', 'potatoes', 'University', 'Aberdeen', 'Chair', 'Mycology', 'leader', 'field', 'expertise', 'core', 'cowpeas', 'ISA', 'Lisbon', 'Portugal', 'work', 'Environment', 'Agriculture', 'CIFC', 'effectiveness', 'molecules', 'California-Davis', 'department', 'understanding', 'knowledge', 'synergies', 'academia', 'industry', 'examples', 'vision', 'aspects', 'addition', 'grant', 'Innovation', 'Entrepreneurship', 'VLAIO', 'alternatives', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Head', 'Communications', 'business', 'prospects', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'description', 'reference', '2022 annua', '9']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35964,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VENTE-UNIQUE-COM-42547900/news/Vente-unique-com-Vente-unique-com-confirms-strong-sales-momentum-in-Q1-2023-2024-45909370/,Vente-unique.com : Vente-unique.com confirms strong sales momentum in Q1 2023-2024 -February 08  2024 at 01:35 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  Press release Gross merchandise volume up 23.8%  to €58.2m; Consolidated revenues up 16.3% to €45.1m;International expansion and the marketplace are proving to be powerful growth drivers for the Group.8 February 2024. Vente-uniqu…,"Press releaseGross merchandise volume up 23.8%  to €58.2m;Consolidated revenues up 16.3% to €45.1m;International expansion and the marketplace are proving to be powerful growth drivers for the Group.8 February 2024. Vente-unique.com  a European specialist in online furniture and home décor sales  today announces its unaudited revenues for the first quarter of its 2023-2024 financial year (from 1 October 2023 to 31 December 2023).IFRS (€000) Q1 2022-2023 Q1 2023-2024 Change Gross merchandise volume[1] 46 968 58 164 +23.8% Revenues 38 754 45 063 +16.3% E-commerce[2] 36 809 44 010 +19.6% Logistics[3] 1 945 1 053 - 45.9%The Vente-unique.com Group enters the 2023-2024 financial year with the best 1st quarter in its history. Following on from a very good 2022-2023 financial year (+18.2%)  gross merchandise volume has accelerated sharply by +23.8% compared with the 1st quarter of 2022-2023 to reach €58.2m  illustrating the market place's growing strength in Europe.This confirms the Group's ability to continue growing in a difficult environment for household consumption  by taking full advantage of its controlled international expansion and the marketplace's sources of revenue.E-commerce business continues to enjoy sustained growthConsolidated revenues also rose sharply by 16.3% to € 45.1 million  driven by remarkable growth in E-commerce activities (+19.6%). The Group achieved strong growth in sales volume while maintaining its sales margin at a very good level  demonstrating the attractiveness and excellent positioning of the products sold by Vente-unique.com.Revenues from logistics activities fell by -45.9% during the quarter  due to the judicial liquidation of its main customer  Habitat Design International  at the end of December 2023. In the coming quarters  Vente-unique.com will absorb this loss of business by winning new customers and by meeting its own needs in terms of E-commerce growth.International business becomes the biggest contributor to E-commerce salesIFRS (€000) Q1 2022-2023 Q1 2023-2024 Change E-commerce revenues 36 809 44 010 +19.6% France 19 064 20 990 +10.1% Northern and Eastern Europe[4] 12 161 16 368 +34.6% Southern Europe[5] 5 584 6 652 +19.1%The Group turned in a remarkable performance outside France  where for the first time it now generates more than half its sales (52%  up 4 points on Q1 2022-2023). Momentum remains very strong in Northern and Eastern Europe (+34.6%)  and is accelerating in Southern Europe (+19.1%)  confirming the rebound that began in the previous quarter.This momentum is being driven by the success of the Vente-unique.com brand's global offering  and reinforced by the gradual roll-out of the marketplace in Europe. After successive openings in Spain  Italy  Germany and Switzerland during 2023  the marketplace will be rolled out in the Netherlands and Portugal from March 2024. This will consolidate the Group's position as a global player in online furniture sales in Europe.France continues to post solid  resilient growth (+10.1%)  accounting for 48% of sales.Outlook maintainedDespite a generally unfavourable environment and the potential impact of geopolitical tensions on the cost of sea freight  Vente-unique.com remains confident in its ability to deliver another year of profitable growth  based on the success of its range across Europe and the new potential offered by its marketplace.Next publication: H1 2023-2024 revenues  Tuesday  14 May 2024Read more on bourse.vente-unique.comÀ propos de Vente-unique.comCreated in 2006  Vente-unique.com (Euronext Growth - ALVU)  a subsidiary of the CAFOM Group (Euronext - CAFO)  is an expert in online revenues of furniture and home furnishings in Europe. The company covers 11 countries (France  Germany  Austria  Belgium  Spain  Italy  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Poland  Portugal and Switzerland) and has supplied over 2.5 million customers since its launch. In 2023  Vente-unique.com generated revenues of €202 million  up 18%.ACTUS finance & communication Pierre Jacquemin-Guillaume Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt Investor relations Press relations vente-unique@actus.fr acdudicourt@actus.fr 01 53 67 36 79 01 53 67 36 32[1] Gross value  including taxes  of products and services sold  including direct product sales recognised at the date of shipment  marketplace sales recognised at the order confirmation date and other invoiced services and revenues[2] Direct product sales + marketplace fees[3] BtoB logistics services invoiced by the new subsidiary resulting from the acquisition of the Distri Service business on 1 October 2022[4] Austria + Belgium + Germany + Luxembourg + Netherlands + Poland + Switzerland[5] Italy + Portugal + SpainThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xmhpZMhoZ2aaxpuck8dqa2FjbZlklWKdbJLLyGNoZMuZZ2xhmmdnl5WeZnFllmdm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84120-vu_cp_ca_t1_2023-2024_en_vf.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['strong sales momentum', 'Vente', 'unique', 'com', 'Q1', 'February', '01', 'Pierre Jacquemin-Guillaume Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt', 'Investor relations Press relations', 'home décor sales', 'good 2022-2023 financial year', 'First quarter financial report', 'Quarterly financial reporting', 'The Vente-unique.com Group', '2023-2024 financial year', 'Gross merchandise volume', 'Habitat Design International', 'original press release', 'other invoiced services', 'direct product sales', 'powerful growth drivers', 'solid, resilient growth', 'controlled international expansion', 'order confirmation date', 'Distri Service business', 'best 1st quarter', 'H1 2023-2024 revenues', 'Vente-unique.com brand', 'BtoB logistics services', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'online furniture sales', 'Change E-commerce revenues', 'sales volume', 'good level', 'home furnishings', 'Gross value', 'first time', 'The Group', 'International business', 'previous quarter', 'sales margin', 'E-commerce sales', 'sustained growth', 'remarkable growth', 'strong growth', 'E-commerce growth', 'profitable growth', 'online revenues', 'European specialist', 'market place', 'growing strength', 'difficult environment', 'household consumption', 'E-commerce business', 'E-commerce activities', 'excellent positioning', 'logistics activities', 'judicial liquidation', 'main customer', 'coming quarters', 'new customers', 'biggest contributor', 'remarkable performance', 'global offering', 'gradual roll-out', 'successive openings', 'global player', 'unfavourable environment', 'potential impact', 'geopolitical tensions', 'sea freight', 'new potential', '2.5 million customers', 'Regulated information', 'CAFOM Group', 'Consolidated revenues', 'unaudited revenues', 'Euronext Growth', 'marketplace sales', 'full advantage', 'Next publication', 'new subsidiary', 'Eastern Europe', 'Southern Europe', 'ACTUS finance', 'marketplace fees', '8 February', '1 October', '31 December', 'IFRS', 'Q1', 'history', 'ability', 'sources', 'attractiveness', 'products', 'end', 'loss', 'needs', 'terms', 'France', 'Northern', 'half', 'Momentum', 'rebound', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'Netherlands', 'Portugal', 'March', 'Outlook', 'cost', 'range', 'Tuesday', '14 May', 'bourse', 'ALVU', 'expert', 'company', '11 countries', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Poland', 'launch', 'communication', 'acdudicourt', 'taxes', 'shipment', 'acquisition', 'xmhpZMhoZ2aaxpuck8dqa2FjbZlklWKdbJLLyGNoZMuZZ2xhmmdnl5WeZnFllmdm', 'PDF']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35965,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONTEX-GROUP-NV-16751532/news/Ontex-Receives-A-Rating-for-Transparency-on-Climate-Action-45909392/,Ontex Receives A- Rating for Transparency on Climate Action,(marketscreener.com) Aalst  Belgium  February 8  2024 –Ontex is proud to have received an A- rating for leadership in corporate transparency and performance on climate change for its 2023 contributions. Ontex received the rating among 23 000 companies evaluat…,"Aalst  Belgium  February 8  2024 –Ontex (Euronext: ONTEX) is proud to have received an A- rating for leadership in corporate transparency and performance on climate change for its 2023 contributions. Ontex received the rating among 23 000 companies evaluated by global environmental non-profit Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP)  ranking Ontex in the top 6% of evaluated companies.Gustavo Calvo Paz  CEO of Ontex said: ""I am thrilled to share that Ontex has successfully reduced carbon emissions from its operations by over 50% in just 3 years. Our commitment to sustainability helps both our customers  who are reducing carbon in their supply chains  and our consumers  for generations to come. Together  we are closer to achieving net zero emissions and securing long-term business success.""Ontex earned its A- climate action rating by being transparent about how it emits carbon and where it is reducing emissions  and by sourcing more than 90% of the electricity used in its factories worldwide - 100% in its European factories - from renewable sources.Ontex's climate action efforts are part of the company's 2030 sustainability strategy  which also includes actions towards driving positive change throughout the supply chain.This year  Ontex reaffirms its positive CDP B score for Forests Disclosure  indicating the company's ability to measure and manage forest-related impacts  risks and opportunities. Ontex sources a range of forest-derived raw materials  from viscose and pulp to wood-based packaging. The company's internal due diligence system mechanisms help to assess  mitigate and prevent risks associated with deforestation or other unsustainable practices throughout the vulnerable supply chain of these materials. One of Ontex's key safeguards is to ensure that 100% of wood-based materials are sourced from certified or controlled sources. Year on year  Ontex shows solid progress in increasing the share of certified materials  culminating in over 90% in 2023.CDP’s annual disclosure process is widely recognized as the gold standard of corporate environmental transparency. Over 25 000 organizations around the world disclosed data through CDP in 2023  with more than 23 000 companies – including listed companies worth two thirds global market capitalization.Note to editorsThe full list of companies that made this year’s CDP A List is available here: https://www.cdp.net/en/companies/companies-scoresCDP asks companies to fill out questionnaires to assess their progress towards environmental stewardship. Responding companies are assessed across consecutive levels which represent the steps a company moves through as it progresses towards environmental stewardship. The levels are No disclosure (F)  Disclosure (D)  Awareness (C)  Management (B) and Leadership (A).The full methodology and criteria for the A List is available on CDP’s website at: https://www.cdp.net/en/companies/companies-scoresFor more information on Ontex’ sustainability strategy and goals  go to https://ontex.com/sustainability or consult Ontex’s latest annual report .***Contact informationInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Maarten Verbanck +32 53 33 36 20 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of hygienic products and solutions for retailers and healthcare  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 20 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .About CDPCDP is a global non-profit that runs the world’s environmental disclosure system for companies  cities  states and regions. Founded in 2000 and working with more than 740 financial institutions with over $137 trillion in assets  CDP pioneered using capital markets and corporate procurement to motivate companies to disclose their environmental impacts  and to reduce greenhouse gas emissions  safeguard water resources and protect forests. Over 25 000 organizations around the world disclosed data through CDP in 2023  with more than 23 000 companies – including listed companies worth two thirds global market capitalization - and over 1 100 cities  states and regions. Fully TCFD aligned  CDP holds the largest environmental database in the world  and CDP scores are widely used to drive investment and procurement decisions towards a zero carbon  sustainable and resilient economy. CDP is a founding member of the Science Based Targets initiative  We Mean Business Coalition  The Investor Agenda and the Net Zero Asset Managers initiative. Visit cdp.net or follow @CDP to find out more.ONTEX GROUP NV Korte Keppestraat 21 9320 Erembodegem (Aalst) 0550.880.915 RPR Ghent – Division DendermondeAttachment",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.42,0.36,0.22,True,English,"['A- Rating', 'Climate Action', 'Ontex', 'Transparency', 'two thirds global market capitalization', 'global environmental non-profit Carbon Disclosure Project', 'Net Zero Asset Managers initiative', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'internal due diligence system', 'We Mean Business Coalition', 'positive CDP B score', 'A- climate action rating', 'long-term business success', 'climate action efforts', 'environmental disclosure system', 'zero carbon, sustainable', 'net zero emissions', 'Gustavo Calvo Paz', 'other unsustainable practices', 'leading international developer', 'largest environmental database', 'annual disclosure process', 'latest annual report', 'global non-profit', 'leading retailer brands', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'forest-derived raw materials', 'The Investor Agenda', 'vulnerable supply chain', 'corporate environmental transparency', 'ONTEX GROUP NV', 'CDP A List', 'Ontex’ sustainability strategy', 'A- rating', 'climate change', 'positive change', 'environmental stewardship', 'environmental impacts', 'carbon emissions', 'corporate transparency', 'No disclosure', 'cdp.net', 'latest news', 'supply chains', 'Forests Disclosure', 'full list', 'lifestyle brands', 'corporate procurement', '2030 sustainability strategy', 'forest-related impacts', 'wood-based packaging', 'key safeguards', 'wood-based materials', 'gold standard', 'full methodology', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'Maarten Verbanck', 'hygienic products', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'innovative products', 'Bel Mid®', '740 financial institutions', 'capital markets', 'water resources', 'procurement decisions', 'resilient economy', 'founding member', 'Korte Keppestraat', 'RPR Ghent', 'Division Dend', 'Ontex brands', 'European factories', 'renewable sources', 'solid progress', 'certified materials', 'consecutive levels', 'Contact information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'ontex.com', 'listed companies', 'Responding companies', 'CDP scores', '23,000 companies', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'February', 'leadership', 'performance', '2023 contributions', 'CEO', 'operations', '3 years', 'commitment', 'customers', 'consumers', 'generations', 'electricity', 'part', 'company', 'actions', 'risks', 'opportunities', 'range', 'viscose', 'pulp', 'mechanisms', 'deforestation', 'share', 'Over', '25,000 organizations', 'world', 'Note', 'editors', 'questionnaires', 'steps', 'Awareness', 'Management', 'criteria', 'website', 'goals', 'Investors', 'relations', 'ontexglobal', 'Media', 'communications', 'producer', 'solutions', 'retailers', 'healthcare', 'expertise', '100 countries', '7,500 people', 'presence', '20 countries', 'headquarters', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'cities', 'states', 'regions', 'assets', 'TCFD', 'investment', '9320 Erembodegem']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35966,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2826294/0/en/AKWEL-annual-turnover-for-2023-up-by-7-9.html,AKWEL: annual turnover for 2023 up by +7.9%,Thursday  February 8  2024  ANNUAL TURNOVER FOR 2023 UP BY +7.9%  Turnover up 9.6% at constant scope and exchange rates.  Net cash of €118.3M ......,Thursday  February 8  2024ANNUAL TURNOVER FOR 2023 UP BY +7.9%Turnover up 9.6% at constant scope and exchange rates.Net cash of €118.3MExpected impact of restructuring on net income for 2023AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  parts and systems manufacturer for the automotive and heavy-vehicle industry  specialist in fluid management  mechanisms and structural parts for electric vehicles  has recorded a consolidated turnover of €1 066.4M for 2023.Consolidated turnover (from January 1 to December 31)in €m — unaudited 2023 2022 Variation PCC variation (1) 1st quarter 274.6 245.8 +11.7% +10.9% 2nd quarter 271.2 242.3 +12.0% +13.6% 3rd quarter 253.1 251.1 +0.8% +4.6% Nine-month total 799.0 739.2 +8.1% +9.6% Nine-month report published 781.9 739.2 +5.8% +12.3% 4th quarter 267.4 249.4 +7.2% +9.4% Twelve-month total 1 066.4 988.5 +7.9% +9.6%(1) At constant scope and exchange rates.CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICY FOR TURKISH SUBSIDIARIESAt the request of the Group’s statutory auditors  results for the Turkish subsidiaries will henceforth be consolidated with the euro as the functional currency  with an analysis of contracts in Turkish lira having shown beneficial indexation to the euro. This change  which will entail changes to financial statements from previous years  will offset the effect of exchange rates on integrating local activities. The turnover for each quarter in 2023 has been reprocessed accordingly in the table above.EVOLUTION IN 2023 TURNOVER IN LINE WITH FORECASTSThe Group recorded a turnover of €267.4M in the fourth quarter of financial year 2023  an increase of +7.2% as reported and +9.4% at constant scope and exchange rates.This strong quarterly performance allowed AKWEL to end 2023 with consolidated turnover of €1 066.4M  up +7.9% from 2022  and to return to a level of business activity close to that seen in 2019 — the last financial year before the global health crisis.At constant scope and exchange rates  annual turnover was up by +9.6%  in line with forecasts released by the Group when it published its quarterly results. The negative impact of currency fluctuations amounted to -€16.8M for the year  including -€8.4M on the US dollar.ANALYSIS OF THE TURNOVER DISTRIBUTIONIn terms of geographic areas  growth in turnover is mainly driven by the French and European regions:France: €306.1M (+13.9%)Europe (excluding France) and Africa: €302.6M (+12.7%)North America: €296.1M (-0.9%)Asia and the Middle East (including Türkiye): €157.0M (+6.9%)South America: €4.7M (-15.8%)In terms of business activity  Products and Functions turnover increased by +8.5% to €1 031.8M over the period. The Air intake (+26.3%)  Washer systems (+17.3%) and Cooling (+9.6%) product lines were the strongest drivers in 2023  and recent activity from structural parts for electric vehicles totaled €21.5M (+77.9%). Turnover from Tooling rose by 24.7% to €26.6M.NET CASH OF €118.3MNet cash excluding lease obligations grew by €10.2M in the fourth quarter of the financial year and reached €118.3M by year-end  representing an annual increase of €3.2M.PROSPECTSA growth in business activity  as well as the Group’s ability to gradually pass on some of the cost increases it has faced  lend credence to a growth in current operating income in 2023 compared to 2022. However  costs relating to industrial restructuring in France along with the closure of the Gournay-en-Bray site  which was announced in the last quarter of 2023 and is set to go ahead in the first half of 2024  are expected to take a toll on operating and net income.As for the current financial year  based on forecasts of stable global automotive production in its main markets in Europe and North America  AKWEL currently anticipates a similar level of business activity to that seen in 2023.Next press release: Annual results 2023  April 4  2024  after the market closes.An independent family business  trading on Euronext Paris  AKWEL is a parts and systems manufacturer for the automotive and heavy-vehicle industry  and a specialist in fluid management  mechanisms and structural parts for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this with their first-rate industrial and technological know-how in mastering the application and processing of materials (plastic  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Working in 21 countries across 5 continents  AKWEL employs 9500 workers worldwide.Euronext Paris — Sub-fund B — ISIN: FR0000053027 — Reuters: AKW.PA — Bloomberg: AKW:FPAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.31,0.67,True,English,"['annual turnover', 'AKWEL', 'stable global automotive production', 'global health crisis', 'Next press release', 'strong quarterly performance', 'independent family business', 'The Air intake', 'current financial year', 'current operating income', 'last financial year', 'financial statements', 'last quarter', 'net income', 'business activity', 'quarterly results', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', 'Net cash', 'Expected impact', 'systems manufacturer', 'heavy-vehicle industry', 'fluid management', 'electric vehicles', 'ACCOUNTING POLICY', 'TURKISH SUBSIDIARIES', 'statutory auditors', 'functional currency', 'Turkish lira', 'beneficial indexation', 'previous years', 'local activities', 'negative impact', 'currency fluctuations', 'US dollar', 'geographic areas', 'European regions', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Türkiye', 'South America', 'Washer systems', 'product lines', 'strongest drivers', 'recent activity', 'lease obligations', 'cost increases', 'Bray site', 'first half', 'main markets', 'Euronext Paris', 'first-rate industrial', 'technological know-how', 'mechatronic integration', 'Sub-fund B', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'Annual results', 'structural parts', 'PCC variation', 'Nine-month report', 'annual increase', 'industrial restructuring', 'similar level', 'ANNUAL TURNOVER', 'TURNOVER DISTRIBUTION', 'Functions turnover', 'The Group', 'consolidated turnover', '2023 TURNOVER', 'Thursday', 'February', 'AKWEL', 'specialist', 'mechanisms', 'January', 'December', 'Twelve-month', 'request', 'analysis', 'contracts', 'changes', 'effect', 'EVOLUTION', 'FORECASTS', 'terms', 'growth', 'French', 'France', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'Products', 'period', 'Cooling', 'Tooling', 'year-end', 'PROSPECTS', 'ability', 'credence', 'costs', 'closure', 'toll', 'application', 'processing', 'materials', 'rubber', 'metal', '21 countries', '5 continents', '9500 workers', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'AKW.', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35967,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SQLI-11135770/news/Sqli-SQLI-STRENGTHENS-ITS-POSITION-IN-CUSTOMER-EXPERIENCE-MANAGEMENT-WITH-THE-ACQUISITION-OF-L-45910557/,Sqli : SQLI STRENGTHENS ITS POSITION IN CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE MANAGEMENT WITH THE ACQUISITION OF LEVANA -February 08  2024 at 03:50 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  Paris – 8 February 2024. European digital services group SQLI announces the acquisition of Levana  an independent French agency founded in 2017. With a team of 70 employees  Levana has established itself as a key player in the Salesfor…,"Paris – 8 February 2024. European digital services group SQLI announces the acquisition of Levana  an independent French agency founded in 2017. With a team of 70 employees  Levana has established itself as a key player in the Salesforce ecosystem  the global leader in customer relationship management solutions. After four years focused on accelerating sales momentum and strengthening its operating model  SQLI makes its first targeted acquisition to support its growth ambitions.Recognized as a Salesforce ""Summit Partner"" since 2021  Levana offers a complete range of services  from strategic consulting to solution implementation and application maintenance. Levana has more than 250 certifications in the various Salesforce Clouds  including Marketing Cloud  Revenue Cloud and Core (Sales  Service  and Experience).This operation will enable the SQLI group to strengthen its e-commerce and digital experience platform integration capabilities. A long-standing partner of SAP  Microsoft and Adobe in these fields  SQLI is extending its expertise to Salesforce  in order to support its customers in their digital transformation needs.This operation is in line with the SQLI group's announced intention to make targeted acquisitions in its market.Philippe Donche-Gay  Chairman and CEO of SQLI  comments: “I'm delighted to be back on the path of external growth for SQLI and to welcome Levana's talents to the group. Its management team has demonstrated its talent in recent years  and with their skills we will be able to consolidate our position in the customer experience platform market.”Abel Attias  Chairman of Levana  added: “With its presence in multiple countries and its development center in Morocco  SQLI represents for Levana the opportunity to pursue its path of growth and innovation.”About SQLI : Founded in 1990  SQLI is a European digital services group that supports major international brands in creating value through Digital. Its creative and technical teams are committed to providing customers  consumers  and users with new and engaging experiences based on the best technologies and methodologies  as well as their skills and convictions. They design  develop  and deploy strong and effective architectures that improve companies' agility  increase their efficiency  and promote their growth. SQLI's 2 100 employees are spread over 13 countries: France  Switzerland  Luxembourg  Belgium  the United Kingdom  Germany  Sweden  the Netherlands  Denmark  Spain  Morocco  Mauritius  and Dubai. In 2022  the SQLI group generated revenues of €246m. SQLI has been listed on Euronext Paris (SQI) since 21 July 2000.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m5qakpeZamqcnnFulpubbWppZm1plJXJmZWaxGNpZ5nJm5xkmphob5WcZnFllmht- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢Â€Â¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84137-sqli_com_cp-levana_eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE MANAGEMENT', 'SQLI STRENGTHENS', 'POSITION', 'ACQUISITION', 'LEVANA', 'February', '03:50', 'digital experience platform integration capabilities', 'customer relationship management solutions', 'customer experience platform market', 'European digital services group', 'digital transformation needs', 'independent French agency', 'major international brands', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'various Salesforce Clouds', 'Salesforce ""Summit Partner', 'first targeted acquisition', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'standing partner', 'management team', 'Salesforce ecosystem', 'global leader', 'four years', 'operating model', 'complete range', 'strategic consulting', 'solution implementation', 'application maintenance', 'Marketing Cloud', 'Revenue Cloud', 'targeted acquisitions', 'Philippe Donche-Gay', 'recent years', 'Abel Attias', 'development center', 'technical teams', 'engaging experiences', 'best technologies', 'effective architectures', ""companies' agility"", 'United Kingdom', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'key player', 'SQLI group', 'growth ambitions', 'external growth', 'multiple countries', 'Euronext Paris', 'sales momentum', '13 countries', 'salesÃ', '8 February', 'Levana', '70 employees', '250 certifications', 'Core', 'operation', 'e-commerce', 'long', 'SAP', 'Microsoft', 'Adobe', 'fields', 'expertise', 'order', 'customers', 'line', 'intention', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'path', 'talents', 'skills', 'position', 'presence', 'Morocco', 'opportunity', 'innovation', 'value', 'creative', 'consumers', 'users', 'methodologies', 'convictions', 'strong', 'efficiency', '2,100 employees', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'Luxembourg', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Sweden', 'Netherlands', 'Denmark', 'Spain', 'Mauritius', 'Dubai', 'revenues', 'SQI', '21 July', 'publication', 'm5qakpeZamqcnnFulpubbWppZm1plJXJmZWaxGNpZ5nJm5xkmphob5WcZnFllmht', 'issuer', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', 'company', '2024']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35968,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATARI-S-A-2168735/news/Atari-Sets-Celebrity-Game-Show-in-Motion-45914123/,Atari Sets Celebrity Game Show in Motion,(marketscreener.com) The Pop-Culture Gaming Brand Will Feature in a New Game Show from Executive Producers Jay Blumenfield and Tony MarshNEW YORK  Feb. 08  2024 -- Atari — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers …,The Pop-Culture Gaming Brand Will Feature in a New Game Show from Executive Producers Jay Blumenfield and Tony MarshNEW YORK  Feb. 08  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Atari — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — today announced the company has enlisted executive producers Jay Blumenfield and Tony Marsh to create a game show  tentatively titled The Great Atari Celebrity Showdown.“Atari has remained a widely recognized and loved brand in pop culture for over 50 years  so it is no surprise that many celebrities have a strong connection to the brand ” said Wade Rosen  Chairman and CEO of Atari. “I look forward to seeing them share their personal stories and compete in a fun  game-show setting.”Blumenfield and Marsh have executive produced such series as The Chelsea Handler Show (E!)  Here Comes The Newlyweds (ABC)  Stakeout (Food Network)  Gigolos (Showtime)  and Tournament of Laughs (TBS).“We’re beyond excited to partner with Atari to bring you the ultimate celebrity game show  with all the drama  comedy  and nostalgia that comes with it. This show celebrates the history of gaming  the culture of entertainment  and the joy of competing like we’re kids -- it's one the whole family won’t want to miss!” said Blumenfield.“It’s going to be amazing! You’ll get to watch celebrities do something they rarely ever get to do – which is actually have fun. And sometimes a walk down memory lane is just what we need to keep our sanity in this crazy world ” added Marsh.Atari played a pioneering role in the development of the arcade game  game console  and personal computer industries. Atari’s iconic games  including Pong®  Asteroids®  Centipede®  and Missile Command®  have been played by hundreds of millions of unique users over the years  while the brand continues to bring joy to gamers with its expanding portfolio of PC  console  and mobile games.About AtariAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment  and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA) and OTC Pink Current (Ticker PONGF).©2024 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.PRESS CONTACTSIAG Media ContactBrad Turellbturell@independentartistgroup.comAtariJessica Timms and Brett BurenÜberStrategist Inc.pr@uberstrategist.com1-646-844-8388,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,positive,0.84,0.14,0.02,True,English,"['Celebrity Game Show', 'Atari', 'Motion', 'The Pop-Culture Gaming Brand Will', 'The Chelsea Handler Show', 'Great Atari Celebrity Showdown', 'ultimate celebrity game show', 'iconic gaming industry brand', 'Executive Producers Jay Blumenfield', 'OTC Pink Current', 'IAG Media Contact', 'iconic consumer brands', 'personal computer industries', 'fun, game-show setting', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'New Game Show', 'interactive entertainment company', 'The Newlyweds', 'iconic games', 'arcade game', 'personal stories', 'world-renowned brands', 'NEW YORK', 'game console', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'strong connection', 'Wade Rosen', 'Food Network', 'memory lane', 'pioneering role', 'Missile Command', 'unique users', 'mobile games', 'licensed products', '200 unique games', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ALATA', 'Ticker PONGF', 'PRESS CONTACTS', 'Brad Turell', 'Jessica Timms', 'Brett Buren', 'ÜberStrategist Inc.', '2024 Atari Interactive', 'Tony Marsh', 'pop culture', 'many celebrities', 'crazy world', 'expanding portfolio', 'Atari shares', 'Atari wordmark', '50 years', 'surprise', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'series', 'ABC', 'Stakeout', 'Gigolos', 'Showtime', 'Tournament', 'Laughs', 'TBS', 'drama', 'comedy', 'nostalgia', 'history', 'joy', 'kids', 'family', 'something', 'walk', 'sanity', 'development', 'Pong®', 'Asteroids', 'Centipede', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'gamers', 'PC', 'generations', 'audiences', 'franchises', 'offices', 'France', 'logo', 'trademarks', 'bturell', 'independentartistgroup', 'uberstrategist']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35969,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825691/0/en/Nicox-and-Kowa-Enter-into-Agreement-for-NCX-470-Development-and-Commercialization-in-Japan.html,Nicox and Kowa Enter into Agreement for NCX 470 Development and Commercialization in Japan,Press Release Nicox and Kowa Enter into Agreement for NCX 470 Development and Commercialization in Japan  €3 million upfront payment and a total of a......,€3 million upfront payment and a total of a further potential €27.5 million in milestonesTiered royalties on net sales of 7% to 12%Kowa to be responsible for all development and commercialization costs for NCX 470 in JapanUpfront payment extends Nicox cash runway to September 2024February 8  2024 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced the signature of an agreement granting Kowa Company  Ltd.  a Japanese company with a global pharmaceutical business engaged in ground-breaking research  development and marketing  exclusive Japanese rights to develop and commercialize NCX 470  Nicox’s nitric oxide (NO)-donating bimatoprost eye drop  for the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension.“We are very pleased to welcome Kowa as an exclusive partner for our lead asset  NCX 470  for the Japanese market. The interest of such an established ophthalmology player confirms the scientific and commercial opportunity for NCX 470 specifically for Japanese patients.” said Emmet Purtill  Vice President of Business Development at Nicox. “Japan represents one of the largest regional markets for ophthalmic therapeutics and therefore this collaboration significantly strengthens the global potential revenue for NCX 470  which we estimate to be over $300 million in peak annual net sales.”Terms of the Exclusive License AgreementUnder the terms of the exclusive licensing agreement  Kowa has the rights to develop and commercialize NCX 470 in Japan. Kowa shall make a non-refundable upfront payment of €3 million to Nicox  with a further potential €10 million in development and regulatory milestones  €17.5 million in sales milestones and tiered royalties from 7% to 12% on net sales. Kowa shall be responsible for all development  regulatory and commercialization costs for NCX 470 in Japan.The collaboration will be managed by a Joint Steering Committee. Kowa expects to conduct additional clinical trials in Japanese patients as required for regulatory approval of NCX 470 in Japan in addition to the development data from Nicox.Nicox Corporate Status UpdateIncluding the upfront payment from the Japanese licensing deal for NCX 470  the Company estimates it is currently funded until September 2024  exclusively based on the development of NCX 470. The Company is pursuing business development discussions which could further extend the cash runway  exploring multiple strategic options and is also discussing with its creditors to restructure its debt.About NCX 470NCX 470  a novel NO-donating bimatoprost eye drop  is currently in Phase 3 clinical development for the lowering of IOP in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Results of Mont Blanc  the first of the two Phase 3 clinical trials  were announced in October 2022. The second Phase 3 clinical trial  Denali  is currently ongoing  and the results are expected in 2025  based on current recruitment rates. Mont Blanc and Denali have been designed to fulfill the regulatory requirements for safety and efficacy Phase 3 trials to support NDA submissions in both the U.S. and in China  where NCX 470 is exclusively licensed to Ocumension Therapeutics. In addition to the Japanese and Chinese licensees for NCX 470  Nicox is also looking for a commercial partner in the United States.NCX 470 is protected worldwide by a composition of matter patent until 2029  with potential extension of up to 5 years in the U.S. and Europe  and by a patent covering the eye drops formulation until 2039 in the U.S.  EU  Japan and China as well as other territories.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['NCX 470 Development', 'Nicox', 'Kowa', 'Agreement', 'Commercialization', 'Japan', 'novel NO-donating bimatoprost eye drop', 'second Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Nicox Corporate Status Update', 'two Phase 3 clinical trials', 'peak annual net sales', 'eye drops formulation', 'additional clinical trials', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'largest regional markets', 'Joint Steering Committee', 'multiple strategic options', 'current recruitment rates', 'up to 5 years', 'global pharmaceutical business', 'Phase 3 clinical development', 'Japanese licensing deal', 'Exclusive License Agreement', 'exclusive licensing agreement', '3 million upfront payment', 'global potential revenue', 'refundable upfront payment', 'international ophthalmology company', 'business development discussions', 'exclusive Japanese rights', 'Nicox cash runway', 'Phase 3 trials', 'exclusive partner', 'ophthalmology player', 'sales milestones', 'Japanese company', 'Japanese market', 'commercialization costs', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'ground-breaking research', 'nitric oxide', 'intraocular pressure', 'ocular hypertension', 'lead asset', 'commercial opportunity', 'Emmet Purtill', 'Vice President', 'ophthalmic therapeutics', 'regulatory approval', 'The Company', 'Mont Blanc', 'regulatory requirements', 'NDA submissions', 'U.S.', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'Chinese licensees', 'commercial partner', 'United States', 'potential extension', 'other territories', 'development, regulatory', 'development data', 'Nicox SA', 'regulatory milestones', 'Japanese patients', 'tiered royalties', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'matter patent', 'Kowa Company', 'total', 'NCX', 'September', 'February', 'release', 'CET', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'signature', 'Ltd.', 'lowering', 'IOP', 'interest', 'scientific', 'collaboration', 'Terms', 'creditors', 'debt', 'Results', 'October', 'Denali', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'China', 'composition', 'Europe', '7:30']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35970,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALLOUREC-444831/news/Vallourec-Secures-Significant-Purchase-Order-from-Wintershall-Dea-for-Premium-Tubular-Solutions-in-45909740/,Vallourec Secures Significant Purchase Order from Wintershall Dea for Premium Tubular Solutions in the North Sea,(marketscreener.com) Vallourec Secures Significant Purchase Order from Wintershall Dea for Premium Tubular Solutions in the North Sea Meudon   8 February 2024 – Vallourec  a world leader in premium steel tubular solutions  announces it has been awarded a purc…,Vallourec Secures Significant Purchase Order from Wintershall Dea for Premium Tubular Solutions in the North SeaMeudon (France)  8 February 2024 – Vallourec  a world leader in premium steel tubular solutions  announces it has been awarded a purchase order for the supply of premium OCTG solutions with the German company Wintershall Dea as part of the long-standing partnership between the two companies.The order includes nearly 3 000 tonnes of pipes  including a large volume of high-end CRA material (corrosion resistant alloy)  connections  accessories  and associated services  for the Dvalin North deepwater gas development project in the Norwegian North Sea.Vallourec's contribution to the Dvalin North project involves the supply of its best-in-class VAM® 21 connections featuring the environmentally-friendly CLEANWELL® dope-free solution. Additionally  the scope of services extends to pipe preparation and reconditioning  along with comprehensive stock management.Production and threading will be done at Vallourec's plants in Brazil and France during 2024  with delivery to occur by year-end.Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer  commented: “We are delighted to be providing Wintershall Dea with our cutting-edge technology and our environmentally friendly CLEANWELL® solution  which will reduce the total cost of the project and contribute to smooth and safe operations. The Dvalin North gas field is one of the most significant development projects on the Norwegian Shelf over the next few years  and we are pleased to have been selected to support the project’s execution. Vallourec is also supporting other major projects for Winteshall Dea such as the Maria Development and the Luna and Havstjerne CCS licenses. With this new order  we are not only strengthening this solid partnership  but also demonstrating Vallourec’s ability to deliver highly technical solutions across the world.”About VallourecVallourec provides benchmark tubular solutions for the energy sector and for some of the most demanding industrial applications. Its offer ranges from oil and gas wells in extreme conditions to high-performance mechanical equipment  as well as solutions for the hydrogen  CCUS (Carbon Capture  Utilization and Storage)  geothermal and solar energy markets.Listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec features on the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for the Service de Règlement Différé (SRD  “Deferred Settlement Service”).In the United States  Vallourec has set up a sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programme (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). The parity rate between the ADR and an ordinary Vallourec share is 5 to 1.For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsConnor LynaghTel: +1 (713) 409-7842connor.lynagh@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel.: +33 (0)6 45 45 19 67heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholder relationsToll-free number: 0 805 65 10 10actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,positive,0.96,0.03,0.01,True,English,"['Significant Purchase Order', 'Premium Tubular Solutions', 'Wintershall Dea', 'North Sea', 'Vallourec', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programme', 'Dvalin North deepwater gas development project', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'The Dvalin North gas field', 'environmentally-friendly CLEANWELL® dope-free solution', 'environmentally friendly CLEANWELL® solution', 'Règlement Différé', 'premium steel tubular solutions', 'Dvalin North project', 'significant development projects', 'Premium Tubular Solutions', 'premium OCTG solutions', 'high-end CRA material', 'corrosion resistant alloy', 'comprehensive stock management', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'other major projects', 'Havstjerne CCS licenses', 'benchmark tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'Norwegian North Sea', 'solar energy markets', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Individual shareholder relations', 'Significant Purchase Order', 'ordinary Vallourec share', 'gas wells', 'Maria Development', 'technical solutions', 'Norwegian Shelf', 'energy sector', 'Service de', 'Investor Relations', 'Press relations', 'Wintershall Dea', 'German company', 'standing partnership', 'two companies', 'large volume', 'pipe preparation', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'cutting-edge technology', 'total cost', 'safe operations', 'Winteshall Dea', 'new order', 'solid partnership', 'extreme conditions', 'Carbon Capture', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'United States', 'parity rate', 'Toll-free number', 'world leader', 'associated services', 'VAM® 21 connections', 'Ticker VK', 'Next 150 indices', 'Connor Lynagh', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Meudon', 'France', 'supply', 'long', '3,000 tonnes', 'pipes', 'accessories', 'contribution', 'class', 'scope', 'reconditioning', 'Production', 'threading', 'plants', 'Brazil', 'delivery', 'year-end', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'smooth', 'years', 'execution', 'Luna', 'ability', 'offer', 'ranges', 'oil', 'hydrogen', 'CCUS', 'Utilization', 'Storage', 'geothermal', 'SBF', 'SRD', 'VLOWY', 'information', 'Tel.', 'heloise', 'rothenbuhler', 'actionnaires', 'Attachment', '6']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35971,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLYMPIQUE-LYONNAIS-GROUPE-42519/news/Olympique-Lyonnais-Groupe-Sale-of-a-majority-stake-in-Olympique-Lyonnais-Feminin-to-Michele-Ka-45916033/,Olympique Lyonnais Groupe : Sale of a majority stake in Olympique Lyonnais Feminin to Michele Kang -February 08  2024 at 12:05 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  SALE OF A MAJORITY STAKE IN OLYMPIQUE LYONNAIS FEMININ TO MICHELE KANGJoint press release OL Groupe – Michele KangLyon and Washington DC   8 February 2024 – 6 p.m.OL Groupe is pleased to announce the completion on this date of the s…,"SALE OF A MAJORITY STAKE IN OLYMPIQUE LYONNAIS FEMININ TO MICHELE KANGJoint press release OL Groupe – Michele KangLyon (France) and Washington DC (USA)  8 February 2024 – 6 p.m.OL Groupe is pleased to announce the completion on this date of the sale to Michele Kang (through her acquisition vehicle YMK Holdings  LLC) of 52.91% of the capital and voting rights of Olympique Lyonnais Féminin SAS (""OLF"")  holding the Olympique Lyonnais women's professional team  by way of purchase of a shareholding in OLF from SASU Olympique Lyonnais and Association Olympique Lyonnais.Michele Kang  appointed as president of OLF on 19 December 2023  will be maintained in such functions and manage OLF with Vincent Ponsot  CEO. The OL group will benefit from minority representation on OLF's Board of Directors.This transaction follows the agreement reached on May 16  2023 between OL Groupe and Michele Kang[1]  the parties wishing to favour a direct investment by Michele Kang within OLF  replacing a common investment in a global multi-team platform as initially envisaged.As part of this transaction  OLF will benefit from the ""Olympique Lyonnais"" trademarks for a period of at least 50 years as well as from certain services provided by OL Groupe and its subsidiaries (including in particular the use of Groupama Stadium and Groupama OL Training Center). OLF will continue to benefit from the affiliation number with the Fédération Française de Football held by the Association Olympique Lyonnais pursuant to an agreement dated August 10  2023 approved by the Rhone prefecture  and has undertaken to finance the women's section of the OL Academy which will remain part of the Association Olympique Lyonnais.First-of-a-kind transaction for a French mixed soccer club  the deal aims to foster the full and independent development of the Olympique Lyonnais women's team  who holds 16 French D1 Arkema championship titles and 8 Women's Champions League title.“I am honored to complete this transaction and carry the legacy of Olympique Lyonnais Féminin forward ” said Michele Kang. “I can only hope that the ambition and support I provide matches that of the club's staff  players and fans. I also want to express my appreciation for everyone at the OL Groupe for the collaboration on the project so far and for the years—and hopefully trophies—to come.”“On behalf of all of our family at Olympique Lyonnais  I am thrilled to formally welcome Michele Kang as majority owner  and as our leading partner  in the global advancement of OL Feminin. Michele is already a great partner of OL  and now she has our complete confidence to pursue an ambitious agenda in support of the #1 women's football club in the world”  added John Textor.In parallel  the Group is pursuing its project to sell its stake in OL Reign (renamed Seattle Reign FC) and will communicate in due course on this matter.Phone : +33 4 81 07 55 00Fax : +33 4 81 07 45 65Email : investisseurs@ol.frwww.ol.frEuronext Paris - compartment CIndices : CAC Small - CAC Mid & Small - CAC All–Tradable - CAC All-Share – CAC Consumer DiscretionaryCode ISIN : FR0010428771Reuters : OLG.PABloomberg : OLG FPICB : 40501030 Services de loisirs[1] See the Company's press release dated May 16  2023.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yp1wkclul27Fy5tvlZaYaZNmmW9qm2XHaJLIxWJqlsrFb5tmlW6TaJnJZnFllmpp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84153-ol-feminin-pr-eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.02,True,English,"['Olympique Lyonnais Groupe', 'Olympique Lyonnais Feminin', 'majority stake', 'Michele Kang', 'Sale', 'February', '12:05', 'Fédération Française de Football', '16 French D1 Arkema championship titles', 'Olympique Lyonnais Féminin SAS', 'French mixed soccer club', 'Groupama OL Training Center', 'SASU Olympique Lyonnais', 'Association Olympique Lyonnais', 'Olympique Lyonnais"" trademarks', 'Champions League title', 'OLYMPIQUE LYONNAIS FEMININ', 'global multi-team platform', 'Seattle Reign FC', 'OLG FP ICB', 'Joint press release', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'Olympique Lyonnais women', 'A MAJORITY STAKE', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'The OL group', 'football club', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', '40501030 Services de', 'Groupama Stadium', 'majority owner', 'global advancement', 'OL Feminin', 'OL Reign', 'OLG.PA', 'other releases', 'OL Groupe', 'Washington DC', 'acquisition vehicle', 'YMK Holdings', 'voting rights', 'Vincent Ponsot', 'minority representation', 'direct investment', 'common investment', 'affiliation number', 'Rhone prefecture', 'OL Academy', 'independent development', 'leading partner', 'great partner', 'complete confidence', 'ambitious agenda', 'John Textor', 'due course', 'Euronext Paris', 'compartment C', 'Code ISIN', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'MICHELE KANG', 'professional team', 'ol.fr', 'kind transaction', 'CAC Consumer', '8 Women', 'SALE', 'France', 'USA', '8 February', 'completion', 'date', 'capital', 'OLF', 'way', 'purchase', 'shareholding', 'president', '19 December', 'functions', 'CEO', 'Board', 'Directors', 'agreement', 'May', 'parties', 'period', '50 years', 'subsidiaries', 'use', 'section', 'deal', 'full', 'legacy', 'ambition', 'support', 'matches', 'staff', 'players', 'fans', 'appreciation', 'everyone', 'collaboration', 'project', 'trophies', 'behalf', 'family', 'world', 'parallel', 'matter', 'Phone', 'Fax', 'Email', 'investisseurs', 'Indices', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'loisirs', 'Company', 'publication', 'yp1wkclul27Fy5tvlZaYaZNmmW9qm2XHaJLIxWJqlsrFb5tmlW6TaJnJZnFllmpp', 'PDF', 'feminin-pr', 'eng', '81', '2024']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35972,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2826291/0/en/AKWEL-annual-turnover-for-2023-up-by-7-9.html,AKWEL: annual turnover for 2023 up by +7.9%,Thursday  February 8  2024  ANNUAL TURNOVER FOR 2023 UP BY +7.9%  AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  parts and systems manufacturer for...,Thursday  February 8  2024ANNUAL TURNOVER FOR 2023 UP BY +7.9%AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  parts and systems manufacturer for the automotive and heavy-vehicle industry  specialist in fluid management  mechanisms and structural parts for electric vehicles  has recorded a consolidated turnover of €1 066.4M for 2023.Consolidated turnoverin €m — unaudited 2023 2022 Variation PCC variation (1) 1st quarter 274.6 245.8 +11.7% +10.9% 2nd quarter 271.2 242.3 +12.0% +13.6% 3rd quarter 253.1 251.1 +0.8% +4.6% Nine-month total 799.0 739.2 +8.1% +9.6% Nine-month report published 781.9 739.2 +5.8% +12.3% 4th quarter 267.4 249.4 +7.2% +9.4% Twelve-month total 1 066.4 988.5 +7.9% +9.6%(1) At constant scope and exchange rates.Results for the Turkish subsidiaries will henceforth be consolidated with the euro as the functional currency. The turnover for each quarter in 2023 has been reprocessed accordingly in the table above.The Group recorded a turnover of €267.4M in the fourth quarter of financial year 2023  an increase of +7.2% as reported and +9.4% at constant scope and exchange rates.At constant scope and exchange rates  annual turnover was up by +9.6%  in line with forecasts released by the Group.In terms of business activity  the Air intake (+26.3%)  Washer systems (+17.3%) and Cooling (+9.6%) product lines were the strongest drivers in 2023.Net cash excluding lease obligations grew reached €118.3M by year-end.A growth in business activity  as well as the Group’s ability to gradually pass on some of the cost increases it has faced  lend credence to a growth in current operating income in 2023 compared to 2022. However  costs relating to industrial restructuring in France along with the closure of the Gournay-en-Bray site are expected to take a toll on operating and net income.Based on forecasts of stable global automotive production  AKWEL currently anticipates a similar level of business activity in 2024 to that of 2023.An independent family business  trading on Euronext Paris  AKWEL is a parts and systems manufacturer for the automotive and heavy-vehicle industry  and a specialist in fluid management  mechanisms and structural parts for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this with their first-rate industrial and technological know-how in mastering the application and processing of materials (plastic  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Working in 21 countries across 5 continents  AKWEL employs 9500 workers worldwide.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['annual turnover', 'AKWEL', 'stable global automotive production', 'independent family business', 'current operating income', 'net income', 'business activity', 'systems manufacturer', 'heavy-vehicle industry', 'fluid management', 'electric vehicles', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', 'Turkish subsidiaries', 'functional currency', 'financial year', 'Air intake', 'Washer systems', 'product lines', 'strongest drivers', 'Net cash', 'lease obligations', 'cost increases', 'industrial restructuring', 'Bray site', 'similar level', 'Euronext Paris', 'first-rate industrial', 'technological know-how', 'mechatronic integration', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'ANNUAL TURNOVER', 'consolidated turnover', 'structural parts', 'PCC variation', 'Nine-month report', 'The Group', 'Thursday', 'February', 'AKWEL', 'PEA', 'specialist', 'mechanisms', 'Twelve-month', 'Results', 'forecasts', 'terms', 'Cooling', 'year-end', 'growth', 'ability', 'credence', 'costs', 'France', 'closure', 'toll', 'application', 'processing', 'materials', 'rubber', 'metal', '21 countries', '5 continents', '9500 workers', 'Attachment', '2023']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35973,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WALLIX-GROUP-22497377/news/Wallix-Group-Further-Acceleration-in-Recurring-Business-Growth-with-Turnover-in-Excess-of-EUR-45916729/,Wallix Group : Further Acceleration in Recurring Business Growth  with Turnover in Excess of EUR 30 Million in 2023. -February 08  2024 at 02:20 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Monthly recurring revenue up 32.9% at year-end 2023;Full-year 2023 turnover of €30.2 million;Portfolio of nearly 3 000 active contracts at December 31  2023 and 95% retention rate;Enhancement of the SaaS offering and new sales orga…,"Monthly recurring revenue (MRR) up 32.9% at year-end 2023;Full-year 2023 turnover of €30.2 million;Portfolio of nearly 3 000 active contracts at December 31  2023 (+29%) and 95% retention rate;Enhancement of the SaaS offering and new sales organization to promote new business and up market;Confirmation of recurring business growth trajectory to reach operating breakeven in 2024.Paris  February 8  2024 - WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software developer and expert in privileged access management (PAM)  announces its full-year 2023 turnover.Unaudited data  €000 31/03/2023 30/06/2023 30/09/2023 31/12/2023 Monthly recurring revenue 1 287 1 415 1 550 1 641 Change over 12 months +26.4% +26.1% +32.6% +32.9%Jean-Noël de Galzain  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of WALLIX Group  said: “2023 was a momentous year for WALLIX   during which we finalized the reorganization of our sales and marketing teams and finished laying the foundations for our future growth  bringing the investment phase of our Unicorn 25 plan to a close. This was all achieved while maintaining strong sales growth momentum in excess of 29%.We now boast a portfolio of technological solutions recognized as market leaders by the world's major consulting firms. We have established a robust network of VARs and VADs in 90 countries and strengthened our strategic partnerships for deployment in both IT environments  with Bastion  and in operational environments  with OT.security by WALLIX.The launch of the WALLIX One platform this year will enable us to support the growth of digital practices among our clients  with a SaaS platform that brings together all of our solutions  providing an even better response to the demands of companies look ing for savings  operational efficiency and simplicity. This new offering is fully in line with our strategy of focusing on recurring business  which now accounts for 65% of our revenues  compared with 52% at the start of the Unicorn 25 plan. Our ability to satisfy and retain our clients   and the development of innovative new offers  constitute the foundations of our future growth.We are approaching 2024 with optimized organization at all levels in order to continue increasing our market share in PAM  IAM and OT.security. We are structured to better support our reseller and integrator networks in the deployment of solutions to clients of all sizes  and to better cover the additional needs of our existing clients. Within an uncertain macroeconomic environment  we are confident in our ability to maintain high growth rates in recurring business and to achieve operating breakeven in 2024.With the implementation of the NIS 2 directive in October 2024  the need for cybersecurity solutions adapted to the security of digital environments (IT) and industrial networks (OT) will increase  particularly in regulated sectors. This year is therefore set to be particularly intense in terms of new projects in a segment that already accounted for over 14% of our order intake in 2023  two years after the launch of our OT.Security brand. WALLIX is well positioned to fully support the digital transformation of our cities  hospitals  buildings  plants and all businesses seeking to make their activities both more user-friendly and more resilient in the face of cyber risks.”Accelerated growth in recurring revenue  solid business growth maintainedAt December 31  2023  monthly recurring revenue (MRR) amounted to €1.6 million  with growth continuing to accelerate  up 32.9% compared with the previous year.On an annual basis  recurring business amounted to €19.7 million as of December 31  2023  representing 65.2% of 2023 consolidated turnover  up 6.3 percentage points over one year.Hypergrowth achieved across all strategic regions:Unaudited data (€000) 31 December 2022 31 December 2023 Change France 760 989 +30.1% EMEA excl. France 439 617 +40.6% Outside EMEA 36 36 -1.1% Total MRR 1 235 1 641 +32.9%In France  MRR rose 30.1% over the year. ARR represented 62.9% of 2023 turnover  up 5.9 percentage points year-on-year. Sales momentum largely remained brisk among small and medium-sized businesses  particularly in the most sensitive sectors such as healthcare and industry.The Europe  Middle East  Africa (EMEA) segment  excluding France  remained buoyant  driving MRR growth with an increase of 40.6%. ARR accounted for 69.7% of 2023 turnover  up 6.1 percentage points year-on-year. The Middle East-Africa region  the second largest after France  delivered an excellent performance  driven in particular by the success of the Group's OT solutions.Business outside EMEA remains insignificant for the time being (2% of MRR).Consolidated turnover at December 31  2023 totaled €30.2 million  up 19.9%. The Group has therefore demonstrated its ability to maintain a solid base of license sales to existing clients  while increasing subscription revenue by winning new clients. Consolidated since May 16  2023  Kleverware contributed turnover of €0.5 million for the 2023 financial year.Over the year as a whole  the pace of business acquisition remained very brisk  with the number of active contracts up 29% and 656 contracts won during the year. At December 31  2023  the Group held a portfolio of over 2 900 active contracts  with a retention rate of over 95%.Launch of the second phase of the Unicorn 25 plan and confirmation of a return to profitability in 20242023 was marked by significant growth in new client contracts in France and abroad  with strong momentum in cybersecurity projects in healthcare  sensitive sectors and companies with assets or industrial resources requiring protection due to their inter-connectedness with IT networks or the cloud.It was also a pivotal year in the Group's development  with the reorganization of the sales and marketing teams and significant enhancement of its technological solutions  now extended to Identity and Access Governance following the acquisition of Kleverware.The reorganization of the sales and marketing teams has allowed for the adoption of a more efficient “three-tier” model  better suited to client size and partner requirements  aligning all departments involved in revenue generation around shared objectives. Priority is given to the deployment of solutions and services that generate recurring revenue and to enhancing the value of the client base through the sale of additional products (up-selling and cross-selling). To achieve these objectives  the Group will continue to rely on its network of over 300 partners worldwide and will focus its sales efforts on its core segment of medium-sized companies and key accounts by favoring a “Land and Expand” strategy  consisting of growing the client base and expanding the use of services among clients (number of users  new functions  geographical areas  etc.).The launch of the WALLIX One SaaS platform in January 2024 was fully in line with the Group's business strategy by facilitating access to IAM and PAM solutions within organizations  particularly in the SME segment  and among major groups' subcontractors  who represent a weak link requiring protection. By offering all of its Identity and Access Management and Compliance Governance solutions in SaaS  via a single point of access  WALLIX One is responding to the economic and digital challenges of companies seeking simplification and flexibility to protect their digital environments and interconnect them with networks and industrial systems. The roll-out of WALLIX One will also boost the Company's recurring revenue.WALLIX is entering a phase in which the investments made during the first stage of the Unicorn 25 strategic plan in 2022 and 2023 will pay off. With nearly 3 000 active contracts  a retention rate of over 95%  the ramp-up of subscriptions and continued solid momentum in the licensing segment  WALLIX is well positioned to maintain hypergrowth rates in recurring business and achieve operating breakeven in 2024.Next publication: Full-year 2023 results  March 21  2024ABOUT WALLIXWALLIX is a European cybersecurity software developer and world leader in the Identity and Access Management market. With a strategy based on innovation and agility  WALLIX's mission is to simplify cybersecurity for its clients worldwide. The WALLIX range of solutions is distributed by a network of over 300 resellers and integrators worldwide  and WALLIX supports nearly 3 000 organizations across more than 90 countries in securing their digital transformation.The company is listed on Euronext (ALLIX). The founders and managers  as well as the investment structure Thierry Dassault Holding  are the historical reference shareholders.OT.security by WALLIX is a brand dedicated to the security of digital access and identities in industrial environments.WALLIX affirms its digital responsibility and is committed to contributing to the construction of a trusted European digital space  guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of data for organizations  as well as for individuals concerned about the protection of their digital identity and privacy. Digital technology  whether for professional or personal use  must be ethical and responsible in order to pursue a secure societal digital transformation that respects individual freedoms.www.WALLIX.com | info@WALLIX.comFINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONACTUS Finance & CommunicationInvestor Relations - Hélène de Watteville+33 1 53 67 36 33 / wallix@actus.frPress Relations - Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt+33 6 24 03 26 52 / acdudicourt@actus.frAPPENDIX: GEOGRAPHICAL BREAKDOWN OF TURNOVERIn €000 2022 2023 Change France 16 008 18 860 +17.8% EMEA excl. France 8 277 10 628 +28.4% Outside EMEA 894 690 -22.8% Total turnover 25 179 30 178 +19.9%This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yW5rlZqZZ2uamp9pYctpnJJpmGZoxpaVaJeeyWKbZpeamZqUlJdna5XIZnFllmpv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84159-ca-2023-vdefeng_en-revue.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,positive,0.62,0.37,0.02,True,English,"['Recurring Business Growth', 'Wallix Group', 'Further Acceleration', 'Turnover', 'Excess', 'February', '02:20', 'Jean-Noël de Galzain', 'European cybersecurity software developer', 'The Middle East-Africa region', 'strong sales growth momentum', 'recurring business growth trajectory', 'privileged access management', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'major consulting firms', 'uncertain macroeconomic environment', 'innovative new offers', 'high growth rates', 'Monthly recurring revenue', 'solid business growth', 'new sales organization', 'WALLIX One platform', 'Sales momentum', 'The Europe', 'new business', 'cybersecurity solutions', 'subscription revenue', 'SaaS platform', 'solid base', 'license sales', 'new offering', 'new projects', 'The Group', 'future growth', '3,000 active contracts', '95% retention rate', 'SaaS offering', 'operating breakeven', 'Euronext ALLIX', 'Unaudited data', 'marketing teams', 'investment phase', 'Unicorn 25 plan', 'robust network', 'strategic partnerships', 'operational environments', 'digital practices', 'operational efficiency', 'integrator networks', 'additional needs', 'NIS 2 directive', 'digital environments', 'industrial networks', 'regulated sectors', 'digital transformation', 'cyber risks', 'annual basis', 'one year', 'strategic regions', 'sensitive sectors', 'excellent performance', 'new clients', 'Security brand', 'market leaders', 'market share', 'MRR growth', 'technological solutions', 'Full-year 2023 turnover', '2023 consolidated turnover', 'momentous year', 'IT environments', 'existing clients', 'order intake', 'previous year', 'medium-sized businesses', '2023 financial year', 'OT.security', 'Total MRR', 'OT solutions', 'WALLIX Group', 'EMEA) segment', 'Change France', 'year-end', 'Portfolio', 'December', 'Enhancement', 'Confirmation', 'Paris', 'February', 'expert', 'PAM', '12 months', 'Chairman', 'reorganization', 'foundations', 'excess', 'world', 'VARs', 'VADs', '90 countries', 'deployment', 'Bastion', 'launch', 'response', 'demands', 'companies', 'savings', 'simplicity', 'line', 'strategy', 'revenues', 'start', 'ability', 'development', 'levels', 'IAM', 'reseller', 'sizes', 'implementation', 'October', 'terms', 'cities', 'hospitals', 'buildings', 'plants', 'activities', 'face', 'Hypergrowth', 'ARR', 'small', 'healthcare', 'industry', 'increase', 'success', 'time', 'May', 'Kleverware', 'pace', '31']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35974,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOTALENERGIES-SE-4717/news/TotalEnergies-Indicative-Dates-for-2024-and-2025-Dividends-45909963/,TotalEnergies: Indicative Dates for 2024 and 2025 Dividends -February 08  2024 at 02:32 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:TotalEnergies :The Board of Directors met on February 6  2024  and recalled  subject to decisions by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Meeting which will approve the 2024 financial statements  allocation …,Regulatory News:TotalEnergies (Paris:TTE) (LSE:TTE) (NYSE:TTE):The Board of Directors met on February 6  2024  and recalled  subject to decisions by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Meeting which will approve the 2024 financial statements  allocation of earnings and final dividend  the ex-dividend dates for 2024 and decided the payment dates related to the interim and the final dividends for 2024.The Board of Directors also decided  subject to decisions by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Meeting which will approve the 2025 financial statements  allocation of earnings and final dividend  the ex-dividend dates and payment dates of the interim and the final dividends for 2025.2024 dividendsType of coupon Ex-dividend dates Payment dates First interim September 25  2024 October 1  2024 Second interim January 2  2025 January 6  2025 Third interim March 26  2025 April 1  2025 Final June 19  2025 July 1  20252025 dividendsType of coupon Ex-dividend dates Payment dates First interim October 1  2025 October 3  2025 Second interim January 2  2026 January 6  2026 Third interim April 1  2026 April 7  2026 Final July 1  2026 July 3  2026The above indicative ex-dividend dates and payment dates relate to the TotalEnergies shares listed on the Euronext.____About TotalEnergiesTotalEnergies is a global multi-energy company that produces and markets energies: oil and biofuels  natural gas and green gases  renewables and electricity. Our more than 100 000 employees are committed to energy that is ever more affordable  more sustainable  more reliable and accessible to as many people as possible. Active in nearly 130 countries  TotalEnergies puts sustainable development in all its dimensions at the heart of its projects and operations to contribute to the well-being of people.@TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergiesDisclaimerThe terms “TotalEnergies”  “TotalEnergies company” and “Company” in this document are used to designate TotalEnergies SE and the consolidated entities directly or indirectly controlled by TotalEnergies SE. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” may also be used to refer to these entities or their employees. The entities in which TotalEnergies SE directly or indirectly owns a shareholding are separate and independent legal entities.This document may contain forward-looking statements (including forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995)  notably with respect to the financial condition  results of operations  business activities and industrial strategy of TotalEnergies. This document may also contain statements regarding the perspectives  objectives  areas of improvement and goals of TotalEnergies  including with respect to climate change and carbon neutrality (net zero emissions). An ambition expresses an outcome desired by TotalEnergies  it being specified that the means to be deployed do not depend solely on TotalEnergies. These forward-looking statements may generally be identified by the use of the future or conditional tense or forward-looking words such as “envisions”  “intends”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “considers”  “plans”  “expects”  “thinks”  “targets”  “aims” or similar terminology. Such forward-looking statements included in this document are based on economic data  estimates and assumptions prepared in a given economic  competitive and regulatory environment and considered to be reasonable by TotalEnergies as of the date of this document. These forward-looking statements are not historical data and should not be interpreted as assurances that the perspectives  objectives  or goals announced will be achieved. They may prove to be inaccurate in the future  and may evolve or be modified with a significant difference between the actual results and those initially estimated  due to the uncertainties notably related to the economic  financial  competitive and regulatory environment  or due to the occurrence of risk factors  such as  notably  the price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas  the evolution of the demand and price of petroleum products  the changes in production results and reserves estimates  the ability to achieve cost reductions and operating efficiencies without unduly disrupting business operations  changes in laws and regulations including those related to the environment and climate  currency fluctuations  as well as economic and political developments  changes in market conditions  loss of market share and changes in consumer preferences  or pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally  certain financial information is based on estimates particularly in the assessment of the recoverable value of assets and potential impairments of assets relating thereto. Neither TotalEnergies SE nor any of its subsidiaries assumes any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking information or statement  objectives or trends contained in this document whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. The information on risk factors that could have a significant adverse effect on TotalEnergies’ business  financial condition  including its operating income and cash flow  reputation  outlook or the value of financial instruments issued by TotalEnergies is provided in the most recent version of the Universal Registration Document which is filed by TotalEnergies SE with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers and the annual report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors – U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in the Form 20-F of TotalEnergies SE  File N° 1-10888  available from us at 2  place Jean Millier – Arche Nord Coupole/Regnault - 92078 Paris-La Défense Cedex  France  or at our website totalenergies.com. You can also obtain this form from the SEC by calling 1-800-SEC-0330 or on the SEC’s website sec.gov.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240208309399/en/,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.15,0.83,True,English,"['Indicative Dates', 'TotalEnergies', '2025 Dividends', 'February', '2024', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Ex-dividend dates Payment dates', 'indicative ex-dividend dates', 'First interim September', 'Third interim March', 'global multi-energy company', 'independent legal entities', 'TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergies', 'First interim October', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Third interim April', 'Second interim January', 'Regulatory News', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', '2024 financial statements', 'final dividend', '2025 financial statements', 'natural gas', 'green gases', 'sustainable development', 'financial condition', 'business activities', 'industrial strategy', 'carbon neutrality', 'zero emissions', 'conditional tense', 'similar terminology', 'historical data', 'significant difference', 'risk factors', 'petroleum products', 'cost reductions', 'operating efficiencies', 'currency fluctuations', 'political developments', 'market conditions', 'market share', 'consumer preferences', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'recoverable value', 'potential impairments', 'TotalEnergies shares', 'TotalEnergies company', 'TotalEnergies SE', 'forward-looking information', 'consolidated entities', 'financial information', 'new information', 'economic data', 'regulatory environment', 'actual results', 'production results', 'forward-looking words', 'Final July', 'many people', 'climate change', 'price fluctuations', 'crude oil', 'reserves estimates', 'business operations', 'future events', 'economic, competitive', '2024 dividends', '2025 dividends', 'Paris', 'LSE', 'TTE', 'NYSE', 'Board', 'Directors', 'February', 'decisions', 'allocation', 'earnings', 'Type', 'coupon', 'June', 'Euronext', 'markets', 'biofuels', 'renewables', 'electricity', '100,000 employees', '130 countries', 'dimensions', 'heart', 'projects', 'well-being', 'Disclaimer', 'terms', 'document', 'shareholding', 'separate', 'meaning', 'respect', 'perspectives', 'objectives', 'areas', 'improvement', 'goals', 'ambition', 'outcome', 'means', 'use', 'envisions', 'believes', 'considers', 'plans', 'expects', 'thinks', 'targets', 'aims', 'assumptions', 'assurances', 'uncertainties', 'occurrence', 'evolution', 'demand', 'changes', 'ability', 'laws', 'regulations', 'loss', 'pandemics', 'assessment', 'assets', 'subsidiaries', 'obligation', 'trends']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35975,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45909300/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -February 08  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7406 £ 24.7749 Estimated MTD return -0.03 % -0.01 % Estimated YTD return 0.70 % 0.83 % Estimated ITD return 177.41 % 147.75 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.27 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.22 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.0381 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.8402The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'February', '01', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35976,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JACQUES-BOGART-23292460/news/Jacques-Bogart-FULL-YEAR-2023-TURNOVER-EUR-293-2-MILLION-5-5-AT-CONSTANT-SCOPE-AND-EXCHANG-45916027/,Jacques Bogart :  FULL-YEAR 2023 TURNOVER: EUR 293.2 MILLION (+5.5% AT CONSTANT SCOPE AND EXCHANGE RATES) - EBITDA IMPROVEMENT CONFIRMED IN 2023,(marketscreener.com)  PRESS RELEASEParis  8 February 2024  BOGART   which specialises in the creation  manufacture and sale of luxury fragrances and cosmetics  has reported full-year 2023 turnover of €293.2 million  comparable with last year  taking int…,"PRESS RELEASEParis  8 February 2024BOGART (Euronext Paris - Compartment B - FR0012872141 - JBOG)  which specialises in the creation  manufacture and sale of luxury fragrances and cosmetics  has reported full-year 2023 turnover of €293.2 million  comparable with last year  taking into account the effects of changes in the scope of consolidation (strategic reorganisation of the network in France and Belgium in 2022  and refocusing of the Spanish subsidiary) and exchange rates  particularly in Israel. At constant consolidation scope and exchange rates  2023 turnover is up +5.5%.Revenues in €m (unaudited) 2022 2023 Change Q4 turnover 92.8 90.1 -2.9% Bogart Fragrances & Cosmetics 17.8 17.7 -0.6% Bogart Beauty Retail 75.0 72.4 -3.5% Other Q4 revenues[1] 2.7 4.3 +59 3% Total Q4 revenues 95.5 94.4 -1.2%Revenues in €m (unaudited) 2022 2023 Change 12-month turnover 291.2 293.2 +0.7% Bogart Fragrances & Cosmetics 54.9 56.9 +3.6% Bogart Beauty Retail 236.3 236.3 - Other 12-month revenues1 11.8 12.0 +1.7% Total 12-month revenues 303.0 305.2 +0.7%In Q4 2023  Bogart posted consolidated turnover of €90.1 million  a limited drop of -2.9% compared with last year's high level. At constant consolidation scope and exchange rates  growth came in at +1.7%.In Q4  the Bogart Fragrances & Cosmetics business maintained a level of turnover comparable with last year's high level  at €17.7 million. The Carven brand (C'est Paris La Nuit fragrance duo for men and women) was very well received in Europe  and the Parfums Jacques Bogart brand continued to gain market share  buoyed by the launch of Silver Scent Aqua. Overall  the Parfums Jacques Bogart brand achieved double-digit sales growth in 2023.As a reminder  in Spain  Bogart changed its business model to an indirect sales model  with retroactive effect from 1 April 2023. The impact represented €0.6 million in Q4 2023. At constant consolidation scope and exchange rates  the Bogart Fragrances & Cosmetics division achieved growth of +2.3% in Q4 2023.Over the full 2023 financial year  the Bogart Fragrances & Cosmetics division generated turnover of €56.9 million  up +3.6%. At constant scope and exchange rates  growth amounted to +8.8%.In Q4 2023  the Bogart Beauty Retail division generated turnover of €72.4 million  representing a limited drop of -3.5% compared with the same period last year. While business in directly-operated stores was brisk in Germany and Slovakia  the Group continued to suffer the effects of changes in consolidation scope (closure of 26 stores in France and Belgium in 2022) and exchange rates in Israel (impact of -€4.6m). Note also that the Group had some disruption to its commercial activity as a result of the conflict in Israel (temporary closure of 42 stores for one week in October 2023  followed by a gradual resumption of business with modified opening hours). At constant consolidation scope and exchange rates  growth amounted to +1.5%.Turnover by the Bogart Beauty Retail division amounted to €236.3 million as at 31 December 2023  stable compared with last year  and up +4.7% at constant consolidation scope and exchange rates.At the end of the 2023 financial year  Group sales thus came in at €293.2 million (up +0.7% versus 31 December 2022 and +5.5% at constant consolidation scope and exchange rates).EBITDA improvement confirmed in 2023 - Growth targeted in 2024 and continued development of the European networkFor the 2023 financial year  Bogart confirms its outlook for an improvement in EBITDA (which came to €38.8 million in 2022).In 2024  Bogart intends to pursue its strategy of profitable growth  driven in particular by its Bogart Fragrances & Cosmetics business. Meanwhile  Bogart is pursuing its strategy to develop its network of stores in Europe.After recently announcing the acquisition of the ""Rose et Marius"" house of fine perfumery and art de vivre in Aix en Provence[2]  BOGART announces that it has acquired 9 independent perfumeries in Germany  which will be integrated into the HC Parfumerie network as of 1 March 2024.HC Parfumerie will thus consolidate its position in Germany and will own 91 stores with more than 500 employees.Next publicationBOGART Group will publish its full-year results on 29 April 2024 (after market close)Group website www.groupe-bogart.comCONTACTSBOGARTcontact@jbogart.comTel.: +33 (0)1 53 77 55 55ACTUS FINANCE & COMMUNICATIONInvestor RelationsAnne-Pauline Petureauxapetureaux@actus.frTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 72Media RelationsManon Clairetmclairet@actus.frTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73[1] Revenues from licences and advertising rebillings for brands which are distributed to BOGART's own-brand networks.[2] See the press release dated 15 January 2024This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l3CfaZdnYm+bmWmdZcqbaGOZaZthmpKZZWSaxmdvaZrFbW9gl5dibJudZnFllmln- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84141-pr_bogart_turnover2023_final.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.01,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Jacques Bogart', 'FULL-YEAR 2023 TURNOVER', 'CONSTANT SCOPE', 'EXCHANGE RATES', 'EBITDA IMPROVEMENT', 'EUR', '3.2 MILLION', 'Paris La Nuit fragrance duo', 'Parfums Jacques Bogart brand', 'Bogart Beauty Retail division', 'The Carven brand', 'Silver Scent Aqua', 'art de vivre', 'Anne-Pauline Petureaux apetureaux', 'Other 12-month revenues1', 'indirect sales model', 'constant consolidation scope', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'original press release', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Total 12-month revenues', 'double-digit sales growth', 'HC Parfumerie network', 'Other Q4 revenues', 'full 2023 financial year', 'Change Q4 turnover', 'constant scope', 'brand networks', 'Euronext Paris', 'Cosmetics division', 'Group sales', '12-month turnover', 'last year', 'business model', 'Compartment B', 'luxury fragrances', 'strategic reorganisation', 'Spanish subsidiary', 'exchange rates', 'Bogart Fragrances', 'limited drop', 'market share', 'retroactive effect', 'same period', 'commercial activity', 'one week', 'gradual resumption', 'opening hours', 'continued development', 'Rose et', 'Marius"" house', 'fine perfumery', '9 independent perfumeries', 'full-year results', 'market close', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Manon Clairet', 'advertising rebillings', 'annual revenues', 'European network', 'high level', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'BOGART Group', 'Group website', 'full-year 2023 turnover', 'consolidated turnover', 'temporary closure', 'Next publication', 'profitable growth', 'ACTUS FINANCE', 'Cosmetics business', 'EBITDA improvement', '8 February', 'JBOG', 'creation', 'manufacture', 'account', 'effects', 'changes', 'France', 'Belgium', 'refocusing', 'Israel', 'women', 'launch', 'reminder', 'Spain', '1 April', 'impact', 'stores', 'Germany', 'Slovakia', 'disruption', 'conflict', 'October', '31 December', 'outlook', 'strategy', 'acquisition', 'Aix', 'Provence', '1 March', 'position', '500 employees', '29 April', 'CONTACTS', 'Tel.', 'COMMUNICATION', 'mclairet', 'licences', 'brands', 'l3CfaZdnYm', 'bmWmdZcqbaGOZaZthmpKZZWSaxmdvaZrFbW9gl5dibJudZnFllmln', 'PDF', '€', '33', '1 53']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BELIEVE-123488703/news/Believe-further-expands-in-Japan-unveils-new-imprint-dedicated-to-championing-Japanese-hip-hop-wit-45915970/,Believe further expands in Japan  unveils new imprint dedicated to championing Japanese hip-hop with ¥ellow Bucks  Red Eye  and Issei Uno Fifth -February 08  2024 at 12:01 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) Believe further expands in Japan  unveils new imprint dedicated to championing Japanese hip-hop with ¥ellow Bucks  Red Eye  and Issei Uno Fifth Thursday  February 8th  2024 – Believe  one of the world’s leading digital music companies  an…,"Believe further expands in Japan unveils new imprint dedicated to championing Japanese hip-hop with ¥ellow Bucks  Red Eye  and Issei Uno FifthThursday  February 8th  2024 – Believe  one of the world’s leading digital music companies  announces today the launch of ‘PLAYCODE’  a new imprint dedicated to championing the growing Japanese hip-hop music scene  including partnering with some of Japan’s leading acts: ¥ellow Bucks  Red Eye  and Issei Uno Fifth.This launch marks a new step in Believe’s expansion in Japan  less than a year since it began operating in the country  in October 2023. As part of Believe Japan’s Artist Services offering  ‘PLAYCODE’ aims at nurturing the booming local hip-hop music scene. It will combine Believe’s unique digital artist development capacities – strategic  marketing and financial support –  unrivalled local hip-hop expertise  and long-term partnerships with key digital players to accompany its artists at all stages of their careers reach wider audiences and grow their careers locally and internationally.With +450K monthly listeners on Spotify and 66 7K followers on YouTube  ¥ellow Bucks is one of the most influential hip-hop artists in Japan  whose breakthrough hit ‘YESSIR’ cumulates +36M views on YouTube and +25M listens on Spotify to date. After Red Eye winning the 16th High School Rap Championship in 2019  Red Eye has become a force to be reckoned within the hip-hop music scene  cumulating over 500K followers across all social platforms  with his ‘POCKET’ series reaching +8 million streams. Issei Uno Fifth’s massive hit ‘SLIDE’ gained popularity on TikTok  reaching +1.6M streams on Spotify and leading him to be one of the winners of TikTok’s Spotlight Programme.After creating a series of hip-hop focused imprints in Thailand (bYOND)  Italy (MAST) and France (Avant-Garde  AllPoints and Morning Glory)  the launch of ‘PLAYCODE’ confirms Believe’s long-lasting commitment to nurture and drive hip-hop independent artists to their utmost level all around the world  all the while remaining in full control of their creative freedom and careers.Mari Ochiai  Head of Artist Services  Believe Japan  said: ""Hip-hop in Japan is undergoing a massive shift  with more and more artists reaching growing audiences  both locally and beyond. The level of talent is outstanding and the potential for growth is massive. I am convinced that the launch of 'PLAYCODE’ will open a new chapter in Japanese hip-hop’s history. I look forward to joining hands Japan’s very best hip-hop talents  putting Believe’s unrivaled digital artist development expertise at their service to create the future of Japanese hip-hop!”Sylvain Delange  Managing Director  APAC  Believe  said: “Only a few months after the launch of Believe in Japan  we are proud to unveil 'PLAYCODE’  with the aim of supporting the growth of a healthy  professionalized and industry-leading hip-hop ecosystem in Japan. We could not dream of better ambassadors than ‘¥ellow Bucks’  ‘Red Eye’  and ‘Issei Uno Fifth’ to join force with us and ascend Japanese hip-hop to mainstream acclaim. Coupled with Mari’s unparalleled expertise  deep-rooted passion for Japanese Hip Hop and visionary leadership  we are confident that 'PLAYCODE' will serve as a beacon for the entire Japanese hip-hop community  fostering creativity  collaboration  and innovation.”*****About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 720 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). Believe.comPress contacts:Manon JESSUA – manon.jessua@believe.comAnass BENDAFI – anass.bendafi@agenceproches.com | Cell: +33 6 80 42 51 84Investor Relations contact:Emilie MEGEL – emilie.megel@believe.com | +33 6 07 09 98 60Attachment",neutral,0.3,0.69,0.02,positive,0.81,0.17,0.02,True,English,"['Issei Uno Fifth', 'new imprint', 'Japanese hip-hop', '¥ellow Bucks', 'Red Eye', 'Believe', 'February', '12:01', '16th High School Rap Championship', 'booming local hip-hop music scene', 'unique digital artist development capacities', 'unrivaled digital artist development expertise', 'growing Japanese hip-hop music scene', 'unrivalled local hip-hop expertise', 'leading digital music companies', 'entire Japanese hip-hop community', 'unique digital expertise', 'digital music experts', 'key digital players', 'Artist Services offering', 'Issei Uno Fifth', '+450K monthly listeners', 'hip-hop focused imprints', 'best hip-hop talents', 'industry-leading hip-hop ecosystem', 'global technology platform', 'Investor Relations contact', 'Japanese Hip Hop', 'influential hip-hop artists', 'hip-hop independent artists', 'growing audiences', 'unparalleled expertise', 'leading acts', 'digital world', 'new imprint', '¥ellow Bucks', 'Red Eye', 'February 8th', 'new step', 'strategic, marketing', 'financial support', 'long-term partnerships', 'wider audiences', '66,7K followers', '+36M views', '+25M listens', '500K followers', 'social platforms', '+8 million streams', 'massive hit', '+1.6M streams', 'Spotlight Programme', 'Morning Glory', 'lasting commitment', 'full control', 'creative freedom', 'massive shift', 'new chapter', 'Sylvain Delange', 'Managing Director', 'healthy, professionalized', 'mainstream acclaim', 'visionary leadership', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment B', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press contacts', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'emilie.megel', 'POCKET’ series', 'utmost level', 'Mari Ochiai', 'various solutions', 'Manon JESSUA', 'Anass BENDAFI', 'Believe Japan', 'Thursday', 'launch', 'PLAYCODE', 'expansion', 'country', 'October', 'stages', 'careers', 'Spotify', 'YouTube', 'breakthrough', 'YESSIR', 'date', 'force', 'SLIDE', 'popularity', 'TikTok', 'winners', 'Thailand', 'bYOND', 'Italy', 'MAST', 'France', 'Avant-Garde', 'AllPoints', 'Head', 'potential', 'growth', 'history', 'hands', 'future', 'ambassadors', 'beacon', 'creativity', 'collaboration', 'innovation', 'mission', 'labels', 'Group', '1,720 employees', '50 countries', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'TuneCore', 'Ishtar', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'agenceproches', 'Cell', 'Attachment']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD-43851519/news/Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield-Reports-FY-2023-Earnings-45909301/,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Reports FY-2023 Earnings,(marketscreener.com)                                 Paris  Amsterdam  February 8  2024 Press release UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2023 EARNINGS  Strong operating performance with tenant...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WES…,Paris  Amsterdam  February 8  2024Press releaseUNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2023 EARNINGSStrong operating performance with tenant sales up +6.4%  above core inflation and footfall up +4.9%Like-for-like EBITDA up +6.7%and Adjusted Recurring EPS of €9.621  above guidanceContinued deleveraging leading to improved Net Debt/EBITDA at 9.3xSuccessful return to the bond market at attractive conditionsBetter Places sustainability roadmap shared with the marketincluding net-zero targets approved by the SBTiDistribution reinstatedwith a proposed cash payment of €2.50 per share to be paid in May 202422024 AREPS forecasted to be in the range of €9.65 to €9.8032023 in review:Tenant sales up +6.4% and footfall up +4.9%Shopping Centre vacancy back to 2019 level at 5.4%  110 bps improvement vs. 2022€449 Mn of Minimum Guaranteed Rent (MGR) signed (+7% vs. 2022)  at an uplift on top of indexed passing rent of +6.8% including +10.6% on long-term dealsShopping Centres Net Rental Income up +8.0% 4 on like-for-like basison like-for-like basis Westfield Rise  URW’s retail media business  up +17.4% on a net margin basis 5Offices & Others Net Rental Income up +22.1% on like-for-like basis  reflecting leasing progress at Trinity (96% occupancy rate) with an average rent of €564/sqm/year2023 EBITDA at €2 199 Mn  back to 2019 level on a like-for-like basis€1.0 Bn 6 in asset disposals in Europe and the US leading to a total contribution to net debt reduction from disposals of €5.1 Bn 6 since 2021in asset disposals in Europe and the US leading to a total contribution to net debt reduction from disposals of €5.1 Bn since 2021 2023 IFRS Net Financial Debt reduced by -€950 Mn to €19.8 Bn 7€13.6 Bn 8 of liquidity covering more than 36 months of refinancing needsof liquidity covering more than 36 months of refinancing needs c. 90% of committed pipeline to be delivered in 2024 including 172 200 sqm mixed-use project Westfield Hamburg-Überseequartier  opening on April 25  2024Proposed cash distribution of €2.50 per share  to be approved by the AGM on April 30 and paid on May 16  20242024 AREPS guidance of €9.65 - €9.80 reflects consistent underlying operational performanceCommenting on the results  Jean-Marie Tritant  Chief Executive Officer  said:“In 2023  we delivered strong operational performance across all activities  supported by dynamic leasing activity and the positive effect of indexation. Our like-for-like Group earnings9 are now back at 2019 levels  ahead of the 2024 target we set ourselves at our 2022 Investor Day.We made further deleveraging progress in challenging investment market conditions  securing 11 transactions totalling €1 billion. Total disposals since 2021 have contributed €5.1 billion to our net debt reduction  and we remain committed to further deleveraging.The success of our hybrid exchange offer and the oversubscribed €750 million green bond issue demonstrate the continued confidence of debt investors.In October  we announced a comprehensive evolution of our Better Places roadmap  which included SBTi-approved net-zero targets  as well as new targets on waste reduction  water conservation and biodiversity.The robustness of the Group’s business  visibility on our operating performance  delivery of major development projects in 2024  and strong liquidity position  give us confidence to reinstate shareholder distributions. We will propose a cash payment this year of €2.50 per share  for approval at our AGM in April  and will significantly increase the distribution in future years as we make further progress on our strategic and financial objectives.”For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsMeriem Delfi+33 7 63 45 59 77investor.relations@urw.comGonzague Montigny+33 6 10 95 85 84investor.relations@urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global:Cornelia Schnepf – Finelk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euFrance:Sonia Fellmann – PLEAD+33 6 27 84 91 30Sonia.Fellmann@plead.frAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 72 shopping centres in 12 countries  including 38 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €2.5 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Its €50 Bn portfolio is 86% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2023).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places plan  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.com1 IFRS Net result of -€1 629.1 Mn  including +€1 408.9 Mn of Recurring Net Result.2 Subject to approval by Annual General Meeting of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE.3 Please refer to the guidance in page ix for further detail.4 Shopping Centres Lfl NRI excluding airports.5 At 100%.6 On an IFRS basis  including disposals and foreclosures completed or secured by February 8  2024.7 Proforma for the disposals secured until February 8  2024.8 On an IFRS basis  as at December 31  2023.9 EBITDA.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.64,0.27,0.09,True,English,"['Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Reports FY-2023 Earnings', 'sustainable, high-quality real estate assets', 'consistent underlying operational performance', 'UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2023 EARNINGS', 'Others Net Rental Income', '€750 million green bond issue', 'Better Places sustainability roadmap', 'Better Places roadmap', 'Better Places plan', 'strong operational performance', 'industry-leading sustainability standards', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'hybrid exchange offer', 'urban regeneration projects', 'Westfield Hamburg-Überseequartier', 'iconic Westfield brand', 'net debt reduction', 'Strong operating performance', 'positive environmental, social', 'Shopping Centre vacancy', '172,200 sqm mixed-use project', 'Net Financial Debt', 'major development projects', 'Minimum Guaranteed Rent', 'dynamic leasing activity', 'SBTi-approved net-zero targets', 'strong liquidity position', 'investment market conditions', 'net margin basis', '€2.5 Bn development pipeline', 'retail media business', 'mixed-use assets', 'Net Debt/EBITDA', 'bond market', '900 million visits', 'mixed-use development', 'high-quality offices', 'debt investors', 'waste reduction', 'Westfield Rise', 'attractive conditions', 'positive effect', 'financial objectives', 'dynamic cities', 'major cities', 'new targets', 'leasing progress', 'Press release', 'tenant sales', 'core inflation', 'Recurring EPS', 'Successful return', 'cash payment', '110 bps improvement', 'indexed passing', 'long-term deals', 'Shopping Centres', 'average rent', 'total contribution', 'refinancing needs', 'Jean-Marie Tritant', 'comprehensive evolution', 'water conservation', 'shareholder distributions', 'future years', 'Meriem Delfi', 'Gonzague Montigny', 'Media Relations', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Cornelia.Schnepf', 'Sonia Fellmann', 'Sonia.Fellmann', 'United States', 'unique platform', 'exhibition venues', '€50 Bn portfolio', 'committed partner', 'Continued deleveraging', 'SBTi Distribution', 'cash distribution', 'asset disposals', 'Total disposals', '2022 Investor Day', 'continued confidence', 'deleveraging progress', 'The Group', '2024 AREPS guidance', 'Investor Relations', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'February', 'footfall', 'May', 'range', 'review', '2019 level', '449 Mn', 'MGR', 'uplift', 'top', 'URW', 'Trinity', '2023 EBITDA', 'Europe', 'IFRS', '36 months', 'April', 'AGM', 'results', 'activities', 'indexation', 'earnings9', '2024 target', '11 transactions', 'October', 'biodiversity', 'robustness', 'visibility', 'delivery', 'approval', 'strategic', 'information', 'UK', 'Global', 'Finelk', 'France', 'PLEAD', 'owner', 'developer', 'operator', '12 countries', 'retailers', 'brands', 'consumers', '10 convention', 'services', 'December', 'retrofitting', 'buildings', 'commitments', 'econo', '9.']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825696/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7406 £ 24.7749 Estimated MTD return -0.03 % -0.01 % Estimated YTD return 0.70 % 0.83 % Estimated ITD return 177.41 % 147.75 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.27 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.22 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.0381 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.8402The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/08/public-storage-nysepsa-shares-sold-by-oppenheimer-asset-management-inc/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Shares Sold by Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc.,Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. reduced its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 36.4% in the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 4 252 shares of th…,Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. reduced its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 36.4% in the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 4 252 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 2 434 shares during the period. Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $1 120 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Kestra Private Wealth Services LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage in the 3rd quarter valued at about $596 000. Summit Financial LLC bought a new position in Public Storage in the third quarter valued at approximately $305 000. Metis Global Partners LLC lifted its stake in Public Storage by 5.0% in the third quarter. Metis Global Partners LLC now owns 17 500 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $4 612 000 after buying an additional 828 shares in the last quarter. Barclays PLC lifted its position in shares of Public Storage by 0.8% in the third quarter. Barclays PLC now owns 382 340 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $100 757 000 after purchasing an additional 2 917 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Equitable Trust Co. lifted its position in shares of Public Storage by 2 669.2% in the third quarter. Equitable Trust Co. now owns 58 623 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $15 448 000 after purchasing an additional 56 506 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Insider Activity at Public StorageIn related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday  November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total value of $98 148.00. Following the transaction  the insider now directly owns 13 286 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $3 259 985.82. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available through this link. In related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday  November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total value of $98 148.00. Following the sale  the insider now directly owns 13 286 shares in the company  valued at approximately $3 259 985.82. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available at this hyperlink. Also  Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian sold 5 000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday  November 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $259.35  for a total value of $1 296 750.00. Following the completion of the sale  the director now owns 30 163 shares in the company  valued at $7 822 774.05. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days  insiders sold 55 665 shares of company stock valued at $15 268 673. 11.00% of the stock is owned by company insiders.Wall Street Analysts Forecast GrowthA number of brokerages recently weighed in on PSA. The Goldman Sachs Group boosted their target price on shares of Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday  January 11th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  January 30th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price objective on the stock. StockNews.com initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Saturday  October 21st. They issued a “hold” rating on the stock. Evercore ISI raised their price target on shares of Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a research note on Monday  November 27th. Finally  Truist Financial raised their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday  December 28th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $296.25.Read Our Latest Stock Analysis on PSAPublic Storage Stock PerformanceNYSE:PSA opened at $281.21 on Thursday. The company has a fifty day moving average of $289.22 and a 200-day moving average of $274.61. Public Storage has a twelve month low of $233.18 and a twelve month high of $316.48. The company has a quick ratio of 0.98  a current ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The firm has a market capitalization of $49.45 billion  a P/E ratio of 25.78  a P/E/G ratio of 3.83 and a beta of 0.55.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Shares', 'Kestra Private Wealth Services LLC', 'Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc.', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'real estate investment trust', 'Metis Global Partners LLC', 'One equities research analyst', 'Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian', 'fifty day moving average', 'Several other hedge funds', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Equitable Trust Co.', 'Summit Financial LLC', 'other institutional investors', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'Wall Street Analysts', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', '200-day moving average', 'twelve month low', 'recent 13F filing', 'consensus target price', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Profile', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'FT Global 500', 'research note', 'recent filing', 'average price', 'Truist Financial', 'price target', 'average rating', 'legal filing', '$250.00 price objective', 'third quarter', 'Exchange Commission', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', 'Barclays PLC', 'related news', 'total value', 'last 90 days', 'StockNews.com', 'Evercore ISI', 'December 28th', 'MarketBeat.com', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'S&P 500', 'buy” rating', 'sell” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'Free Report', 'new stake', 'new position', 'Insider Activity', 'additional 828 shares', 'additional 2,917 shares', 'additional 56,506 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', 'company insiders', 'company stock', 'PSA.', '4,252 shares', '2,434 shares', '17,500 shares', '382,340 shares', '58,623 shares', '400 shares', '13,286 shares', '5,000 shares', '30,163 shares', '55,665 shares', 'Securities', 'firm', 'period', 'holdings', 'changes', 'positions', 'business', 'transaction', 'sale', 'link', 'document', 'completion', 'disclosure', 'Growth', 'number', 'brokerages', 'Thursday', 'January', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'Saturday', 'October', 'line', 'Monday', 'November', 'data', 'debt', 'beta', 'member', 'REIT']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,etfdailynews.com
35981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7805040038609888,Italian Engineering Firm VLP and Partners Uses Dassault Systèmes' 3DEXPERIENCE Platform to Manage Complex Architectural Projects,The 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud virtualizes knowledge and know-how  improving project efficiency and collaboration         Project stakeholders gain simultaneous  real-time access to construction data within a 3D model to create and manage compl...,"Italian Engineering Firm VLP and Partners Uses Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE Platform to Manage Complex Architectural ProjectsThe 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud virtualizes knowledge and know-how  improving project efficiency and collaborationProject stakeholders gain simultaneous  real-time access to construction data within a 3D model to create and manage complex designs and leverage virtual twinsVLP and Partners can optimize production requirements and processes  reduce costs  and create next-generation geometries and structuresDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that VLP and Partners   an Italian construction engineering firm specializing in the design of complex facades and steel structures  is using Dassault Systèmes' 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud to manage large and increasingly complex architectural projects.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240207898965/en/The Lantern. Image courtesy VLP and PartnersBy offering project stakeholders a greater level of flexibility and simultaneous real-time access to construction data in the context of a 3D model  VLP and Partners can design complex surfaces with a high level of quality and accuracy  efficiently manage building designs  and use virtual twins in a collaborative manner.VLP and Partners is comprised of engineers and architects specialized in 3D modelling  as well as structural engineers dealing with thermal  steel and façade cladding calculations. It wanted to shorten the lengthy procedures related to project development and to contribute to the creation of next-generation curtain walls  high-rise buildings and other structures having increasingly complex geometries by leveraging cutting-edge technologies for façade design. Further needs were to optimize production requirements  reuse previous models and drawings  and identify innovative solutions  while keeping costs down.After years of using Dassault Systèmes' design applications  VLP and Partners began using the “ From Experience to Construction ” industry solution experience based on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform to manage designs and projects in a single virtual environment and collaboratively solve any type of architectural and engineering challenge.The implementation in the cloud allowed VLP and Partners to be immediately operational on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform  without the need for a physical IT infrastructure. Its scalability has enabled new ways of working  based on greater flexibility and the ability to interact with customers seamlessly.“We always aim to define with our customers the best methodology to collaborate quickly and efficiently. The 3DEXPERIENCE platform helps us in this. Now we can share our 3D models with customers on the cloud  who we hope will increasingly choose this approach to interact with us  share information and identify the best solutions "" said Simone Lucangeli  Co-founder and partner of VLP and Partners.“Companies today must not only build structures and systems beautifully and efficiently  but also design them for long-term sustainability and solve a range of issues for multiple stakeholders "" said Remi Dornier  Vice President  Architecture  Engineering and Construction Industry  Dassault Systèmes. “The 3DEXPERIENCE platform centralizes and integrates all data and information to enable the virtualization of knowledge and know-how. VLP and Partners can combine its skills and expertise with our 3D technologies to simplify the most complex projects and increase innovation and performance  even on large projects that require the management of thousands of elements.""###FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences for Architecture  Engineering and Construction: https://www.3ds.com/industries/architecture-engineering-constructionDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comSHARE THIS ON X  FORMERLY KNOWN AS TWITTERItalian engineering firm VLP and Partners uses #3DEXPERIENCE #cloud from @Dassault3DS to manage complex architectural projectsConnect with Dassault Systèmes onhttps://twitter.com/Dassault3DShttps://www.facebook.com/DassaultSystemeshttps://www.linkedin.com/company/dassaultsystemeshttps://www.youtube.com/DassaultSystemesABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE ® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all –consumers  patients and citizens. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240207898965/en/Dassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France  Arnaud MALHERBE  arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com   +33 (0)1 61 62 87 73North America  Natasha LEVANTI  natasha.levanti@3ds.com   +1 (508) 449 8097EMEA  Virginie BLINDENBERG  virginie.blindenberg@3ds.com   +33 (0)1 61 62 84 21China  Grace MU  grace.mu@3ds.com   +86 10 6536 2288India  Kriti ASHOK  kriti.ashok@3ds.com   +91 9741310607Japan  Reina YAMAGUCHI  reina.yamaguchi@3ds.com   +81 3 4321 6650Korea  Jeemin JEONG  jeemin.jeong@3ds.com   +82 2 3271 6653",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"[""Dassault Systèmes' 3DEXPERIENCE Platform"", 'Italian Engineering Firm VLP', 'Complex Architectural Projects', 'Partners Uses', 'Dassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences', ""Dassault Systèmes' design applications"", 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE Platform', ""Dassault Systèmes' 3DEXPERIENCE platform"", 'FORMERLY KNOWN AS TWITTER', 'façade cladding calculations', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'Construction ” industry solution experience', 'Italian construction engineering firm', 'Italian Engineering Firm VLP', 'virtual twin experiences', 'façade design', 'simultaneous, real-time access', 'simultaneous real-time access', 'physical IT infrastructure', 'single virtual environment', 'next-generation curtain walls', '3D design software', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'Complex Architectural Projects', 'Construction Industry', '3DEXPERIENCE ® Company', 'complex projects', 'virtual twins', 'next-generation geometries', 'collaborative manner', '3D model', '3D technologies', 'complex facades', 'complex surfaces', 'complex geometries', 'Experience Economy', 'engineering challenge', 'complex designs', 'project efficiency', 'Project stakeholders', 'Euronext Paris', 'press release', 'full release', 'Image courtesy', 'greater level', 'high level', 'thermal, steel', 'lengthy procedures', 'project development', 'high-rise buildings', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'Further needs', 'previous models', 'innovative solutions', 'new ways', 'best methodology', 'best solutions', 'Simone Lucangeli', 'long-term sustainability', 'multiple stakeholders', 'Remi Dornier', 'Vice President', 'PLM) solutions', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'meaningful impact', 'human-centered economy', 'construction data', 'large projects', 'production requirements', 'building designs', 'steel structures', 'structural engineers', 'other structures', 'greater flexibility', 'real world', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'The Lantern', 'Partners Uses', 'cloud', 'knowledge', 'know-how', 'collaboration', 'costs', 'DSY', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'news', 'context', 'quality', 'accuracy', 'architects', 'creation', 'drawings', 'years', 'type', 'implementation', 'scalability', 'customers', 'approach', 'information', 'Co-founder', 'Companies', 'systems', 'range', 'issues', 'Architecture', 'virtualization', 'skills', 'expertise', 'performance', 'thousands', 'elements', 'MORE', '3ds', 'industries', 'DassaultSystemes', 'linkedin', 'youtube', 'catalyst', 'people', 'offer', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', 'value']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,investorsobserver.com
35982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825692/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7406 £ 24.7749 Estimated MTD return -0.03 % -0.01 % Estimated YTD return 0.70 % 0.83 % Estimated ITD return 177.41 % 147.75 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.27 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.22 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.0381 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.8402The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35983,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45909341/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -February 08  2024 at 01:32 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7406 £ 24.7749 Estimated MTD return -0.03 % -0.01 % Estimated YTD return 0.70 % 0.83 % Estimated ITD return 177.41 % 147.75 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.27 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.22 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.0381 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.8402The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'February', '01', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35984,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEINEKEN-N-V-13074772/news/Heineken-Says-Cheers-To-The-Real-Hardcore-Fans-But-They-Aren-t-Who-You-Think-45910659/,Heineken® Says “Cheers To The Real Hardcore Fans ” – But They Aren't Who You Think,(marketscreener.com) Heineken® launches “Cheers To The Real Hardcore Fans”  a campaign that subverts expectations and redefines what it means to be a “real hardcore fan” in an effort to tackle the negative hardcore fan stereotypes to help make football more i…,"Heineken® launches “Cheers To The Real Hardcore Fans”  a campaign that subverts expectations and redefines what it means to be a “real hardcore fan” in an effort to tackle the negative hardcore fan stereotypes to help make football more inclusive.Heineken® teams up with new ambassador  Dutch team captain Virgil van Dijk alongside former Lioness Jill Scott MBE  to celebrate the modern face of football fandom. To announce their ambassador roles Jill and Virgil took part in a challenge to spot the ‘real hardcore fans’ - HEREThe campaign kicks off with a global competition to find the world’s most dedicated “real hardcore” football fans  with a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to attend the UEFA Champions League Final up for grabs – APPLY HEREAMSTERDAM  Feb. 08  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Heineken® is kicking off the UEFA knockout stages with its new campaign building on the established ‘Fresher Football’ platform that aims to make football more inclusive.The brand has been working to level the playing field by campaigning to make the sport a more positive and welcoming space to enjoy football together. This new campaign has set its sights on refreshing what it really means to be a hardcore fan  reclaiming this badge of honour that has for too long been associated with negative behaviour in football.“There’s a minority of football fans that can spoil the game for everyone else  giving “hardcore” fans a bad name ” says Nabil Nasser  Global Head of Heineken® Brand: “But those problematic few don’t represent the majority. Our new campaign is a witty twist on the “hardcore fan” stereotype  showing instead what hardcore fandom really looks like  celebrating the diverse group of people who truly live and breathe the sport in a positive  and sometimes quirky way.”At the heart of the campaign is a film created by Australian director Mark Molloy. It represents the true face of modern football fandom. The comedic and heartwarming film  inspired by real fans  shows the devotion people have to supporting the beautiful game. Click to watch the film: HERE.Virgil van Dijk captain of the Netherlands national men’s team alongside existing ambassador Jill Scott MBE  former Lioness have joined forces on this next chapter in Heineken®’s drive for inclusivity in football.“I used to go to The Stadium of Light with my granddad almost every weekend without fail  come rain or shine ” says Jill Scott MBE  “But when you think about what a hardcore football fan looks like  most people don’t picture a teenage girl. That’s what I love about Heineken®’s new campaign. It’s showing you what real football fans look like and playing on people’s expectations of who a real ‘hardcore’ fan is.”Virgil van Dijk said; “The ‘Real Hardcore’ fans make me proud and appreciative as a player. I think reclaiming this phrase is important  the historic negative connotations are something we need to remove from the game  no one is born a racist  I think the key things to make change are education and communicating with each other. I hope we can be part of that change  that’s why I’m glad Heineken® is challenging the perception of what a real fan is to show there is a place for everyone in the game.”To emphasise the message of supporting inclusive hardcore fandom  Heineken® has set aside seats at the UEFA Champions League Final for a select few real hardcore fans that share their stories with us. The winners will be provided with a once-in-a-lifetime final weekend experience. To learn more about the competition and to get involved  visit: www.heineken.com/realfansseatsTo learn more about how Heineken® is helping to refresh football perspectives and foster a more positive and inclusive experience for all fans  visit: https://www.heineken.com/realhardcorefansEditorial information:Please find the high-resolution campaign images: HEREFor more information  please contact: HNKNFootball@edelman.comAbout HEINEKEN:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business.HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken N.V. and Heineken Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY).Most recent information is available on HEINEKEN's website: www.theHEINEKENcompany.com and follow us on Twitter via @HEINEKENCorp.A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/b1b80131-58db-44bf-bdf6-abc95c03d5bdVideos accompanying this announcement are available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/b8d642a6-5bbc-46cb-847d-c6a0db3265achttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/ed629f2e-dc31-4608-9074-89be51d04278",neutral,0.14,0.8,0.06,mixed,0.67,0.16,0.17,True,English,"['Real Hardcore Fans', 'Heineken®', 'Cheers', 'The', 'existing ambassador Jill Scott MBE', 'former Lioness Jill Scott MBE', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'UEFA Champions League Final', 'lifetime final weekend experience', 'Virgil van Dijk captain', 'negative hardcore fan stereotypes', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'real hardcore” football fans', 'UEFA knockout stages', 'Netherlands national men', 'historic negative connotations', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'hardcore fan” stereotype', 'real hardcore fan', 'real ‘hardcore’ fan', 'Heineken N.V.', 'Dutch team captain', 'Real Hardcore’ fans', 'Fresher Football’ platform', 'long-term brand investment', 'inclusive hardcore fandom', 'high-resolution campaign images', 'hardcore football fan', 'real football fans', 'Most recent information', 'modern football fandom', 'new campaign building', 'real fan', 'hardcore” fans', 'inclusive experience', 'new ambassador', 'ambassador roles', 'lifetime opportunity', 'negative behaviour', 'modern face', 'football perspectives', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'playing field', 'welcoming space', 'bad name', 'Nabil Nasser', 'Global Head', 'witty twist', 'quirky way', 'Australian director', 'Mark Molloy', 'true face', 'next chapter', 'most people', 'teenage girl', 'key things', 'Editorial information', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'premium beer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'ordinary shares', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIN.AS', 'HEIO.AS.', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'Heineken® Brand', 'global competition', 'diverse group', 'devotion people', 'heartwarming film', 'The Stadium', 'Better World', 'beautiful game', 'Cheers', 'expectations', 'effort', 'part', 'challenge', 'grabs', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Feb.', 'sport', 'positive', 'sights', 'badge', 'honour', 'minority', 'everyone', 'majority', 'comedic', 'forces', 'drive', 'inclusivity', 'Light', 'granddad', 'rain', 'shine', 'player', 'phrase', 'something', 'racist', 'change', 'education', 'perception', 'place', 'message', 'seats', 'select', 'stories', 'winners', 'realhardcorefans', 'HNKNFootball', 'edelman', 'marketer', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'HKHHY', 'website', 'theHEINEKE']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35985,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6477672983214983,Dassault Systèmes' 3DEXPERIENCE World 2024 to Celebrate Imaginations  Innovations and Communities Shaping the Future of Design and Manufacturing,25   th   anniversary of Dassault Syst&#xE8;mes&#x2019; annual event for the SOLIDWORKS and 3DEXPERIENCE Works community to take place in Dallas  February 11-14  2024         Four-day agenda delves into technologies  trends and strategies around artifi...,Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE World 2024 to Celebrate Imaginations  Innovations and Communities Shaping the Future of Design and Manufacturing25 th anniversary of Dassault Systèmes’ annual event for the SOLIDWORKS and 3DEXPERIENCE Works community to take place in Dallas  February 11-14  2024Four-day agenda delves into technologies  trends and strategies around artificial intelligence  collaborative innovation  virtual twins and moreHighlights include keynote speeches from Lonnie Johnson  Aneesa Muthana and Paddy Lowe and customer stories showcasing sustainable innovations in energyDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced 3DEXPERIENCE World 2024   its annual event dedicated to the 3DEXPERIENCE Works and SOLIDWORKS communities  in Dallas  February 11-14  2024. More than 5 000 users  business leaders  makers  entrepreneurs and students will attend the 25 th anniversary of the world’s premier event for discovering the technologies  trends and strategies shaping the future of product design and manufacturing.Four days of panels  breakout sessions  presentations  learning and networking with thought leaders  industry experts and customers will delve into some of the hottest topics touching design and manufacturing today – from artificial intelligence and digital transformation to collaborative innovation and virtual twins. This year’s 3DEXPERIENCE World will feature a particular focus on innovations that are advancing the global push for sustainability  and how 3DEXPERIENCE Works can help imagine and redesign products  processes and business models to improve the world people want to live in.Highlights of 3DEXPERIENCE World 2024 include:Keynote speakers Lonnie Johnson – inventor  aerospace engineer and entrepreneur; Aneesa Muthana – CEO and owner of Pioneer Service and expert in production machining environments; and Paddy Lowe – founder and CEO of the fossil-free synthetic fuel company Zero  and former Formula 1 engineer and executive;Visionary insights on the impacts of global trends  from Bernard Charlès  Chairman  Dassault Systèmes  and Pascal Daloz  CEO  Dassault Systèmes;SOLIDWORKS and 3DEXPERIENCE Works updates from Manish Kumar  CEO  SOLIDWORKS  Dassault Systèmes  and Gian Paolo Bassi  Senior Vice President 3DEXPERIENCE Works  Dassault Systèmes;Customer stories from Arthur Bus  B&S  Endiatx  eSki  Flowerserve Corp  GlüxKind  Neurolutions  Light a Sky  Nagano Automation  Proteus Motion  Qargos  Tessy  Tigoona and Viscon;Annual “Top 10 List” of user-requested SOLIDWORKS features and enhancements;Breakout sessions dedicated to design  simulation  manufacturing  data management  and community;295 workshops and technical training sessions;Free certification opportunities to strengthen and sharpen skills;“AI and Hardware Innovation Showcase” startup contest;3DEXPERIENCE Playground featuring robotics and CNC machines defining the future of manufacturing on the shop floor;An immersive virtual reality city experience in the “EDU Zone” alongside model race cars  rockets and planes designed by university teams with SOLIDWORKS.“For 25 years  our ‘World’ events have provided opportunities to celebrate attendees and facilitate community engagement while imagining all we can achieve in the future  together ” said Gian Paolo Bassi  Senior Vice President  3DEXPERIENCE Works  Dassault Systèmes. “3DEXPERIENCE World 2024 builds on this story of innovation  thought leadership  customer success  products and experiences. Now more than ever  we are connected in a world where the virtual makes it possible to push the limits of the imagination. We will continue to empower this global community to imagine the possibilities ahead  with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform.”###FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comConnect with Dassault Systèmes onhttps://twitter.com/Dassault3DShttps://www.facebook.com/DassaultSystemeshttps://www.linkedin.com/company/dassaultsystemeshttps://www.youtube.com/DassaultSystemesABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE ® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all –consumers  patients and citizens. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240207517581/en/Dassault Systèmes PressCorporate / FranceArnaud MALHERBEarnaud.malherbe@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 87 73North AmericaNatasha LEVANTInatasha.levanti@3ds.com+1 (508) 449 8097EMEAVirginie BLINDENBERGvirginie.blindenberg@3ds.com+33 (0) 1 61 62 84 21ChinaGrace MUgrace.mu@3ds.com+86 10 6536 2288IndiaKriti ASHOKkriti.ashok@3ds.com+91 9741310607JapanReina YAMAGUCHIreina.yamaguchi@3ds.com+81 3 4321 6650KoreaJeemin JEONGjeemin.jeong@3ds.com+82 2 3271 6653,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,positive,0.58,0.41,0.01,True,English,"[""Dassault Systèmes' 3DEXPERIENCE World"", 'Imaginations', 'Innovations', 'Communities', 'Future', 'Design', 'Manufacturing', 'fossil-free synthetic fuel company Zero', 'immersive virtual reality city experience', 'Dassault Systèmes’ annual event', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE World', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'Annual “Top 10 List', 'Gian Paolo Bassi', 'Senior Vice President', 'model race cars', 'former Formula 1 engineer', 'Bernard Charlès', 'technical training sessions', '3D design software', 'production machining environments', 'Free certification opportunities', 'Hardware Innovation Showcase', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'user-requested SOLIDWORKS features', '3DEXPERIENCE Works community', '3DEXPERIENCE ® Company', 'Experience Economy', 'premier event', 'digital transformation', 'virtual twins', 'aerospace engineer', 'B&S', 'data management', '3DEXPERIENCE Playground', 'collaborative innovation', 'breakout sessions', 'product design', '25 th anniversary', 'Four-day agenda', 'artificial intelligence', 'keynote speeches', 'Lonnie Johnson', 'Aneesa Muthana', 'Paddy Lowe', 'customer stories', 'Euronext Paris', 'Four days', 'thought leaders', 'industry experts', 'hottest topics', 'particular focus', 'global push', 'Keynote speakers', 'Pioneer Service', 'Visionary insights', 'Pascal Daloz', 'Manish Kumar', 'Arthur Bus', 'Flowerserve Corp', 'GlüxKind', 'Nagano Automation', 'Proteus Motion', 'startup contest', 'CNC machines', 'shop floor', 'EDU Zone', 'university teams', 'World’ events', 'community engagement', 'customer success', 'global community', 'PLM) solutions', 'human progress', 'real world', 'meaningful impact', 'human-centered economy', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'business leaders', 'business models', 'sustainable innovations', 'world people', 'life-cycle-management processes', '3DS logo', 'global trends', 'SOLIDWORKS communities', 'Imaginations', 'Future', 'Manufacturing', 'place', 'Dallas', 'February', 'technologies', 'strategies', 'Highlights', 'energy', 'DSY', 'More', '5,000 users', 'makers', 'entrepreneurs', 'students', 'panels', 'presentations', 'learning', 'networking', 'customers', 'sustainability', 'products', 'inventor', 'CEO', 'owner', 'founder', 'executive', 'impacts', 'Chairman', 'updates', 'Endiatx', 'eSki', 'Neurolutions', 'Sky', 'Qargos', 'Tessy', 'Tigoona', 'Viscon', 'enhancements', 'simulation', '295 workshops', 'skills', 'robotics', 'rockets', 'planes', '25 years', 'attendees', 'story', 'limits', 'possibilities', 'INFORMATION', 'Dassault3DS', 'DassaultSystemes', 'linkedin', 'catalyst', 'applications', 'creation', 'offer', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', '150 countries', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', '©']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,investorsobserver.com
35986,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825769/0/en/Heineken-Says-Cheers-To-The-Real-Hardcore-Fans-But-They-Aren-t-Who-You-Think.html,Heineken® Says “Cheers To The Real Hardcore Fans ” – But They Aren’t Who You Think,AMSTERDAM  Feb. 08  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Heineken® is kicking off the UEFA knockout stages with its new campaign building on the established ‘Fresher Football’ platform that aims to make football more inclusive.,"Heineken® launches “Cheers To The Real Hardcore Fans”  a campaign that subverts expectations and redefines what it means to be a “real hardcore fan” in an effort to tackle the negative hardcore fan stereotypes to help make football more inclusive.Heineken® teams up with new ambassador  Dutch team captain Virgil van Dijk alongside former Lioness Jill Scott MBE  to celebrate the modern face of football fandom. To announce their ambassador roles Jill and Virgil took part in a challenge to spot the ‘real hardcore fans’ - HEREThe campaign kicks off with a global competition to find the world’s most dedicated “real hardcore” football fans  with a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to attend the UEFA Champions League Final up for grabs – APPLY HEREAMSTERDAM  Feb. 08  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Heineken® is kicking off the UEFA knockout stages with its new campaign building on the established ‘Fresher Football’ platform that aims to make football more inclusive.The brand has been working to level the playing field by campaigning to make the sport a more positive and welcoming space to enjoy football together. This new campaign has set its sights on refreshing what it really means to be a hardcore fan  reclaiming this badge of honour that has for too long been associated with negative behaviour in football.“There’s a minority of football fans that can spoil the game for everyone else  giving “hardcore” fans a bad name ” says Nabil Nasser  Global Head of Heineken® Brand: “But those problematic few don’t represent the majority. Our new campaign is a witty twist on the “hardcore fan” stereotype  showing instead what hardcore fandom really looks like  celebrating the diverse group of people who truly live and breathe the sport in a positive  and sometimes quirky way.”At the heart of the campaign is a film created by Australian director Mark Molloy. It represents the true face of modern football fandom. The comedic and heartwarming film  inspired by real fans  shows the devotion people have to supporting the beautiful game. Click to watch the film: HERE.Virgil van Dijk captain of the Netherlands national men’s team alongside existing ambassador Jill Scott MBE  former Lioness have joined forces on this next chapter in Heineken®’s drive for inclusivity in football.“I used to go to The Stadium of Light with my granddad almost every weekend without fail  come rain or shine ” says Jill Scott MBE  “But when you think about what a hardcore football fan looks like  most people don’t picture a teenage girl. That’s what I love about Heineken®’s new campaign. It’s showing you what real football fans look like and playing on people’s expectations of who a real ‘hardcore’ fan is.”Virgil van Dijk said; “The ‘Real Hardcore’ fans make me proud and appreciative as a player. I think reclaiming this phrase is important  the historic negative connotations are something we need to remove from the game  no one is born a racist  I think the key things to make change are education and communicating with each other. I hope we can be part of that change  that’s why I’m glad Heineken® is challenging the perception of what a real fan is to show there is a place for everyone in the game.”To emphasise the message of supporting inclusive hardcore fandom  Heineken® has set aside seats at the UEFA Champions League Final for a select few real hardcore fans that share their stories with us. The winners will be provided with a once-in-a-lifetime final weekend experience. To learn more about the competition and to get involved  visit: www.heineken.com/realfansseatsTo learn more about how Heineken® is helping to refresh football perspectives and foster a more positive and inclusive experience for all fans  visit: https://www.heineken.com/realhardcorefansEditorial information:Please find the high-resolution campaign images: HEREFor more information  please contact: HNKNFootball@edelman.comAbout HEINEKEN:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business.HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken N.V. and Heineken Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY).Most recent information is available on HEINEKEN's website: www.theHEINEKENcompany.com and follow us on Twitter via @HEINEKENCorp.A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/b1b80131-58db-44bf-bdf6-abc95c03d5bdVideos accompanying this announcement are available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/b8d642a6-5bbc-46cb-847d-c6a0db3265achttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/ed629f2e-dc31-4608-9074-89be51d04278",neutral,0.2,0.72,0.08,mixed,0.67,0.16,0.17,True,English,"['Real Hardcore Fans', 'Heineken®', 'Cheers', 'existing ambassador Jill Scott MBE', 'former Lioness Jill Scott MBE', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'UEFA Champions League Final', 'lifetime final weekend experience', 'Virgil van Dijk captain', 'negative hardcore fan stereotypes', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'real hardcore” football fans', 'UEFA knockout stages', 'Netherlands national men', 'historic negative connotations', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'hardcore fan” stereotype', 'real hardcore fan', 'real ‘hardcore’ fan', 'Heineken N.V.', 'Dutch team captain', 'Real Hardcore’ fans', 'Fresher Football’ platform', 'long-term brand investment', 'inclusive hardcore fandom', 'high-resolution campaign images', 'hardcore football fan', 'real football fans', 'Most recent information', 'modern football fandom', 'new campaign building', 'real fan', 'hardcore” fans', 'inclusive experience', 'new ambassador', 'ambassador roles', 'lifetime opportunity', 'negative behaviour', 'modern face', 'football perspectives', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'playing field', 'welcoming space', 'bad name', 'Nabil Nasser', 'Global Head', 'witty twist', 'quirky way', 'Australian director', 'Mark Molloy', 'true face', 'next chapter', 'most people', 'teenage girl', 'key things', 'Editorial information', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'premium beer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'ordinary shares', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIN.AS', 'HEIO.AS.', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'Heineken® Brand', 'global competition', 'diverse group', 'devotion people', 'heartwarming film', 'The Stadium', 'Better World', 'beautiful game', 'Cheers', 'expectations', 'effort', 'part', 'challenge', 'grabs', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Feb.', 'sport', 'positive', 'sights', 'badge', 'honour', 'minority', 'everyone', 'majority', 'comedic', 'forces', 'drive', 'inclusivity', 'Light', 'granddad', 'rain', 'shine', 'player', 'phrase', 'something', 'racist', 'change', 'education', 'perception', 'place', 'message', 'seats', 'select', 'stories', 'winners', 'realhardcorefans', 'HNKNFootball', 'edelman', 'marketer', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'HKHHY', 'website', 'theHEINEKE']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35987,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2826306/0/en/Believe-further-expands-in-Japan-unveils-new-imprint-dedicated-to-championing-Japanese-hip-hop-with-ellow-Bucks-Red-Eye-and-Issei-Uno-Fifth.html,Believe further expands in Japan  unveils new imprint dedicated to championing Japanese hip-hop with ¥ellow Bucks  Red Eye  and Issei Uno Fifth,Believe further expands in Japan  unveils new imprint dedicated to championing Japanese hip-hop with ¥ellow Bucks  Red Eye  and Issei Uno Fifth ...,"Believe further expands in Japan unveils new imprint dedicated to championing Japanese hip-hop with ¥ellow Bucks  Red Eye  and Issei Uno FifthThursday  February 8th  2024 – Believe  one of the world’s leading digital music companies  announces today the launch of ‘PLAYCODE’  a new imprint dedicated to championing the growing Japanese hip-hop music scene  including partnering with some of Japan’s leading acts: ¥ellow Bucks  Red Eye  and Issei Uno Fifth.This launch marks a new step in Believe’s expansion in Japan  less than a year since it began operating in the country  in October 2023. As part of Believe Japan’s Artist Services offering  ‘PLAYCODE’ aims at nurturing the booming local hip-hop music scene. It will combine Believe’s unique digital artist development capacities – strategic  marketing and financial support –  unrivalled local hip-hop expertise  and long-term partnerships with key digital players to accompany its artists at all stages of their careers reach wider audiences and grow their careers locally and internationally.With +450K monthly listeners on Spotify and 66 7K followers on YouTube  ¥ellow Bucks is one of the most influential hip-hop artists in Japan  whose breakthrough hit ‘YESSIR’ cumulates +36M views on YouTube and +25M listens on Spotify to date. After Red Eye winning the 16th High School Rap Championship in 2019  Red Eye has become a force to be reckoned within the hip-hop music scene  cumulating over 500K followers across all social platforms  with his ‘POCKET’ series reaching +8 million streams. Issei Uno Fifth’s massive hit ‘SLIDE’ gained popularity on TikTok  reaching +1.6M streams on Spotify and leading him to be one of the winners of TikTok’s Spotlight Programme.After creating a series of hip-hop focused imprints in Thailand (bYOND)  Italy (MAST) and France (Avant-Garde  AllPoints and Morning Glory)  the launch of ‘PLAYCODE’ confirms Believe’s long-lasting commitment to nurture and drive hip-hop independent artists to their utmost level all around the world  all the while remaining in full control of their creative freedom and careers.Mari Ochiai  Head of Artist Services  Believe Japan  said: ""Hip-hop in Japan is undergoing a massive shift  with more and more artists reaching growing audiences  both locally and beyond. The level of talent is outstanding and the potential for growth is massive. I am convinced that the launch of 'PLAYCODE’ will open a new chapter in Japanese hip-hop’s history. I look forward to joining hands Japan’s very best hip-hop talents  putting Believe’s unrivaled digital artist development expertise at their service to create the future of Japanese hip-hop!”Sylvain Delange  Managing Director  APAC  Believe  said: “Only a few months after the launch of Believe in Japan  we are proud to unveil 'PLAYCODE’  with the aim of supporting the growth of a healthy  professionalized and industry-leading hip-hop ecosystem in Japan. We could not dream of better ambassadors than ‘¥ellow Bucks’  ‘Red Eye’  and ‘Issei Uno Fifth’ to join force with us and ascend Japanese hip-hop to mainstream acclaim. Coupled with Mari’s unparalleled expertise  deep-rooted passion for Japanese Hip Hop and visionary leadership  we are confident that 'PLAYCODE' will serve as a beacon for the entire Japanese hip-hop community  fostering creativity  collaboration  and innovation.”*****About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 720 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). Believe.comPress contacts:Manon JESSUA – manon.jessua@believe.comAnass BENDAFI – anass.bendafi@agenceproches.com | Cell: +33 6 80 42 51 84Investor Relations contact:Emilie MEGEL – emilie.megel@believe.com | +33 6 07 09 98 60Attachment",neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,positive,0.81,0.17,0.02,True,English,"['Issei Uno Fifth', 'new imprint', 'Japanese hip-hop', '¥ellow Bucks', 'Red Eye', 'Believe', '16th High School Rap Championship', 'booming local hip-hop music scene', 'unique digital artist development capacities', 'unrivaled digital artist development expertise', 'growing Japanese hip-hop music scene', 'unrivalled local hip-hop expertise', 'leading digital music companies', 'entire Japanese hip-hop community', 'unique digital expertise', 'digital music experts', 'key digital players', 'Artist Services offering', 'Issei Uno Fifth', '+450K monthly listeners', 'hip-hop focused imprints', 'best hip-hop talents', 'industry-leading hip-hop ecosystem', 'global technology platform', 'Investor Relations contact', 'Japanese Hip Hop', 'influential hip-hop artists', 'hip-hop independent artists', 'growing audiences', 'unparalleled expertise', 'leading acts', 'digital world', 'new imprint', '¥ellow Bucks', 'Red Eye', 'February 8th', 'new step', 'strategic, marketing', 'financial support', 'long-term partnerships', 'wider audiences', '66,7K followers', '+36M views', '+25M listens', '500K followers', 'social platforms', '+8 million streams', 'massive hit', '+1.6M streams', 'Spotlight Programme', 'Morning Glory', 'lasting commitment', 'full control', 'creative freedom', 'massive shift', 'new chapter', 'Sylvain Delange', 'Managing Director', 'healthy, professionalized', 'mainstream acclaim', 'visionary leadership', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment B', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press contacts', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'emilie.megel', 'POCKET’ series', 'utmost level', 'Mari Ochiai', 'various solutions', 'Manon JESSUA', 'Anass BENDAFI', 'Believe Japan', 'Thursday', 'launch', 'PLAYCODE', 'expansion', 'country', 'October', 'stages', 'careers', 'Spotify', 'YouTube', 'breakthrough', 'YESSIR', 'date', 'force', 'SLIDE', 'popularity', 'TikTok', 'winners', 'Thailand', 'bYOND', 'Italy', 'MAST', 'France', 'Avant-Garde', 'AllPoints', 'Head', 'potential', 'growth', 'history', 'hands', 'future', 'ambassadors', 'beacon', 'creativity', 'collaboration', 'innovation', 'mission', 'labels', 'Group', '1,720 employees', '50 countries', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'TuneCore', 'Ishtar', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'agenceproches', 'Cell', 'Attachment']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35988,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/99615/hbl-microfinance-bank-protects-app-with-verimatrix,HBL Microfinance Bank protects app with Verimatrix,Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that HBL Microfinance Bank Ltd (HBL MfB) is among the latest financial institutions in the South Asia region to deploy the Veri…,Source: VerimatrixVerimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that HBL Microfinance Bank Ltd (HBL MfB) is among the latest financial institutions in the South Asia region to deploy the Verimatrix Extended Threat Defense (XTD) app shielding service to protect FirstPay  the bank’s mobile wallet app.Earlier this month  HBL MfB added Verimatrix XTD protections to its FirstPay mobile app that has seen 1 million+ downloads to date between the Google Play Store and the Apple App Store. Verimatrix XTD greatly reduces the chances of cybercriminals using the app to infiltrate connected enterprises while deploying the latest obfuscation  anti-tamper and anti-reverse engineering techniques to prevent threats before they can compromise both the mobile app -- and the enterprise.“We’re pleased to announce that HBL Microfinance Bank’s FirstPay mobile app will now serve its customer base with the reassurance that Verimatrix’s XTD app shielding service is proactively providing the needed protections against attackers looking to exploit app-related vulnerabilities ” said Tom Powledge  Head of Cybersecurity Business for Verimatrix. “It’s through this strategic effort to maximize protections during the ongoing development process that XTD greatly reduces the chances of attack while also providing the visibility and insights needed to identify and remediate potential threats. That’s especially critical for mobile apps that deliver such bedrock services such as basic banking needs to so many.”Mustafa Jamshed Gillani  Chief Digital & Financial Inclusion Officer at HBL MfB  said “This partnership marks a significant milestone in our journey toward digital financial inclusion and providing safe and secure mobile banking services. At HBL Microfinance Bank  our customers are our priority which is why it is our mandate to offer convenience and financial security through FirstPay. As a mobile wallet backed by a leading microfinance bank  Firstpay is on a mission to provide accessible digital lending solutions to the unbanked.”Waqas Haider  Chief Information Security Officer at HBL MfB  said  “In line with our leadership’s vision of digital financial inclusion and digital banking for the unbanked  we are strongly geared toward providing secure and stable mobile banking services to our valued customers. In doing so  we put regulatory requirements first and foremost in our approach of secure design. We are proud to have such a focused team with a single vision to deliver stable and secure mobile banking service to our valued customers.”,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.25,0.25,True,English,"['HBL Microfinance Bank', 'app', 'Verimatrix', 'accessible digital lending solutions', 'Verimatrix Extended Threat Defense', 'XTD) app shielding service', 'XTD app shielding service', 'Chief Information Security Officer', 'secure mobile banking service', 'HBL Microfinance Bank Ltd', 'stable mobile banking services', 'basic banking needs', 'Financial Inclusion Officer', 'leading microfinance bank', 'South Asia region', 'Google Play Store', 'anti-reverse engineering techniques', 'ongoing development process', 'Mustafa Jamshed Gillani', 'Apple App Store', 'latest financial institutions', 'digital financial inclusion', 'mobile wallet app', 'FirstPay mobile app', 'Verimatrix XTD protections', 'digital banking', 'Chief Digital', 'financial security', 'bedrock services', 'mobile apps', 'secure design', 'people-centered security', 'HBL MfB', 'Euronext Paris', '1 million+ downloads', 'connected enterprises', 'customer base', 'app-related vulnerabilities', 'Tom Powledge', 'Cybersecurity Business', 'strategic effort', 'significant milestone', 'Waqas Haider', 'regulatory requirements', 'focused team', 'valued customers', 'potential threats', 'single vision', 'Source', 'VMX', 'leader', 'modern', 'world', 'date', 'chances', 'cybercriminals', 'anti-tamper', 'reassurance', 'attackers', 'Head', 'visibility', 'insights', 'partnership', 'journey', 'safe', 'priority', 'convenience', 'mission', 'line', 'unbanked', 'approach']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,finextra.com
35989,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GUERBET-5011/news/Guerbet-2023-revenue-45915818/,Guerbet: 2023 revenue -February 08  2024 at 11:47 am EST,(marketscreener.com) GuerbetGuerbet: 2023 revenue 08-Feb-2024 / 17:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.2023 revenue Activity…,2023 revenueActivityAnnual revenue: €785.7m  up 6.4% at CER [1] and 5.9% like-for-like [2] and at CER  in line with the announced target (> 5%).[1] [2] Sharp acceleration in growth in the 4 th quarter (+17.9% at CER)  driven by the performance of the Americas region  at +39%2023 profitabilityThe restated EBITDA margin [3] will be higher than the 11% initially anticipated2024 guidanceRevenue: anticipated growth of more than 8% like-for-like and at CERProfitability: confirmation of the objective of a restated EBITDA margin higher than that recorded in 2021 (14.4%).Villepinte  8 February 2023: Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast agents and solutions for medical imaging  is publishing its annual revenue. At 31 December 2023  Group sales totalled €785.7 million (€m)  up 4.3% from its figure in 2022. This performance includes an unfavourable foreign exchange effect of €15.5m  mainly due to the depreciation of Asian currencies. Activity at constant exchange rates (CER1) was up 6.4% over the year. Excluding Intrasense  which has been consolidated since 1 January 2023  Guerbet’s growth on a like-for-like2 basis came to 5.9% in 2024. Perfectly in line with the announced target (>5%)  this strong performance was fuelled by both an increase in volumes and positive price effects.In the fourth quarter of 2023 alone  growth at CER stood at +17.9%  in line with the announced target of a double-digit increase based on both a solid rebound in the United States and dynamic sales in Interventional Imaging.Breakdown by quarter of consolidated Group revenue (IFRS) by activityIn € millions 2022 2023 % change 2023 AT CER1 % change at CER1 Q1 181.1 179.8 -0.7% 178.7 -1.3% Q2 190.0 198.8 +4.6% 202.8 +6.7% Q3 198.1 195.2 -1.5% 202.8 +2.3% Q4 184.1 211.8 +15.1% 216.9 +17.9% Total 753.3 785.7 +4.3% 801.2 +6.4%Constant exchange rates (CER): the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous financial year.Geographical breakdown of consolidated Group revenue (IFRS)In millions of euros  at 31 December 2023 2022 2023 % change 2023 AT CER1 % change AT CER1 Sales in EMEA 328.6 348.2 +6.0% 348.4 +6.0% Sales in the Americas 228.5 223.6 -2.2% 225.5 -1.4% Sales in Asia 196.1 214.0 +9.1% 227.4 +15.9% Total 753.3 785.7 +4.3% 801.2 +6.4%Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous financial year.In the EMEA region  the Group’s activity increased by 6.0% at CER in 2023  a performance driven throughout the year by the combined increase in volumes and prices. After a slowdown in the third quarter linked to a demanding comparison base  growth in the region picked up again  reaching +7.7% at CER in the fourth quarter.In the Americas  CER sales fell slightly over the year (-1.4%). This change is the result of a decline in activity in the first nine months of the year  which was almost entirely offset by a robust catch-up in the fourth quarter  up 39% at CER (+36% at current exchange rates). This remarkable performance was driven by the approximately 20% increase in production capacity in Raleigh (North Carolina)  which followed the normalisation of production rates at this site during the first half of 2023.In Asia  activity posted very strong annual growth of +15.9% at CER. It was driven by the performance of China (+33.7% in 2024)  boosted by the implementation of Go-Direct in 2022. At current exchange rates  growth in Asia was reduced to 9.1% in 2023  with the currency effect (-€13.4 million) coming mainly from the depreciation of the Chinese  Japanese and Korean currencies.Breakdown of consolidated Group revenue (IFRS) by activityIn millions of euros  at 31 December 2023 2022 2023 % change 2023 AT CER1 % change AT CER1 Diagnostic Imaging 662.8 691.9 +4.4% 704.8 +6.3% MRI 247.5 256.9 +3.8% 260.2 +5.2% X-ray 415.3 435.0 +4.7% 444.6 +7.0% Interventional Imaging 90.4 93.8 +3.7% 96.4 +6.6% Total 753.3 785.7 +4.3% 801.2 +6.4%Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous financial year.The Diagnostic Imaging division posted revenue growth of 6.3 % at CER in 2023.In the MRI division  annual sales increased by 5.2% at CER (+3.8% at current exchange rates) thanks to a sharp acceleration in the fourth quarter (+28.6% at CER); this change resulted from the sharp recovery in volumes for Dotarem ® in the United States and the first sales of Elucirem TM in the second half of the year.X-ray sales grew 7% in 2023 at CER  thanks to the robust sales trend of Xenetix ®   which offset the decline in Optiray ® revenues; this trend reversed in the fourth quarter of 2023  a period marked by growth for the entire X-ray division of 12.5% at CER.In Interventional Imaging  CER activity was up 6.6% in 2023 in the wake of the continued strong momentum of Lipiodol® (+8.1% in 2022)  which accelerated significantly in the fourth quarter of 2023 (+19.3%).2024: Further acceleration in sales and confirmation of profitability targetFor the 2023 financial year  after meeting its sales growth target  Guerbet will achieve a restated EBITDA margin rate3 higher than the 11% expected. This objective is now largely supported by the favourable change in the product mix as well as cost control observed in the fourth quarter of 2023.After three consecutive quarters of growth in its activity  Guerbet is approaching the 2024 financial year with serenity. The Group expects significant growth in a still buoyant market for contrast products  which it addresses with an innovative offering that meets the needs of healthcare professionals as closely as possible. In MRI in particular  Guerbet relies on a single portfolio with Dotarem® and EluciremTM through its dual positioning on old and new-generation macrocyclical products. With regard to EluciremTM in particular  a sharp increase in sales is expected in 2024  fuelled by the product’s ramp-up in the United States with the completion of the current approval processes  and by its launch in Europe  where the European Commission granted its marketing authorisation on 11 December.Against this backdrop  Guerbet expects another year of sustained development accompanied by a rebound in profitability. For 2024  the Group expects revenue growth of more than 8% on a like-for-like and CER basis and confirms its target of a restated EBITDA margin rate3 higher than that recorded in 2021 (14.4%).Next event:Publication of full-year results20 March 2024 after market closeAbout GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a leader in medical imaging worldwide  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. A pioneer in contrast media for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 10% of our sales to research and development in four centres in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B–mid caps) and generated €786 million in revenue in 2023.Forward-looking statementsCertain information contained in this press release does not reflect historical data but constitutes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates  forecasts  and assumptions  including but not limited to assumptions about the current and future strategy of the Group and the economic environment in which the Group operates. They involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that may result in a significant difference between the Group’s actual performance and results and those presented explicitly or implicitly by these forward-looking statements.These forward-looking statements are valid only as of the date of this press release  and the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or commitment to publish an update or revision of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect changes in their underlying assumptions  events  conditions  or circumstances. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are for illustrative purposes only. Forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Group’s control.These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analyses (including after a marketing authorization is granted)  decisions by regulatory authorities (such as the US Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency) regarding whether and when to approve any application for a drug  process  or biological product filed for any such product candidates  and their decisions regarding labeling and other factors that may affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. A detailed description of the risks and uncertainties related to the Group’s activities can be found in Chapter 4.9 “Risk factors” of the Group’s Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF (French financial markets authority) under number D.23-0203 on March 31  2023  available on the Group’s website (www.guerbet.com).Next event:Publication of full-year results20 March 2024 after market closeAbout GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a leader in medical imaging worldwide  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. A pioneer in contrast media for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 10% of our sales to research and development in four centres in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B–mid caps) and generated €786 million in revenue in 2023.Forward-looking statementsCertain information contained in this press release does not reflect historical data but constitutes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates  forecasts  and assumptions  including but not limited to assumptions about the current and future strategy of the Group and the economic environment in which the Group operates. They involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that may result in a significant difference between the Group’s actual performance and results and those presented explicitly or implicitly by these forward-looking statements.These forward-looking statements are valid only as of the date of this press release  and the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or commitment to publish an update or revision of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect changes in their underlying assumptions  events  conditions  or circumstances. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are for illustrative purposes only. Forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Group’s control.These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analyses (including after a marketing authorization is granted)  decisions by regulatory authorities (such as the US Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency) regarding whether and when to approve any application for a drug  process  or biological product filed for any such product candidates  and their decisions regarding labeling and other factors that may affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. A detailed description of the risks and uncertainties related to the Group’s activities can be found in Chapter 4.9 “Risk factors” of the Group’s Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF (French financial markets authority) under number D.23-0203 on March 31  2023  available on the Group’s website (www.guerbet.com).,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.14,0.33,True,English,"['Guerbet', '2023 revenue', 'February', '11', 'unfavourable foreign exchange effect', 'The Diagnostic Imaging division', 'positive price effects', 'demanding comparison base', 'exchange rate impact', 'constant exchange rates', 'current exchange rates', 'first nine months', 'CER1 Diagnostic Imaging', 'entire X-ray division', 'previous financial year', 'consolidated Group revenue', 'robust sales trend', 'strong annual growth', 'currency effect', 'production rates', 'Annual revenue', 'medical imaging', 'Interventional Imaging', 'robust catch-up', 'MRI division', 'first half', 'strong momentum', 'CER1 Q1', 'Group sales', 'first sales', 'Sharp acceleration', 'EBITDA margin', 'FR0000032526 GBT', 'global specialist', 'contrast agents', 'Asian currencies', 'solid rebound', 'United States', 'production capacity', 'North Carolina', 'Chinese, Japanese', 'Korean currencies', 'sharp recovery', 'Elucirem TM', 'second half', 'Optiray ® revenues', 'CER1 Sales', 'annual sales', '4 th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'third quarter', 'dynamic sales', 'X-ray sales', 'strong performance', 'revenue growth', '2023 revenue Activity', 'double-digit increase', 'CER1 % change', 'combined increase', 'Geographical breakdown', 'remarkable performance', 'like2 basis', 'EMEA region', 'Americas region', 'CER sales', 'CER activity', '20% increase', '2023 % change', 'line', 'target', '2023 profitability', '2024 guidance', 'confirmation', 'objective', 'Villepinte', 'Guerbet', 'solutions', '31 December', 'figure', 'depreciation', 'Intrasense', '1 January', 'volumes', 'IFRS', 'millions', 'Q2', 'Q3', 'Q4', 'Total', 'period', 'euros', 'prices', 'slowdown', 'result', 'Raleigh', 'normalisation', 'site', 'China', 'implementation', 'Go-Direct', 'Dotarem ®', 'Xenetix ®', 'wake', 'Lipiodol', '2021', '€']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35990,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Building-on-solid-FY-2023-results-Ipsen-anticipates-four-launches-in-2024-45909020/,Building on solid FY 2023 results  Ipsen anticipates four launches in 2024,(marketscreener.com) Total-sales growth in FY 2023 of 6.7% at CER1 included strong sales from the growth platforms2 and good contributions from the new medicines. A core operating margin of 32.0%   based on further enrichment of the pipeline and accelerated R…,Total-sales growth in FY 2023 of 6.7% at CER 1 (3.4% as reported) included strong sales from the growth platforms 2 and good contributions from the new medicines. A core operating margin of 32.0% (IFRS operating margin of 26.1%)  based on further enrichment of the pipeline and accelerated R&D investment  mainly from recent acquisitions(3.4% as reported) included strong sales from the growth platforms and good contributions from the new medicines. A core operating margin of 32.0% (IFRS operating margin of 26.1%)  based on further enrichment of the pipeline and accelerated R&D investment  mainly from recent acquisitions Financial guidance for 2024 3 comprises total-sales growth 4 greater than 6.0% at CER 1 and a core operating margin 5 around 30% of total sales  including the impact of four potential launches and an advancing pipelinecomprises total-sales growth greater than 6.0% at CER and a core operating margin around 30% of total sales  including the impact of four potential launches and an advancing pipeline A new phase of growth and mid-term financial outlook were outlined at the December 2023 capital-markets dayPARIS  FRANCE  8 February 2024 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company  today presents its financial results for the year and final quarter of 2023.Extract of consolidated results for FY 2023 and FY 20226:FY 2023 FY 2022 % change €m €m Actual CER1 Total Sales 3 127.5 3 025.0 3.4% 6.7% Core Operating Income 1 001.0 1 115.4 -10.3% Core operating margin 32.0% 36.9% -4.9% pts Core Consolidated Net Profit 765.5 872.4 -12.3% Core earnings per share (fully diluted) €9.15 €10.51 -13.0% IFRS Operating Income 816.0 729.9 11.8% IFRS operating margin 26.1% 24.1% 2.0% pts IFRS Consolidated Net Profit 647.2 647.5 - IFRS earnings per share (fully diluted) €7.73 €7.81 -1.0% Free Cash Flow 710.9 817.2 -13.0% Closing net cash 65.1 398.8 -83.7%“Solid results in the year have provided an excellent platform for Ipsen in 2024  an exciting period in which we anticipate four launches and further opportunities to expand the pipeline”  commented David Loew  Chief Executive Officer  Ipsen. “As Ipsen transforms  improving execution is supporting consistent sales growth  while the productive pipeline is yielding further encouraging results for patients.“Our external-innovation strategy  underpinned by a strong balance sheet  continues to extend the number of potential medicines across our three therapeutic areas. Following the acquisition of Albireo in 2023 and the successful launch of Bylvay  we look forward to more milestones this year and enriching the pipeline over time through additional external-innovation transactions. I am confident that this strategy will deliver more medicines for patients and ensure the sustainable growth of Ipsen.”2023 progressIpsen continued to deliver successfully in 2023 on its strategy  Focus. Together. For patients and society. The growth platforms produced a further double-digit performance  with Cabometyx and Dysport up by 22.9%7 and 14.5%7  respectively. There were contributions from the new medicines  Bylvay® (odevixibat)  Sohonos® (palovarotene) and Tazverik® (tazemetostat)  while Somatuline® (lanreotide)  continuing its gradual erosion (-10.4%7)  represented only 34% of total sales (FY 2022: 40%).The decline in the core operating margin to 32.0% (FY 2022: 36.9%) reflected enhanced investment from the acquisitions of Albireo and Epizyme  including a higher level of R&D expenses to fund the new pipeline. Ipsen ended the year with net cash of €65.1m  driven by solid free cash-flow generation of €710.9m.In March 2023  Ipsen enriched its Rare Disease portfolio and pipeline by acquiring Albireo  a leading innovator in bile-acid modulators to treat pediatric and adult cholestatic liver diseases. The primary focus of the transaction was Bylvay  a potent  once-daily  oral  non-systemic ileal bile acid transport inhibitor.Favorable pipeline developments in 2023 included positive results from the Phase III trials of elafibranor in primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) and Cabometyx in prostate cancer  respectively. Regulatory submission acceptances were received for Onivyde in first-line pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma(1L PDAC)  as well as for elafibranor. Sohonos and Bylvay were also granted approval during the year by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP) and Alagille syndrome  respectively.2024 priorities and financial guidanceIpsen anticipates four commercial launches in 2024  following regulatory decisions for Onivyde in 1L PDAC in the U.S (H1)  elafibranor in second-line PBC in the U.S. (H1) and in the E.U. (H2)  as well as odevixibat in Alagille syndrome in the E.U. (H2). Sohonos  in FOP  was recently launched in the U.S.The Company will continue to drive benefits from its global efficiencies program  leveraging its current platform  which provide significant further investment for launches and the pipeline.Ipsen has set the following financial guidance for FY 2024  which excludes any impact from potential late-stage external-innovation transactions:Total-sales growth greater than 6.0%  at constant currency. Based on the average level of exchange rates in January 2024  an adverse impact on total sales of around 1% from currencies is expectedCore operating margin around 30% of total sales  which includes additional R&D expenses from anticipated early and mid-stage external-innovation opportunitiesGuidance on total sales incorporates expectations for Somatuline of further generic lanreotide products in the U.S and E.U.Capital-markets day and mid-term financial outlookIpsen outlined its next phase of growth at its capital-market day  held in December 2023. Several current and potential near-term launches are set to be complemented by many pipeline milestones over the mid-term to build a strengthened and diversified business  including a combination of seven anticipated and current medicines  each with expected peak sales of at least €500m. This will be augmented by an active external-innovation strategy  designed to provide a platform to drive sustainable pipeline growth.The Company outlined the following mid-term financial outlook8:Total-sales average growth of at least 7% per year for the period 2023-2027 at constant exchange ratesA core operating margin in 2027 of at least 32% of total salesEnvironment  Social and Governance: Generation IpsenIpsen presented an ambitious sustainability roadmap at the aforementioned capital-markets day  based on Generation Ipsen  the strategy focused on four pillars: Environment  Patients  People and Governance. Good progress was made in 2023.Ipsen is committed to science-based reductions in greenhouse-gas emissions across the entire value chain. The Company achieved a 36% reduction in Scope 1 & 2 emissions in 2023 vs the 2019 baseline. Scope 3 reductions in 2023  against the same baseline year  amounted to 29%. Ipsen has the ambition to be carbon-neutral by the end of 2025 and reach net-zero emissions by 2045.With a key focus on patients  the Company has made progress to reduce the length of time between clinical-trial readouts and non-FDA/EMA9 regulatory submissions by 25%. In 2023  53% of the GLT was comprised of women versus 48% in 2022  while 43% of colleagues were engaged in healthcare or environmental projects in 2023.Finally  ISO37001 certification for anti-corruption management was renewed in the year.Consolidated financial statementsThe Board of Directors approved the consolidated financial statements on 7 February 2024. The consolidated financial statements have been audited and the Statutory Auditors’ report is in the process of being published. Ipsen’s comprehensive audited financial statements will be available in due course on ipsen.com (regulated-information section).Conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and analysts will begin today at 2pm CET. Participants can access the call and its details by registering here; webcast details can be found here.CalendarIpsen intends to publish its first-quarter sales update on 25 April 2024.NotesAll financial figures are in € millions (€m). The performance shown in this announcement covers the twelve-month period to 31 December 2023 (FY 2023) and the three-month period to 31 December 2023 (Q4 2023)  compared to the twelve-month period to 31 December 2022 (FY 2022) and the three-month period to 31 December 2022 (Q4 2022)  respectively  unless stated otherwise. Commentary is based on the performance in FY 2023  unless stated otherwise.About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience.Our pipeline is fueled by external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 100 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com .Ipsen contactsInvestorsCraig Marks +44 (0)7584 349 193Nicolas Bogler +33 6 52 19 98 92MediaAmy Wolf +41 79 576 07 23Ioana Piscociu +33 6 69 09 12 96Disclaimers and/or forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .1 At constant exchange rates (CER)  which exclude any foreign-exchange impact by recalculating the performance for the relevant period by applying the exchange rates used for the prior period.2 Dysport® (abobotulinumtoxinA)  Decapeptyl® (triptorelin)  Cabometyx® (cabozantinib) and Onivyde® (irinotecan).3 Excludes any impact from potential late-stage external-innovation transactions.4 Incorporates expectations for Somatuline of further generic-lanreotide products in the U.S and E.U. and excluding  based on the average level of exchange rates in January 2024  an adverse expected impact on total sales of around 1% from currencies.5 Includes additional R&D expenses from anticipated early and mid-stage external-innovation opportunities.6 Extract of consolidated results. The Company’s auditors performed an audit of the consolidated financial statements.7 At CER  which exclude any foreign-exchange impact by recalculating the performance for the relevant period by applying the exchange rates used for the prior period.8 Excluding the impact of any potential additional late-stage (Phase III clinical development or later) external-innovation opportunities.9 European Medicines Agency.Attachment,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['solid FY 2023 results', 'four launches', 'Ipsen', '2024', 'daily, oral, non-systemic ileal bile acid transport inhibitor', 'adult cholestatic liver diseases', 'first-line pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma', 'solid free cash-flow generation', 'global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company', 'Actual CER1 Total Sales', 'Core Consolidated Net Profit', 'global efficiencies program', 'core operating margin', 'Core Operating Income', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'three therapeutic areas', 'R&D expenses', 'Rare Disease portfolio', 'fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva', 'Free Cash Flow', 'IFRS operating margin', 'IFRS Operating Income', 'additional external-innovation transactions', 'Phase III trials', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'Regulatory submission acceptances', 'mid-term financial outlook', 'strong balance sheet', 'four commercial launches', 'R&D investment', 'four potential launches', 'following financial guidance', 'Favorable pipeline developments', 'consistent sales growth', 'U.S. Food', 'four launches', 'net cash', 'consolidated results', 'Core earnings', 'Solid results', 'strong sales', 'new phase', 'IFRS earnings', 'regulatory decisions', 'potential medicines', 'financial results', 'E.U.', 'Total-sales growth', 'growth platforms', 'December 2023 capital-markets', 'final quarter', 'excellent platform', 'exciting period', 'David Loew', 'encouraging results', 'successful launch', 'sustainable growth', 'double-digit performance', 'gradual erosion', 'higher level', 'leading innovator', 'bile-acid modulators', 'primary focus', 'positive results', 'prostate cancer', 'Drug Administration', 'Alagille syndrome', '1L PDAC', 'current platform', 'external-innovation strategy', 'new medicines', 'good contributions', 'recent acquisitions', 'advancing pipeline', 'productive pipeline', 'new pipeline', 'second-line PBC', 'FY', 'enrichment', 'impact', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '8 February', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'year', 'Extract', 'share', 'opportunities', 'execution', 'patients', 'number', 'Albireo', 'Bylvay', 'milestones', 'time', '2023 progress', 'society', 'Cabometyx', 'Dysport', 'odevixibat', 'Sohonos®', 'palovarotene', 'Tazverik', 'tazemetostat', 'Somatuline®', 'lanreotide', 'decline', 'enhanced', 'Epizyme', 'March', 'pediatric', 'elafibranor', 'Onivyde', 'approval', 'FDA', 'FOP', '2024 priorities', 'benefits', 'significant']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35991,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/08/avantax-advisory-services-inc-sells-1027-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Avantax Advisory Services Inc. Sells 1 027 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Avantax Advisory Services Inc. trimmed its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 18.5% in the third quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 4 5…,Avantax Advisory Services Inc. trimmed its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 18.5% in the third quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 4 538 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 1 027 shares during the period. Avantax Advisory Services Inc.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $1 196 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the business. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Public Storage by 0.3% in the 2nd quarter. State Street Corp now owns 11 209 856 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $3 271 933 000 after buying an additional 34 564 shares during the period. Capital International Investors increased its stake in shares of Public Storage by 37.3% in the 2nd quarter. Capital International Investors now owns 7 504 560 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2 190 431 000 after buying an additional 2 037 973 shares during the period. Geode Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Public Storage by 3.0% in the 2nd quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 3 856 537 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 125 369 000 after buying an additional 114 079 shares during the period. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in shares of Public Storage by 63.6% in the 1st quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 2 755 605 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $832 580 000 after buying an additional 1 071 347 shares during the period. Finally  Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at $670 512 000. 78.75% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.Get Public Storage alerts:Insiders Place Their BetsIn related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction dated Wednesday  December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total value of $74 775.05. Following the sale  the insider now owns 13 021 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $3 674 135.57. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC  which is available through this hyperlink. In other news  Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian sold 5 000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday  November 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $259.35  for a total value of $1 296 750.00. Following the transaction  the director now owns 30 163 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $7 822 774.05. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available through the SEC website. Also  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday  December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total value of $74 775.05. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now directly owns 13 021 shares in the company  valued at approximately $3 674 135.57. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days  insiders have sold 55 665 shares of company stock worth $15 268 673. Corporate insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock.Public Storage Stock PerformanceAnalysts Set New Price TargetsPSA stock opened at $281.21 on Thursday. The business’s 50-day moving average price is $289.22 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $274.61. The company has a current ratio of 0.98  a quick ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The firm has a market cap of $49.45 billion  a PE ratio of 25.78  a P/E/G ratio of 3.83 and a beta of 0.55. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $316.48.Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the company. Truist Financial lifted their target price on Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  December 28th. Wells Fargo & Company cut Public Storage from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $270.00 to $280.00 in a research note on Tuesday  December 12th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft began coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  January 30th. They set a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. The Goldman Sachs Group lifted their price objective on Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  January 11th. Finally  Evercore ISI lifted their price objective on Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the stock an “in-line” rating in a research note on Monday  November 27th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat  the stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $296.25.Get Our Latest Research Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['Avantax Advisory Services Inc.', 'Public Storage', '1,027 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'Avantax Advisory Services Inc.', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'real estate investment trust', 'Geode Capital Management LLC', '50-day moving average price', 'Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian', 'Several equities research analysts', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'One investment analyst', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Capital International Investors', 'State Street Corp', 'last ninety days', 'New Price Targets', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'equal weight” rating', 'other institutional investors', 'other hedge funds', 'Public Storage alerts', 'recent SEC filing', 'target price', 'price objective', 'recent filing', 'other news', 'Norges Bank', 'research note', 'NYSE:PSA', 'Free Report', 'third quarter', 'Exchange Commission', '2nd quarter', '1st quarter', '4th quarter', 'related news', 'total value', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'Truist Financial', 'buy” rating', 'Wells Fargo', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'Evercore ISI', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'SEC website', 'new stake', 'November 20th', 'Corporate insiders', 'PSA stock', 'December 12th', 'additional 34,564 shares', 'additional 2,037,973 shares', 'additional 114,079 shares', 'additional 1,071,347 shares', 'company stock', '4,538 shares', '1,027 shares', '11,209,856 shares', '7,504,560 shares', '3,856,537 shares', '2,755,605 shares', '265 shares', '13,021 shares', '5,000 shares', '30,163 shares', '55,665 shares', 'holdings', 'Securities', 'period', 'number', 'business', 'Bets', 'transaction', 'sale', 'document', 'hyperlink', 'Monday', 'Wednesday', 'completion', 'disclosure', 'Thursday', 'debt', 'firm', 'beta', 'Tuesday', 'coverage', '30th', 'January', 'line', '11.']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,etfdailynews.com
35992,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Waga-Energy-Strong-increase-in-revenue-74-commissioning-of-first-international-units-and-acc-45909141/,Waga Energy: Strong increase in revenue (+74%)  commissioning of first international units and accelerated rollout in the United States -February 08  2024 at 01:03 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Waga EnergyWaga Energy: Strong increase in revenue   commissioning of first international units and accelerated rollout in the United States 08-Feb-2024 / 07:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by…,"Strong increase in revenue (+74%)  commissioning of first international units and accelerated rollout in the United States2023 revenue: €33.3 million (unaudited)Consolidated revenue up 74%.336 GWh (1 146 480 MMBtu) of renewable natural gas (RNG) injected into the grid.55 000 tons of eqCO 2 equivalent avoided [1] .[1] Commissioning of 5 new WAGABOX® units  including 3 internationally.6 contracts signed in the US  confirming breakthrough in North America.18 owned-operated units  representing an installed capacity of 675 GWh per year.37 secured-projects as of December 31  2023  representing an installed production capacity of over 2.2 TWh per year (with 0.6 TWh/year of non-owned units).Unaudited revenue 2023 2022 Chg. Number of units in operation (at year-end) 18 13 +38% Renewable natural gas (RNG) production for the year (GWh) 336 216 +55% Renewable natural gas (RNG) / gas purification service sales (€m)[2] 23.7 15.1 +57% Sale of equipment (€m)[3] 9.0 3.6 +149% O&M and other services (€m)[4] 0.6 0.5 +32% Consolidated revenue 33.3 19.2 +74%Waga Energy reported €33.3 million in consolidated revenue for 2023  up 74% versus 2022.In 2023  the installed base of WAGABOX® units injected 336 GWh (1 146 480 MMBtu) of RNG (+55%)  with 63 GWh (214 964 MMBtu) internationally. This acceleration is due to the commissioning of 5 new units  including 3 outside France (2 in Canada and 1 in Spain)  representing a major milestone in the international deployment of the solution. The Spanish unit and one of the two Canadian units are large-capacity plants capable of producing three to five times more than standard French units. International production units account for 14% of the Group revenue generated by RNG sales and purification services.Throughout 2023  Waga Energy's operations teams have maintained a high level of performance: the installed base achieved an average uptime of 95.7% on units that were in operation for more than 12 months  and of 94.2% including the units commissioned in 2023  and notably the first international units.In 2023  Waga Energy kick-started the construction of 6 new WAGABOX® units in the United States  confirming its breakthrough in this strategic market. These new contracts represent additional production capacity of 660 GWh (2 252 000 MMBtu) per year  comparable with the total installed capacity of the 17 units commissioned in France since 2017.December 31  2023 December 31  2022 Number Capacity (TWh/y) Number Capacity (TWh/y) Total 37 2.2 31 1.5 Owned-Units 33 1.6 27 0.9 In operation 18 0.7 13 0.4 Under construction 15 1.0 14 0.5 Non-Owned Units 4 0.6 4 0.6 In operation 2 0.1 2 0.1 Under construction 2 0.4 2 0.4Mathieu Lefebvre  Waga Energy CEO  commented:""2023 saw Waga Energy turn in an outstanding performance  characterized by the commissioning of its first international units in Canada and Spain. We illustrated the robustness of our technology  our operational excellence  and our ability to overcome technical and regulatory constraints  in order to successfully carry out our projects at the service of the energy transition and the fight against global warming. From a business standpoint  this year's signed projects in the United States alone represent a higher recurring revenue that what has been secured since the Group was founded in 2015. This successful breakthrough in a highly strategic market reflects the interest expressed in our solution among local waste treatment operators. In a global economic environment favorable to renewable natural gas  we continue to deliver on the plan presented at the time of our IPO.""AmbitionsWaga Energy will hold a Capital Markets Day today at 2:00 p.m.  Central European Time (CET). A press release was issued today  outlining the key takeaways of this presentation with a focus on the Group's guidance. The press release and presentation can be downloaded from the 'Investors' section of our corporate website.Upcoming events:FY 2023 results on April 29  2024  after market close.Annual General Meeting on June 27  2024.About Waga EnergyWaga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas – RNG – (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas distribution networks that supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for fossil natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it produces or by offering a purification service. As of December 31  2023  Waga Energy owns and operates 18 WAGABOX® units in France  Spain and Canada  representing an installed capacity of 675 GWh per year (2 303 195 MMBtu). Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy is listed on Euronext Paris.DisclaimerThis press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Waga Energy in any country.This press release contains forward-looking statements and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by Waga Energy. Waga Energy operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. Waga Energy draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results and cash flows and the development of the sector in which Waga Energy operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. In addition  even if Waga Energy’ financial position  results  cash flows and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this press release  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of Waga Energy’ future results or developments. Readers are advised to carefully consider the risk factors described in Chapter 3 “Risk factors” of the 2022 universal registration document approved by the French Market Authority on June 16  2023 under number R.23-029 and Section 7 “Description of the main risks and uncertainties for the coming six months” of the 2023 half-year financial report. Should all or any part of these risk factors materialize or others  in no case whatsoever will Waga Energy be liable to anyone for any decision made or action taken in conjunction with the information and/or statements in this press release or for any related damages. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. Waga Energy makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it.CONTACTLaurent BarbotinHead of Investor Relations+33 772 771 185laurent.barbotin@waga-energy.com",neutral,0.28,0.71,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.36,0.21,True,English,"['first international units', 'Waga Energy', 'Strong increase', 'United States', 'revenue', 'commissioning', 'rollout', 'February', '01:03', 'local waste treatment operators', 'gas purification service sales', 'Capital Markets Day', 'Annual General Meeting', 'renewable natural gas', 'gas distribution networks', 'fossil natural gas', 'global economic environment', 'two Canadian units', 'standard French units', 'first international units', 'Central European Time', 'higher recurring revenue', 'additional production capacity', 'patented purification technology', 'total installed capacity', 'International production units', '5 new WAGABOX® units', '6 new WAGABOX® units', 'Waga Energy CEO', 'landfill operators', 'landfill gas', 'raw gas', 'international deployment', 'purification services', '5 new units', '18 WAGABOX® units', 'global warming', 'RNG sales', '18 owned-operated units', 'owned units', 'new contracts', 'energy transition', 'Strong increase', 'United States', 'North America', 'O&M', 'other services', 'major milestone', 'Spanish unit', 'large-capacity plants', 'operations teams', 'high level', 'average uptime', 'Mathieu Lefebvre', 'operational excellence', 'regulatory constraints', 'business standpoint', 'press release', 'key takeaways', ""Investors' section"", 'corporate website', 'Upcoming events', 'FY 2023 results', 'Euronext Paris', 'Number Capacity', 'Consolidated revenue', 'Unaudited revenue', 'RNG) production', 'strategic market', 'long-term contracts', 'outstanding performance', 'successful breakthrough', 'Group revenue', '17 units', '2023 revenue', '6 contracts', 'commissioning', 'rollout', '336 GWh', '6,480 MMBtu', 'grid', '55,000 tons', 'eqCO', '675 GWh', 'year', '37 secured-projects', 'December', '2.2 TWh', '0.6 TWh', 'equipment', 'base', '63 GWh', '214,964 MMBtu', 'acceleration', 'France', 'Canada', 'Spain', 'solution', 'three', '12 months', 'construction', '660 GWh', '252,000 MMBtu', 'Owned-Units', 'turn', 'robustness', 'ability', 'technical', 'order', 'fight', 'interest', 'IPO', 'Ambitions', 'CET', 'presentation', 'focus', 'guidance', 'April', 'June', 'EPA', 'biomethane', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'substitute', 'supply', 'income', '303,195 MMBtu', 'Disclaimer', 'information', 'offer', '2:00']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35993,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Waga-Energy-Strategy-update-45909235/,Waga Energy: Strategy update -February 08  2024 at 01:17 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Waga EnergyWaga Energy: Strategy update 08-Feb-2024 / 07:15 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. Strategy upda…,"Waga EnergyWaga Energy: Strategy update08-Feb-2024 / 07:15 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Strategy update Commercial successes and international accelerationin a context of strong global demand for Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) Guidance for 2026 confirmed and profitability targeted in fiscal 2025 Strategic priorities for 2024-2026: Step up the Group's development in Europe and North AmericaKick-start selective deployment in other regions with strong potentialIncrease the industrial production capacity of WAGABOX® unitsMaintain the high level of operational excellence and profitability of operating unitsAccelerate the pace of assembly and installation for WAGABOX® units under constructionConsolidate the Group's technological edge Financial outlook for 2024-2026: Backed by a substantial pipeline and nearly €100 million in annual contractual and recurring revenue [1]   Waga Energy confirms its guidance for 2026: Revenue of ~€200 million Installed capacity of ~4 TWh per year (~13 648 000 MMBtu) [2] Annual contractual and recurring revenue in excess of €400 million Installed capacity to avoid emissions of 660 000 tons of eqCO 2 per year[1] Investment plan bolstered to help accelerate worldwide expansion Group break-even point (EBITDA) achieved in fiscal 2025 with growth momentum maintained.Waga Energy (EPA: WAGA)  a global expert in the production of Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) from landfills  today holds a Capital Markets Day with the management team presenting the Group's strategic ambitions out to 2024-2026. This event will serve as an opportunity to review the Group's recent progress in business and operations as well as specifying the resources deployed to achieve its guidance for 2026 and support its future development.Mathieu Lefebvre  Guénaël Prince and Nicolas Paget  co-founders of Waga Energy  commented: ""Since its founding  Waga Energy has committed to the fight against climate change  developing and providing its partners with innovative industrial solutions that focus on the recovery and upgrading of landfill gas. Landfills are a major source of methane emissions  a fast-growing and powerful greenhouse gases  accounting for 40% of global warming[3]. Converting these emissions into Renewable Natural Gas is one of the most effective ways to mitigate short-term climate change  while producing a renewable  local energy that can substitute fossil fuels. We achieved some major milestones  just over two years after our IPO: we doubled the number of operational WAGABOX® units and tripled our annual revenue  while also tripling annual contractual and recurring revenue and CO2 emissions avoided. Building on the trust of our partners  customers and shareholders  the Group has transformed into a leading player in the production of RNG from landfills. Waga Energy is now stepping up its international industrial  commercial and operational development on a global scale. All our teams have a clearly defined ambition for 2026: to cement the Group's position in France and accelerate growth across Europe and North America  where we have already secured major contracts. We are also ready to grasp new opportunities in regions with high demand for RNG  while securing our capabilities to deploy WAGABOX® units  ensuring their continued operation  and enhancing our technology solutions. Thanks to a growing project portfolio and expanding pipeline  we are thrilled to present our strategic ambitions to our shareholders and stakeholders today."" Our ambitions for 2026 reflect the Group's determination to elevate its global presence while contributing to shaping a circular  resilient and sustainable economy for local communities. It will be based on several strategic drivers: A strong and sustainable footprint in North America Established in Canada since 2021  the Group is now stepping up its presence in the United States  where 2 700 landfills represent a huge source of methane emissions with energy recovery potential of more than 100 TWh per year (341 215 000 MMBtu)[4]. Multiple commercial successes were achieved with 7 signed projects: in 2022 with Steuben County (New York State  US);in 2023 with Casella Waste Systems (US) for three projects  with Scott County (Davenport  Iowa  US)  Chester County (Narvon  Pennsylvania  US)  and with Decatur Hills Landfill (Greensburg  Indiana  US). Waga Energy has also entered exclusive negotiations for additional projects with potential installed capacity in excess of 1 TWh per year (3 412 000 MMBtu). In addition  Waga Energy continues to execute its plan in Canada  where two of the four secured projects were commissioned in recent months: in May 2023 with Enercycle and Énergir (Saint-Étienne-des-Grés  Québec Province  Canada);in December 2023 with Matrec-GFL  a division of GFL Environmental Inc (Chicoutimi  Québec Province  Canada). Continued expansion in Europe  second priority region In addition to its strengthened portfolio in France  with 23 projects in operation or under construction  Waga Energy is ramping up its development in the Iberian Peninsula  where the Group already operates one production unit  and in the United Kingdom and Italy which are the other priority markets. Going forward  targeted expansion in high-demand countries The Group is also considering other markets with high demand for landfill gas recovery solutions  and favorable regulatory and/or economic conditions. Negotiations are ongoing with landfill operators in Brazil and Mexico  and some projects have already entered an exclusive negotiation stage. São Paulo alone has 32 landfills with energy potential of 2 to 3 TWh per year (6 824 000 to 10 236 000 MMBtu). Increasing production capacity for WAGABOX® units Waga Energy has developed a complete range of units that can be deployed in most landfills in a standardized  modular way. To support business momentum  the Group has forged closer relationships with some long-standing suppliers  all the while diversifying its overall supply. Operational efficiency is driven by streamlined procedures  quality management  and anticipating critical component supply  and supplemented by continuous cost control. The Group aims to double its production capacity to be able to commission 24 WAGABOX® units a year by 2026. Continuing a portfolio of high-value projects Waga Energy boasts a portfolio of high-quality projects  delivering a high-value asset due to their characteristics: best-in-class operator partners and customers  attractive and fully secure Internal Rate of Return (IRR)  reusable WAGABOX® units long-term endorsed by 10-25-year gas rights purchase contracts and 10-20-year offtake RNG sales contracts which are recognized for their quality and can be financed with high debt leverage. The indicators below demonstrate the portfolio's high value: At end-2023  annual contractual and recurring revenue totaled approximately €100 million;Estimated total annual capacity for projects in phase 3 of the pipeline[5] is around 2.7 TWh per year (9 213 000 MMBtu);of the pipeline[5] Estimated total annual capacity for projects in phase 2 of the pipeline [6] is around 4.3 TWh per year (14 672 000 MMBtu);[6] 11 of the 14 units in operation for over 12 months have a project EBITDA margin [7] between 30% and 65% (versus a guidance range of 30% to 50% at the time of the IPO);[7] average debt leverage for projects with finalized long-term financing is approximately 80%;the average residual term of RNG sales contracts for units in operation is 12.2 years [8] ;[8] the average residual term of biogas purchase contracts for units in operation or under construction is 17.2 years [9] . Constantly innovating to sustain a technological edge On top of securing international supplies and logistics flows  the Group actively conducts R&D. On the one hand  this involves upgrading the current range of WAGABOX® units with optimizations and innovative new technology add-ons  and on the other  preparing future units for the special features of the Group's target markets. CO2 recovery  RNG purification and liquefaction are some of the R&D department priorities. Tapping into its many talents  the Group seeks to stay at the forefront of innovation for the benefit of its customers  while reducing the environmental footprint of its facilities. Championing global training and local hires Considering the Group's globalized vision and buoyant growth  from day one  Waga Energy based its HR policy on four pillars: a local foothold to ensure customer proximity and in-depth understanding of grassroots needs;a global organization to share best practice and promote the Group's mindset;first-class specialization and expertise among employees;a culture of loyal teams. Drawing on its strong appeal to recruit the talents needed for growth  Waga Energy has reorganized to share know-how with new hires. Actively coordinating Waga Energy's CSR approach Waga Energy's corporate culture is founded on strong principles of responsibility  inspired by best practice in Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG). In 2023  the Group published a ESG & Sustainability Report  established a CSR Committee reporting directly to the Executive Committee  and conducted its first-ever carbon assessment (scopes 1 & 2). In January 2024  the EthiFinance rating agency awarded Waga Energy a score of 81/100 for its ""advanced"" non-financial performance  up 16 points from 2023 and 31 points above average for companies in its sector[10]. Waga Energy's ambitions for 2026 include financial and business targets that will help to fight global warming and drive forward the energy transition. Below  a breakdown: Guidance for 2026 confirmed Consistent with the guidance provided at the time of its IPO on the Euronext Paris regulated market in October 2021  the Group reiterates its confidence in its ability to generate revenue of ~€200 million  with an installed capacity of ~4 TWh per year (13 648 000 MMBtu)[11]  and now targets annual contractual and recurring revenue in excess of €400 million by end-2026. Attaining this installed capacity target will avoid the annual emission of 660 000 tons of CO2 eq. Update on investment plan To align with its guidance out to 2026  Waga Energy plans to invest around €600 and €750 million between 2022 and 2026  including a share of debt between 60% and 80% which will vary depending on the type of project and region. The estimated amount of these investments factors in the following: a larger share of high-capacity projects in North America; a larger share of Balance of Plant works on North American projects; the impact of inflation post-IPO; and the implementation of a strategy to prefabricate WAGABOX® units in order to further boost growth. The updated investment plan in no way affects project profitability  which is sustained thanks to higher RNG sales prices  adjustments to site operator payments and other inflation-indexed measures. To finance these investments  Waga Energy will be able to use cash flow from projects in operation and several available options which include construction debt  project debt  equity  subsidies and corporate debt. EBITDA break-even point achieved in 2025 with no slowdown in growth The gradual expansion of the WAGABOX® unit base  coupled with long-term contract commitments signed with customers  ensures steady growth in annual contractual and recurring revenue for the Group on the basis of projects secured and in operation. At end-2023  this revenue totaled around €100 million. In view of this annual contractual and recurring revenue  the Group's targeted project EBITDA and the costs already incurred to structure the Company and help accelerate its development  Waga Energy's goal is to achieve break even in EBITDA during fiscal 2025. Today  Waga Energy issued a press release to announce its 2023 revenue.About Waga Energy Waga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas – RNG – (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas distribution networks that supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for fossil natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it produces or by offering a purification service. As of December 31  2023  Waga Energy owns and operates 18 WAGABOX® units in France  Spain and Canada  representing an installed capacity of 675 GWh per year (2 303 195 MMBtu). Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy is listed on Euronext Paris. Disclaimer This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Waga Energy in any country. This press release contains forward-looking statements and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by Waga Energy. Waga Energy operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. Waga Energy draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results and cash flows and the development of the sector in which Waga Energy operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. In addition  even if Waga Energy’ financial position  results  cash flows and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this press release  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of Waga Energy’ future results or developments. Readers are advised to carefully consider the risk factors described in Chapter 3 “Risk factors” of the 2022 universal registration document approved by the French Market Authority on June 16  2023 under number R.23-029 and Section 7 “Description of the main risks and uncertainties for the coming six months” of the 2023 half-year financial report. Should all or any part of these risk factors materialize or others  in no case whatsoever will Waga Energy be liable to anyone for any decision made or action taken in conjunction with the information and/or statements in this press release or for any related damages. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. Waga Energy makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it. CONTACT Laurent BarbotinHead of Investor Relations+33 772 771 185laurent.barbotin@waga-energy.com [1] Annual contractual and recurring revenue corresponds to the revenue the Group expects to generate over a period of 10 to 20 years from long-term RNG sales contracts and upgrading service contracts. It is not a forecast and is intended to represent the current potential of the installed base of WAGABOX® units and those under construction. For RNG sales contracts  revenue depends on the price paid by the offtaker and the Group's expected sales volumes based on the audit performed prior to each project. [2] Includes 0.6 TWh per year (2 000 000 MMBtu) in units that are not directly owned by Waga Energy. [3] IPCC 2021 Report [4] Source: Company estimate based on data from the EPA (US Environmental Protection Agency) [5] Phase 3 refers to projects under contractual negotiations [6] Phase 2 refers to projects with a submitted bid [7] Project EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation & Amortization) is an indicator of operating performance (unaudited data)  defined as operating income before non-recurring items restated for net depreciation and amortization on property  plant and equipment  intangible assets  and provisions  as well as expenses related to share-based payments  which are calculated on a project basis. Unlike EBITDA  Project EBITDA does not recognize specific fixed costs (rental costs outside the scope of IFRS 16  administrative and finance costs  etc.) and recurring overheads. Project EBITDA margin is calculated by dividing Project EBITDA by revenue for a specific project. [8] Based on current projects  weighted by production volume. [9] Equals the residual term of biogas purchase and recovery service contracts for secured projects (in operation and under construction)  as weighted by expected production volumes and excluding projects currently selling equipment. [10] EthiFinance benchmark criteria: company size in employee terms (100 to 250)  revenue > €5m in France's ""Industry"" sector. Sample of 2023 ratings using 2022 data and including 8 companies. [11] Includes 0.6 TWh per year (2 000 000 MMBtu) in units that are not directly owned. Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: PR_2024-02-08_Waga Energy Capital Markets Day 2024_EN1",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Waga Energy', 'Strategy update', 'February', '01:17', 'worldwide expansion Group break-even point', 'Guénaël Prince', 'French Regulatory News', 'Kick-start selective deployment', 'Capital Markets Day', 'powerful greenhouse gases', 'Casella Waste Systems', 'Québec Province', 'GFL Environmental Inc', 'second priority region', 'Renewable Natural Gas', 'innovative industrial solutions', 'several strategic drivers', 'New York State', 'Decatur Hills Landfill', 'international industrial, commercial', 'Multiple commercial successes', 'short-term climate change', 'four secured projects', 'renewable, local energy', 'fiscal 2025 Strategic priorities', 'growing project portfolio', 'energy recovery potential', 'operational WAGABOX® units', 'strong global demand', 'industrial production capacity', 'potential installed capacity', 'landfill gas', 'strong potential', 'international acceleration', 'new opportunities', 'high demand', 'technology solutions', 'local communities', 'operational excellence', 'operating units', 'global expert', 'global warming', 'global scale', 'strategic ambitions', 'Waga Energy', 'Strategy update', 'North America', 'high level', 'technological edge', 'Financial outlook', 'substantial pipeline', 'annual contractual', 'management team', 'recent progress', 'Mathieu Lefebvre', 'Nicolas Paget', 'major source', 'effective ways', 'fossil fuels', 'major milestones', 'leading player', 'operational development', 'defined ambition', 'major contracts', 'continued operation', 'expanding pipeline', 'circular, resilient', 'sustainable economy', 'sustainable footprint', 'United States', 'huge source', '7 signed projects', 'Steuben County', 'three projects', 'Scott County', 'Chester County', 'exclusive negotiations', 'additional projects', 'recent months', 'Grés', 'recurring revenue', 'annual revenue', 'global presence', 'future development', 'methane emissions', 'CO2 emissions', 'EQS Group', 'other regions', 'Investment plan', 'growth momentum', '23 projects', '07:15 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'context', 'RNG', 'Guidance', 'profitability', 'Europe', 'pace', 'assembly', 'installation', 'construction', '~4 TWh', 'year', '8,000 MMBtu', 'excess', '660,000 tons', 'eqCO', 'EBITDA', 'EPA', 'landfills', 'event', 'opportunity', 'business', 'operations', 'resources', 'founders', 'founding', 'fight', 'partners', 'upgrading', 'IPO', 'number', 'trust', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'teams', 'position', 'France', 'capabilities', 'stakeholders', 'determination', 'Canada', '100 TWh', '41,215,000 MMBtu', 'Davenport', 'Iowa', 'Narvon', 'Pennsylvania', 'Greensburg', 'Indiana', '1 TWh', '2,000 MMBtu', 'May', 'Enercycle', 'Énergir', 'December', 'Matrec-GFL', 'division', 'Chicoutimi', '2026']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35994,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825685/0/en/2023-full-year-results-Solid-EBITDA-recovery-and-deleveraging-to-continue-in-2024.html,2023 full year results: Solid EBITDA recovery and deleveraging to continue in 2024,Full year adj. EBITDA [1] of €174M  up 67%  marking 6 consecutive quarters of improvement  supported by 10% LFL revenue [1] growth and margin...,Full year adj. EBITDA [1] of €174M  up 67%  marking 6 consecutive quarters of improvement  supported by 10% LFL revenue [1] growth and margin improvement of 3.5pp to reach 9.7%  with cost transformation program delivering 5% operating savings for the 2 nd consecutive year;Strong cash flow generation  allowing for self-funded 55% capex increase to invest in the Group’s transformation  and resulting in positive FCF after financing [2] of €9M;Basic EPS at €0.43 per share representing a significant turnaround since 2020;Leverage nearly halved over the year from 6.4 times to 3.3 times;2024 revenue [1] expected to grow by low single-digit LFL  adj. EBITDA [1] margin to increase to 11%-12%  and FCF after financing [2] to improve further  resulting in debt leverage reduction to below 3.0 times by year end.CEO quoteGustavo Calvo Paz  Ontex’s CEO  said “We accelerated our 3-year transformation plan over the past year and I am very pleased with the excellent momentum achieved and the encouraging results delivered in 2023. The solid level of activity  and continued delivery on the cost transformation program  all contributed to positive EPS and free cashflow for the first time in several years. This marks a major milestone for the Group  and is a huge credit to the Ontex team to deliver on our commitments. The solid improvement in our financial performance and cashflow generation allowed us to ramp up our investments for future growth  innovation and further efficiency gains. Our momentum puts us well on track to restoring value creation for all our stakeholders  whom I would like to thank for their support as we continue our journey.”FY resultsRevenue [1] totaled €1 795 million  a 10% like-for-like improvement  driven by a 9% price increase. The strategic rebalancing of the portfolio led to double digit growth in selected categories  while overall volumes remained stable. Including a 2% adverse forex effect  revenue was up 7% year on year.totaled €1 795 million  a 10% like-for-like improvement  driven by a 9% price increase. The strategic rebalancing of the portfolio led to double digit growth in selected categories  while overall volumes remained stable. Including a 2% adverse forex effect  revenue was up 7% year on year. Adjusted EBITDA [1] increased to €174 million  up 67%  thanks to volume mix improvement of €5 million and the cost transformation program delivering €72 million  which reduced the operating cost base by 5% for a second consecutive year. The €156 million pricing nearly offset additional input costs  SG&A inflation and the €43 million adverse forex impact. The adjusted EBITDA margin rose to 9.7%  up 3.5pp. After deduction of €(71) million depreciation and €(15) million restructuring costs  the operating profit recovered to €88 million  compared to a loss of €(69) million a year ago.increased to €174 million  up 67%  thanks to volume mix improvement of €5 million and the cost transformation program delivering €72 million  which reduced the operating cost base by 5% for a second consecutive year. The €156 million pricing nearly offset additional input costs  SG&A inflation and the €43 million adverse forex impact. The adjusted EBITDA margin rose to 9.7%  up 3.5pp. After deduction of €(71) million depreciation and €(15) million restructuring costs  the operating profit recovered to €88 million  compared to a loss of €(69) million a year ago. Total Group revenue was €2 342 million  up 10% like for like  including €547 million from the discontinued Emerging Markets. These were up 11% like for like  excluding adverse forex and adjusting for the Mexican business activities divested in May. Strong pricing more than offset a slight volume and mix reduction. Total Group adjusted EBITDA was €223 million  up 65% year on year. Emerging Markets contributed €49 million  with a positive impact from volume mix  strong pricing and operating efficiency gains more than offsetting input cost and SG&A inflation.revenue was €2 342 million  up 10% like for like  including €547 million from the discontinued Emerging Markets. These were up 11% like for like  excluding adverse forex and adjusting for the Mexican business activities divested in May. Strong pricing more than offset a slight volume and mix reduction. Total Group adjusted EBITDA was €223 million  up 65% year on year. Emerging Markets contributed €49 million  with a positive impact from volume mix  strong pricing and operating efficiency gains more than offsetting input cost and SG&A inflation. Profit for the year was €35 million  €27 million from continuing operations and €8 million from discontinued operations. Basic earnings per share thereby turned positive at €0.43.was €35 million  €27 million from continuing operations and €8 million from discontinued operations. Basic earnings per share thereby turned positive at €0.43. Free cash flow after financing [2] turned positive at €9 million  compared to €(115) million in 2022  with EBITDA growth allowing to finance further investments in the Group’s transformation  with capex of €96 million  up 55%  and €36 million working capital increase over the year.turned positive at €9 million  compared to €(115) million in 2022  with EBITDA growth allowing to finance further investments in the Group’s transformation  with capex of €96 million  up 55%  and €36 million working capital increase over the year. Net financial debt reduced by 23% over the year to €665 million  including the net proceeds received from the divestment of the Mexican activities. The adjusted EBITDA improvement drove the leverage ratio down from 6.4 times at the start of the year to 3.3 times at the end.Q4 resultsRevenue [1] was €446 million  stable like for like. Prices came down slightly since the second quarter  reflecting decreased raw material costs. Year on year  however  prices were still up 3%. Although volumes  including mix effects  were 3% down compared to a strong last quarter of 2022  growth in selected categories continued. Overall revenue came in lower at 3% on adverse forex.was €446 million  stable like for like. Prices came down slightly since the second quarter  reflecting decreased raw material costs. Year on year  however  prices were still up 3%. Although volumes  including mix effects  were 3% down compared to a strong last quarter of 2022  growth in selected categories continued. Overall revenue came in lower at 3% on adverse forex. Adjusted EBITDA [1] was €47 million  up 16% year on year and 7% quarter on quarter  driven by continued delivery on the cost transformation program for €17 million. The €14 million higher prices nearly compensated for adverse forex and cost inflation. Raw materials price decreases had a positive impact of €8 million  but were more than offset by the inflation of other operating costs of €13 million and SG&A costs of €7 million. Forex fluctuations had a €9 million adverse impact. The adjusted EBITDA margin recovered to 10.4%  up 1.7pp year on year  and up 0.9pp quarter on quarter. After deduction of €(4) million restructuring costs  and €(19) million depreciation  the operating profit was €23 million.was €47 million  up 16% year on year and 7% quarter on quarter  driven by continued delivery on the cost transformation program for €17 million. The €14 million higher prices nearly compensated for adverse forex and cost inflation. Raw materials price decreases had a positive impact of €8 million  but were more than offset by the inflation of other operating costs of €13 million and SG&A costs of €7 million. Forex fluctuations had a €9 million adverse impact. The adjusted EBITDA margin recovered to 10.4%  up 1.7pp year on year  and up 0.9pp quarter on quarter. After deduction of €(4) million restructuring costs  and €(19) million depreciation  the operating profit was €23 million. Total Group revenue was €545 million  stable like for like versus 2022  and includes €99 million from the discontinued Emerging Markets. These were up 2% like for like  as pricing more than offset a slight volume and mix reduction. Total Group adjusted EBITDA was €58 million  up 14% year on year  and stable quarter on quarter. Emerging Markets contributed €12 million  up 8%  with a positive impact from volume mix  pricing and operating efficiency. Lower raw material costs more than offset further other operating cost inflation.OutlookBased on solid delivery in 2023  as well as the building blocks put in place to further support the Group’s structural transformation  Ontex’s management is confident to continue the Group’s profitability restoration in 2024 and expects:Revenue [1] to grow by low single-digit like for like  supported by strong double-digit growth in North America  while managing prices in function of input costs and market dynamics;supported by strong double-digit growth in North America  while managing prices in function of input costs and market dynamics; Adjusted EBITDA margin [1] to improve to within a range of 11% to 12%  based on continued delivery of the cost transformation program ;to improve to within a range of 11% to 12%  based on continued delivery of the cost transformation program Further progress on divesting the remaining discontinued operations of Emerging Markets activities  which meanwhile are to contribute positively to adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow;of Emerging Markets Free cash flow after financing [2] to improve further above €9 million in 2023  while self-funding the accelerated Group transformation through investments  which are anticipated to be in excess of 6% of revenue in Core Markets;Leverage ratio to reduce further by year end to below 3.0 times the adjusted EBITDA of the last twelve months.[1] Reported P&L figures  except for profit  represent continuing operations  i.e. Core Markets  only. As from 2022  Emerging Markets  are reported as discontinued operations  following the strategic decision to divest these businesses.[2] The free cash flow definition used  i.e. free cash flow after financing  differs from the previous one  i.e. free cash flow before financing. It encompasses free cash flow from the total Group. The exact definition can be found further in the financial notes to this document.Unless otherwise indicated  all comments in this document are on a year-on-year basis and for revenue specifically on a like-for-like (LFL) basis (at constant currencies and scope and excluding hyperinflation effects). Definitions of Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) in this document can be found further down in the financial notes to this document.Key full year & Q4 2023 figuresBusiness resultsBusiness results Fourth Quarter Full Year in € million 2023 2022 % % LFL 2023 2022 % % LFL Core Markets (continuing operations) Revenue 446.0 459.8 -3% +0% 1 794.7 1 672.2 +7% +10% Baby Care 191.2 216.4 -12% -9% 790.0 765.0 +3% +5% Adult Care 191.5 176.3 +9% +13% 736.4 653.6 +13% +16% Feminine Care 57.3 59.7 -4% -3% 241.3 222.0 +9% +9% Adj. EBITDA 46.5 40.3 +16% 173.9 104.0 +67% Adj. EBITDA margin 10.4% 8.8% +1.7pp 9.7% 6.2% +3.5pp Operating profit/(loss) 23.5 11.7 +101% 88.3 (69.4) +227% Emerging Markets (discontinued operations) [1] Revenue 98.7 214.8 -54% +2% 546.8 792.3 -31% +11% Adj. EBITDA 11.8 11.0 +8% 49.4 31.7 +56% Adj. EBITDA margin 12.0% 5.1% +6.9pp 9.0% 4.0% +5.0pp Operating profit/(loss) 12.8 (42.3) +130% 22.3 (90.9) +125% Total Group [1] Revenue 544.7 674.6 -19% +0% 2 341.5 2 464.5 -5% +10% Adj. EBITDA 58.3 51.2 +14% 223.3 135.7 +65% Adj. EBITDA margin 10.7% 7.6% +3.1pp 9.5% 5.5% +4.0pp Operating profit/(loss) 36.2 (30.6) +218% 110.6 (160.3) +169%Financial resultsFinancial results Full Year in € million 2023 2022 % Profit/(loss) for the period from continuing operations 26.9 (148.7) +118% Profit/(loss) for the period from discontinued operations 7.9 (121.6) +106% Profit/(Loss) for the period 34.8 (270.3) +113% Basic EPS (in €) 0.43 (3.34) +113% Capex (96.5) (62.4) -55% Free cash flow after financing 9.1 (115.5) +108% Net financial debt [2] 665.3 867.4 -23% Leverage ratio [2] 3.3x 6.4x -3.1xCore Markets (continuing operations) year on year evolutionRevenue 2022 Vol/ Price 2023 Forex 2023 in € million mix LFL Fourth Quarter 459.8 -13.6 +13.8 460.0 -14.1 446.0 Full Year 1 672.2 +5.4 +156.1 1 833.7 -39.0 1 794.7Adj. EBITDA 2022 Vol/ Raw Operating Operating SG&A/ Forex 2023 in € million mix/price materials costs savings Other Fourth Quarter 40.3 +11.4 +7.5 -13.3 +16.8 -6.9 -9.3 46.5 Full Year 104.0 +161.5 -66.7 -44.5 +72.3 -9.8 -42.9 173.9[1] Emerging Markets and Total Group year-on-year comparison is affected by the divestment of the Mexican business activities as of May 2023. The LFL comparison is corrected for this scope reduction.[2] Balance sheet data are compared to start of the period  i.e. December 2023 versus December 2022.Full year 2023 business review of continuing operationsRevenue of Core MarketsRevenue was €1 795 million  a 10% like-for-like improvement  driven by price increases across all categories. In a generally lower market  volumes were stable and grew in selected categories  such as pants. In adult care revenue growth was 16% like for like  with strong growth in the healthcare channel. Baby care revenue grew 5% like for like and feminine care 9%  both on pricing. Including the adverse forex effect  revenue was up 7%.Volume and mix was overall stable. In Europe  lower overall demand for baby care was offset by retail brand share gains  owing to consumers shifting to better value-for-money alternatives. In feminine care market share gains by retailer brands led to growth  whereas the overall demand was slightly down. Demand for adult care products continued to grow  both for branded products and for retail brands. Ontex European sales volumes were overall in line with the retail brand trends  but outperformed in baby pants  and realized strong growth in the healthcare channel. In North America demand for retail brands decreased more than the overall market. Ontex sales volumes in North America were in line with the market  as new contract gains in the second half offset softer sales in the first half  which was subject to some customer destocking.Prices were up 9% on average  a strong increase visible across categories and especially in the healthcare channel  where the ramp-up in 2022 was slower. The majority of the year-on-year price increase in 2023 is the effect of the price roll-out in 2022 to mitigate the impact of the huge increase in raw material and other input costs. In the first half of 2023  prices still rose sequentially  but they started to decrease slightly in the second half  reflecting decreasing raw material prices. Combined over the last two years this represents an overall increase of 18%.Forex fluctuations had a negative impact of 2%  linked to the devaluation of the Russian ruble  the US and the Australian dollar  as well as the British pound.Adjusted EBITDA of Core MarketsAdjusted EBITDA increased to €174 million  up 67%  driven by volume mix improvement and consistent solid delivery of the cost transformation program. Overall  pricing nearly offset the additional input and SG&A cost inflation  and the adverse forex impact. The adjusted EBITDA margin rose to 9.7%  up 3.5pp.While volume and mix had no significant net impact on revenue  the growth in selected categories led to an improvement of the product mix  resulting in a €5 million positive impact.The cost transformation program delivered €72 million in gross savings  30% more  maintaining a yearly reduction rate of the operational cost base by some 5%  excluding volume and cost price effects  for the second consecutive year.Cost inflation weighed heavily on the year-on-year comparison  with a negative impact of €67 million from raw materials  mostly higher fluff prices and to a lesser extent super-absorbent polymers. These fluff prices increased significantly at the start of the year and only gradually came down in the second half. Other operating costs were €44 million higher  reflecting wage inflation as well as increased distribution  energy and maintenance costs. Although the year-on-year increase slowed down in the second half of the year  the operating cost base went up by close to 8% versus 2022. SG&A costs were kept below 10% of revenue  despite wage inflation.Strong pricing contributed €156 million year on year. Over the last two years pricing contributed €270 million. While this increase is substantial  it was not sufficient to compensate the cumulative cost inflation incurred since the start of the inflation wave in 2021.Forex fluctuations had a €43 million net negative impact. The currency depreciation impact on revenue was exacerbated by a negative impact on costs  with a.o. the appreciation of the Mexican peso affecting production costs in North America. Although the US dollar depreciated versus last year  which benefits the net cost exposure  the hedging over a longer period of time led to a net negative impact.Q4 2023 business review of continuing operationsRevenue of Core MarketsRevenue was €446 million  stable like for like. While the year-on-year price increase reduced  in line with lower input costs  it retained a positive impact  offsetting slightly lower volumes. Baby care revenue was down 9% and feminine care down 3% like for like  compared to a high comparable in 2022. Adult care sales continued to grow strongly by 13% like for like  both on volume and on price. Overall revenue came in lower at 3% due to adverse forex.Volume and mix impacted revenue negatively by 3%  compared to a strong last quarter of 2022 when promotional activities in Europe boosted baby care sales in December  and phasing by certain customers in North America drove orders for baby and feminine care up temporarily. This reduction was partly offset by continued growth in selected product categories and in adult healthcare channels.Prices were up 3% on average versus last year. While prices have been coming down slightly since the second quarter  managed in function of sequentially decreasing raw material costs  year on year they retained a positive impact.Forex fluctuations continued to have a negative impact  albeit less pronounced than in the third quarter  mainly from the year-on-year weakening of the Russian ruble  the US and the Australian dollar .Adjusted EBITDA of Core MarketsAdjusted EBITDA of Core Markets was €47 million  up 16% year on year and 7% quarter on quarter  marking six consecutive quarters of sequential growth. Continued delivery on the cost transformation program more than compensated for the slower volumes. Higher prices nearly offset cost inflation  which still has a negative impact overall year on year. The adjusted EBITDA margin thereby recovered to 10.4%  up 1.7pp year on year  and up 0.9pp quarter on quarter. Forex fluctuations had a negative impact.Lower volumes were partly offset by the mix improvement  leading to an overall €2 million reduction.The cost transformation program contributed €17 million in gross savings  mostly in procurement  thanks to the qualification of alternative sources.Cost inflation continued to have a negative impact overall. While the sequential raw material price decrease resulted in a positive year-on-year impact for the first time since 2021  with fluff prices still up  but more than offset by a price reduction for other raw materials. Distribution and maintenance costs as well as wages were still up year on year  however. The total operating cost base went up by 2% versus the fourth quarter of 2022. SG&A costs were up significantly as result of wage inflation  some exceptional elements and cost phasing affecting the last quarter of the year.Forex fluctuations had a €9 million negative net impact  with the weakening effect of foreign currencies on revenue was exacerbated by transactional impacts.Full year 2023 operational reviewOperationsThe cost transformation program delivered €91 million gross savings  of which €72 million in Core Markets represent a 30% increase versus 2022. These initiatives allowed to reduce raw materials and operating costs  prior to volume and inflation effects  by 5.1%  in line with 4.9% in 2022. Besides the optimization of the manufacturing footprint  continuous focus on operational efficiencies led to a further reduction of the scrap rate and Overall Equipment Efficiency (OEE) improvement. Service levels also improved from the 2022 level.Ontex continues to invest in its operations  with €96 million for the Total Group for 2023  or 4.1% of revenue  ramping up to 4.7% in the second half  and more than 5% for Core Markets only. This is significantly above 2.5% in 2022 and Ontex’s depreciation [1] to revenue ratio of some 3%. The vast majority is invested in Core Markets  with about 70% in operational efficiency improvement projects and in business expansion. These investments included new production lines for pants and adult care  adding capacity in North America and improving the offer in Europe.InnovationInnovation represented some €19 million in operational and capital expenditure in 2023  mostly in Core Markets  with several new products developed or launched in the year. All Ontex’s innovation is thoroughly tested with consumers  to guarantee that new solutions offered to customers are comparable to leading brand standards.Building on the successful introduction of the HappyFit™ baby pant platform  the Splashy® swim pants were rolled out in baby care  and the DreamShield® back pocket for triple leakage protection was developed. In Feminine care the newest development is focused on liners  with the breathable  thin and flexible ConfiDaily™. In tampons the SatinSense® cover for smoother insertion and removal was launched. In the growing adult care category  the new adult pants’ X-Core™ technology was rolled out in light incontinence which combines higher performance and comfort with affordability.Sustainability [2]Ontex further reduced its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions  by some 6% versus 2022. The 54% reduction compared to the base year 2020 brings it closer to its Science-Based Target of 80% by 2030. Ontex commits to achieving carbon-neutrality 2030  through energy savings  on-site renewable energy production  purchasing energy from renewable sources and carbon offsets for the remaining 20%. Ontex also aims to cut the emissions of its global supply chain and introduced a Science-Based Target for Scope 3 emissions. About 5% reduction was achieved year on year by working together with suppliers to create transparency on the carbon intensity of raw materials. This brings Ontex back on track to reduce emissions by 25% by 2030 versus 2020. Ontex's efforts have been externally recognized  including recently with an A- score for leadership in corporate transparency and performance on climate change. Ontex received the score in early 2024 from the global environmental non-profit organization Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP).Ontex takes the safety of its employees at heart. In 2023 the frequency rate was 3.52 lost work day cases per million worked hours  which is a 7% improvement versus 2022  and 35% compared to the base year 2020  by focusing on machine risk reduction  behaviours and leadership awareness. Ontex strives to reduce the number of accidents further down year after year to eventually reach its ultimate ambition to a zero harm workplace.[1] Depreciation adjusted for depreciation of right-of-use assets  as lease payments are not included in capex either.[2] Preliminary unaudited figures for 2023Full year 2023 financial reviewP&LDepreciation was stable at €(71) million  reflecting continued investments offset by positive forex effects.EBITDA adjustments were made for €(15) million. These adjust primarily for restructuring costs and a €(5) million impairment related to the further optimization of the European operations and business. This compares to EBITDA adjustments made for €(103) million in 2022  when significant impairments were taken on the Russian assets.The net finance cost was €(45) million  €6 million better than in 2022. The surge in interest rates only had a smaller impact  as the majority of Ontex’s debt consists of the fixed rate bond  and the overall indebtedness was reduced in the second quarter. Currency effects had a positive impact.The income tax was €(16) million  compared to €(28) million a year ago. While the deducted effective tax rate of 38% remains relatively high  it is impacted by the geographical mix of earnings and conservative treatment for the recognition of deferred tax assets in respect of certain losses.Discontinued operations contributed the €8 million in profit for the year  compared to a €(122) million loss a year ago  when significant impairments were taken. The adjusted EBITDA from these activities was €49 million. The Mexican business activities contributed for 4 months before being divested in May. The remaining activities in Brazil and the Middle East improved significantly through the year and versus 2022. A better volume mix  strong pricing and operating efficiency gains more than offset input cost and SG&A inflation. EBITDA adjustments were made for €(27) million  mainly for an impairment of €(13) million on the Middle Eastern assets and €(11) million costs related to the divestment of the Mexican assets. Taxes were lower  at €(6) million  as the scope reduced. Financial charges were €(9) million  reflecting hyperinflation in Turkey  which impacted the total profit contribution by €(8) million.The profit for the year of the Total Group was €35 million  compared to the €(270) million loss a year before  when the profitability was lower and significant impairments were taken in continuing and discontinued operations. Basic earnings per share of the Total Group were €0.43  compared to €(3.34) in 2022.Cash flowCapital expenditure was €(96) million  representing 4.1% of the Total Group revenue  compared to 2.5% in 2022  with an acceleration in the second half of the year reaching 4.7%  accelerating investments in the North American business expansion and the further implementation of the cost transformation program.Free cash flow after financing was €9 million  compared to €(115) million in 2022. Cash generation from the strongly improved adjusted EBITDA allowed to fund the increased capital expenditure  €(25) million lease payments  €(36) million working capital needs and €(18) million cash-out for restructuring and divestment-related cash costs. The sale of some obsolete assets contributed €16 million. Cash taxes were €(21) million and the financing cash-out totaled €(46) million  consisting mainly of the net interest payments. Realized forex gains on financing activities offset hedging costs as well as transaction costs related to the renegotiated revolving credit facility.Balance sheetWorking capital for the Total Group at the end of the year was €164 million  a €13 million decrease versus the end of 2022  largely linked to the exit of the Mexican activities. Working capital needs in the remaining operations increased. Receivables increased as a result of higher sales prices and lower factoring activity. Factoring amounted to €164 million  €28 million lower than at the year start  partly linked to the divestment of the Mexican activities. Payables decreased with lower raw material prices  as did inventories  but the latter was not enough to compensate the working capital increase  partly as the on-going effort to harmonize the supply chain temporarily limits the implementation of working capital efficiencies.Net financial debt of the Total Group was €665 million at the end of the period  including lease liabilities of €133 million. The decrease from €867 million at the start of the year is entirely attributable to the divestment of the Mexican business activities early May. Net proceeds of €200 million were received from the acquirer  net of all transaction costs and post-closing adjustments  as well as net of cash remaining in the business. Deferred proceeds of €29 million  booked as non-current receivables  are still due within the next five years.The leverage ratio of the Total Group at the end of the period was 3.3 times the adjusted EBITDA of the last twelve months  which now excludes the Mexican business contribution. The improvement compared to 6.4 times at the year start  is based on the significant increase of the adjusted EBITDA  and leaves sufficient headroom versus the maintenance covenants applicable to the revolving credit facility.The gross financial debt of the Total Group reduced from €1 076 million to €834 million  following the repayment of the €220 million term loan in the second quarter. The gross debt excludes €168 million of cash and cash equivalents  and consists of the €580 million bond at fixed 3.5% rate maturing in July 2026  of €133 million of lease liabilities  and of €115 million drawn on the revolving credit facility. More information on that facility  which was extended to December 2025  can be found in the financial notes.As from 2022  the Emerging Markets activities are reported as assets held for sale. The net value of these (assets minus related liabilities)  came down from €412 million at the year start to €160 million at the end of the period  reflecting the Mexican business divestment and some smaller asset sales  as well as an increase in the net cash position and asset value of the remaining activities.DisclaimerThis report may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements regarding or based upon our management’s current intentions  beliefs or expectations relating to  among other things  Ontex’s future results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth  strategies or developments in the industry in which we operate. By their nature  forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied thereby. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein.Forward-looking statements contained in this report regarding trends or current activities should not be taken as a report that such trends or activities will continue in the future. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this report.The information contained in this report is subject to change without notice. No re-report or warranty  express or implied  is made as to the fairness  accuracy  reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein and no reliance should be placed on it.In most of the tables of this report  amounts are shown in € million for reasons of transparency. This may give rise to rounding differences in the tables presented in the report.Corporate informationThe above press release and related financial information of Ontex Group NV for the twelve months ended December 31  2023 was authorized for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board on February 7  2024.Audio webcastManagement will host an audio webcast for investors and analysts on February 8  2024 at 12:00 CET / 11:00 BT. A copy of the presentation slides will be available on ontex.com .Click on the link below to attend the presentation from your laptop  tablet or mobile device. Audio will stream through your selected device  so be sure to have headphones or your volume turned up.https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/ontexgroup/20240208_1A full replay of the presentation will be available at the same link shortly after the conclusion of the live presentation.Financial calendarApril 3  2024 2023 annual reportMay 3  2024 Q1 2024 resultsMay 3  2024 AGMJuly 31  2024 Q2 & H1 2024 resultsOctober 24  2024 Q3 2024 resultsEnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comGeoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 Media Maarten Verbanck +32 53 33 36 20 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international provider of personal hygiene solutions  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 21 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .ONTEX GROUP NVKorte Keppestraat 21 – 9320 Erembodegem (Aalst) – Belgium0550.880.915 RPR Ghent – Division DendermondeAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,mixed,0.52,0.15,0.33,True,English,"['2023 full year results', 'Solid EBITDA recovery', 'deleveraging', '2024', 'Strong cash flow generation', '€43 million adverse forex impact', 'Free cash flow', 'Gustavo Calvo Paz', '2% adverse forex effect', 'SG&A inflation', 'Mexican business activities', '€(15) million restructuring costs', 'low single-digit LFL', 'additional input costs', '3-year transformation plan', 'double digit growth', 'cost transformation program', 'operating cost base', 'Full year adj', 'operating efficiency gains', '2 nd consecutive year', 'second consecutive year', 'debt leverage reduction', 'adj. EBITDA [1] margin', 'volume mix improvement', 'Total Group revenue', 'cashflow generation', 'positive impact', '6 consecutive quarters', '€156 million pricing', '€(71) million depreciation', 'mix reduction', 'free cashflow', 'Strong pricing', 'slight volume', '5% operating savings', 'future growth', 'margin improvement', 'Basic EPS', 'significant turnaround', 'encouraging results', 'solid level', 'positive EPS', 'first time', 'several years', 'major milestone', 'huge credit', 'financial performance', 'value creation', 'FY results', '9% price increase', 'strategic rebalancing', 'overall volumes', 'Emerging Markets', 'Basic earnings', '10% LFL revenue', 'EBITDA margin', 'solid improvement', 'year end', 'past year', 'EBITDA growth', '55% capex increase', 'positive FCF', 'CEO quote', 'excellent momentum', 'Ontex team', 'continuing operations', '2024 revenue', 'pp', 'financing', 'share', '3.3 times', '3.0 times', 'activity', 'delivery', 'commitments', 'investments', 'innovation', 'track', 'stakeholders', 'journey', 'portfolio', 'categories', 'Adjusted', 'deduction', 'loss', 'May', 'Profit']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35995,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONTEX-GROUP-NV-16751532/news/2023-full-year-results-Solid-EBITDA-recovery-and-deleveraging-to-continue-in-2024-45909124/,2023 full year results: Solid EBITDA recovery and deleveraging to continue in 2024 -February 08  2024 at 01:02 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Full year adj. EBITDA [1] of €174M  up 67%  marking 6 consecutive quarters of improvement  supported by 10% LFL revenue [1] growth and margin improvement of 3.5pp to reach 9.7%  with cost transformation program delivering 5% operating sav…,Full year adj. EBITDA [1] of €174M  up 67%  marking 6 consecutive quarters of improvement  supported by 10% LFL revenue [1] growth and margin improvement of 3.5pp to reach 9.7%  with cost transformation program delivering 5% operating savings for the 2 nd consecutive year;Strong cash flow generation  allowing for self-funded 55% capex increase to invest in the Group’s transformation  and resulting in positive FCF after financing [2] of €9M;Basic EPS at €0.43 per share representing a significant turnaround since 2020;Leverage nearly halved over the year from 6.4 times to 3.3 times;2024 revenue [1] expected to grow by low single-digit LFL  adj. EBITDA [1] margin to increase to 11%-12%  and FCF after financing [2] to improve further  resulting in debt leverage reduction to below 3.0 times by year end.CEO quoteGustavo Calvo Paz  Ontex’s CEO  said “We accelerated our 3-year transformation plan over the past year and I am very pleased with the excellent momentum achieved and the encouraging results delivered in 2023. The solid level of activity  and continued delivery on the cost transformation program  all contributed to positive EPS and free cashflow for the first time in several years. This marks a major milestone for the Group  and is a huge credit to the Ontex team to deliver on our commitments. The solid improvement in our financial performance and cashflow generation allowed us to ramp up our investments for future growth  innovation and further efficiency gains. Our momentum puts us well on track to restoring value creation for all our stakeholders  whom I would like to thank for their support as we continue our journey.”FY resultsRevenue [1] totaled €1 795 million  a 10% like-for-like improvement  driven by a 9% price increase. The strategic rebalancing of the portfolio led to double digit growth in selected categories  while overall volumes remained stable. Including a 2% adverse forex effect  revenue was up 7% year on year.totaled €1 795 million  a 10% like-for-like improvement  driven by a 9% price increase. The strategic rebalancing of the portfolio led to double digit growth in selected categories  while overall volumes remained stable. Including a 2% adverse forex effect  revenue was up 7% year on year. Adjusted EBITDA [1] increased to €174 million  up 67%  thanks to volume mix improvement of €5 million and the cost transformation program delivering €72 million  which reduced the operating cost base by 5% for a second consecutive year. The €156 million pricing nearly offset additional input costs  SG&A inflation and the €43 million adverse forex impact. The adjusted EBITDA margin rose to 9.7%  up 3.5pp. After deduction of €(71) million depreciation and €(15) million restructuring costs  the operating profit recovered to €88 million  compared to a loss of €(69) million a year ago.increased to €174 million  up 67%  thanks to volume mix improvement of €5 million and the cost transformation program delivering €72 million  which reduced the operating cost base by 5% for a second consecutive year. The €156 million pricing nearly offset additional input costs  SG&A inflation and the €43 million adverse forex impact. The adjusted EBITDA margin rose to 9.7%  up 3.5pp. After deduction of €(71) million depreciation and €(15) million restructuring costs  the operating profit recovered to €88 million  compared to a loss of €(69) million a year ago. Total Group revenue was €2 342 million  up 10% like for like  including €547 million from the discontinued Emerging Markets. These were up 11% like for like  excluding adverse forex and adjusting for the Mexican business activities divested in May. Strong pricing more than offset a slight volume and mix reduction. Total Group adjusted EBITDA was €223 million  up 65% year on year. Emerging Markets contributed €49 million  with a positive impact from volume mix  strong pricing and operating efficiency gains more than offsetting input cost and SG&A inflation.revenue was €2 342 million  up 10% like for like  including €547 million from the discontinued Emerging Markets. These were up 11% like for like  excluding adverse forex and adjusting for the Mexican business activities divested in May. Strong pricing more than offset a slight volume and mix reduction. Total Group adjusted EBITDA was €223 million  up 65% year on year. Emerging Markets contributed €49 million  with a positive impact from volume mix  strong pricing and operating efficiency gains more than offsetting input cost and SG&A inflation. Profit for the year was €35 million  €27 million from continuing operations and €8 million from discontinued operations. Basic earnings per share thereby turned positive at €0.43.was €35 million  €27 million from continuing operations and €8 million from discontinued operations. Basic earnings per share thereby turned positive at €0.43. Free cash flow after financing [2] turned positive at €9 million  compared to €(115) million in 2022  with EBITDA growth allowing to finance further investments in the Group’s transformation  with capex of €96 million  up 55%  and €36 million working capital increase over the year.turned positive at €9 million  compared to €(115) million in 2022  with EBITDA growth allowing to finance further investments in the Group’s transformation  with capex of €96 million  up 55%  and €36 million working capital increase over the year. Net financial debt reduced by 23% over the year to €665 million  including the net proceeds received from the divestment of the Mexican activities. The adjusted EBITDA improvement drove the leverage ratio down from 6.4 times at the start of the year to 3.3 times at the end.Q4 resultsRevenue [1] was €446 million  stable like for like. Prices came down slightly since the second quarter  reflecting decreased raw material costs. Year on year  however  prices were still up 3%. Although volumes  including mix effects  were 3% down compared to a strong last quarter of 2022  growth in selected categories continued. Overall revenue came in lower at 3% on adverse forex.was €446 million  stable like for like. Prices came down slightly since the second quarter  reflecting decreased raw material costs. Year on year  however  prices were still up 3%. Although volumes  including mix effects  were 3% down compared to a strong last quarter of 2022  growth in selected categories continued. Overall revenue came in lower at 3% on adverse forex. Adjusted EBITDA [1] was €47 million  up 16% year on year and 7% quarter on quarter  driven by continued delivery on the cost transformation program for €17 million. The €14 million higher prices nearly compensated for adverse forex and cost inflation. Raw materials price decreases had a positive impact of €8 million  but were more than offset by the inflation of other operating costs of €13 million and SG&A costs of €7 million. Forex fluctuations had a €9 million adverse impact. The adjusted EBITDA margin recovered to 10.4%  up 1.7pp year on year  and up 0.9pp quarter on quarter. After deduction of €(4) million restructuring costs  and €(19) million depreciation  the operating profit was €23 million.was €47 million  up 16% year on year and 7% quarter on quarter  driven by continued delivery on the cost transformation program for €17 million. The €14 million higher prices nearly compensated for adverse forex and cost inflation. Raw materials price decreases had a positive impact of €8 million  but were more than offset by the inflation of other operating costs of €13 million and SG&A costs of €7 million. Forex fluctuations had a €9 million adverse impact. The adjusted EBITDA margin recovered to 10.4%  up 1.7pp year on year  and up 0.9pp quarter on quarter. After deduction of €(4) million restructuring costs  and €(19) million depreciation  the operating profit was €23 million. Total Group revenue was €545 million  stable like for like versus 2022  and includes €99 million from the discontinued Emerging Markets. These were up 2% like for like  as pricing more than offset a slight volume and mix reduction. Total Group adjusted EBITDA was €58 million  up 14% year on year  and stable quarter on quarter. Emerging Markets contributed €12 million  up 8%  with a positive impact from volume mix  pricing and operating efficiency. Lower raw material costs more than offset further other operating cost inflation.OutlookBased on solid delivery in 2023  as well as the building blocks put in place to further support the Group’s structural transformation  Ontex’s management is confident to continue the Group’s profitability restoration in 2024 and expects:Revenue [1] to grow by low single-digit like for like  supported by strong double-digit growth in North America  while managing prices in function of input costs and market dynamics;supported by strong double-digit growth in North America  while managing prices in function of input costs and market dynamics; Adjusted EBITDA margin [1] to improve to within a range of 11% to 12%  based on continued delivery of the cost transformation program ;to improve to within a range of 11% to 12%  based on continued delivery of the cost transformation program Further progress on divesting the remaining discontinued operations of Emerging Markets activities  which meanwhile are to contribute positively to adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow;of Emerging Markets Free cash flow after financing [2] to improve further above €9 million in 2023  while self-funding the accelerated Group transformation through investments  which are anticipated to be in excess of 6% of revenue in Core Markets;Leverage ratio to reduce further by year end to below 3.0 times the adjusted EBITDA of the last twelve months.[1] Reported P&L figures  except for profit  represent continuing operations  i.e. Core Markets  only. As from 2022  Emerging Markets  are reported as discontinued operations  following the strategic decision to divest these businesses.[2] The free cash flow definition used  i.e. free cash flow after financing  differs from the previous one  i.e. free cash flow before financing. It encompasses free cash flow from the total Group. The exact definition can be found further in the financial notes to this document.Unless otherwise indicated  all comments in this document are on a year-on-year basis and for revenue specifically on a like-for-like (LFL) basis (at constant currencies and scope and excluding hyperinflation effects). Definitions of Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) in this document can be found further down in the financial notes to this document.Key full year & Q4 2023 figuresBusiness resultsBusiness results Fourth Quarter Full Year in € million 2023 2022 % % LFL 2023 2022 % % LFL Core Markets (continuing operations) Revenue 446.0 459.8 -3% +0% 1 794.7 1 672.2 +7% +10% Baby Care 191.2 216.4 -12% -9% 790.0 765.0 +3% +5% Adult Care 191.5 176.3 +9% +13% 736.4 653.6 +13% +16% Feminine Care 57.3 59.7 -4% -3% 241.3 222.0 +9% +9% Adj. EBITDA 46.5 40.3 +16% 173.9 104.0 +67% Adj. EBITDA margin 10.4% 8.8% +1.7pp 9.7% 6.2% +3.5pp Operating profit/(loss) 23.5 11.7 +101% 88.3 (69.4) +227% Emerging Markets (discontinued operations) [1] Revenue 98.7 214.8 -54% +2% 546.8 792.3 -31% +11% Adj. EBITDA 11.8 11.0 +8% 49.4 31.7 +56% Adj. EBITDA margin 12.0% 5.1% +6.9pp 9.0% 4.0% +5.0pp Operating profit/(loss) 12.8 (42.3) +130% 22.3 (90.9) +125% Total Group [1] Revenue 544.7 674.6 -19% +0% 2 341.5 2 464.5 -5% +10% Adj. EBITDA 58.3 51.2 +14% 223.3 135.7 +65% Adj. EBITDA margin 10.7% 7.6% +3.1pp 9.5% 5.5% +4.0pp Operating profit/(loss) 36.2 (30.6) +218% 110.6 (160.3) +169%Financial resultsFinancial results Full Year in € million 2023 2022 % Profit/(loss) for the period from continuing operations 26.9 (148.7) +118% Profit/(loss) for the period from discontinued operations 7.9 (121.6) +106% Profit/(Loss) for the period 34.8 (270.3) +113% Basic EPS (in €) 0.43 (3.34) +113% Capex (96.5) (62.4) -55% Free cash flow after financing 9.1 (115.5) +108% Net financial debt [2] 665.3 867.4 -23% Leverage ratio [2] 3.3x 6.4x -3.1xCore Markets (continuing operations) year on year evolutionRevenue 2022 Vol/ Price 2023 Forex 2023 in € million mix LFL Fourth Quarter 459.8 -13.6 +13.8 460.0 -14.1 446.0 Full Year 1 672.2 +5.4 +156.1 1 833.7 -39.0 1 794.7Adj. EBITDA 2022 Vol/ Raw Operating Operating SG&A/ Forex 2023 in € million mix/price materials costs savings Other Fourth Quarter 40.3 +11.4 +7.5 -13.3 +16.8 -6.9 -9.3 46.5 Full Year 104.0 +161.5 -66.7 -44.5 +72.3 -9.8 -42.9 173.9[1] Emerging Markets and Total Group year-on-year comparison is affected by the divestment of the Mexican business activities as of May 2023. The LFL comparison is corrected for this scope reduction.[2] Balance sheet data are compared to start of the period  i.e. December 2023 versus December 2022.Full year 2023 business review of continuing operationsRevenue of Core MarketsRevenue was €1 795 million  a 10% like-for-like improvement  driven by price increases across all categories. In a generally lower market  volumes were stable and grew in selected categories  such as pants. In adult care revenue growth was 16% like for like  with strong growth in the healthcare channel. Baby care revenue grew 5% like for like and feminine care 9%  both on pricing. Including the adverse forex effect  revenue was up 7%.Volume and mix was overall stable. In Europe  lower overall demand for baby care was offset by retail brand share gains  owing to consumers shifting to better value-for-money alternatives. In feminine care market share gains by retailer brands led to growth  whereas the overall demand was slightly down. Demand for adult care products continued to grow  both for branded products and for retail brands. Ontex European sales volumes were overall in line with the retail brand trends  but outperformed in baby pants  and realized strong growth in the healthcare channel. In North America demand for retail brands decreased more than the overall market. Ontex sales volumes in North America were in line with the market  as new contract gains in the second half offset softer sales in the first half  which was subject to some customer destocking.Prices were up 9% on average  a strong increase visible across categories and especially in the healthcare channel  where the ramp-up in 2022 was slower. The majority of the year-on-year price increase in 2023 is the effect of the price roll-out in 2022 to mitigate the impact of the huge increase in raw material and other input costs. In the first half of 2023  prices still rose sequentially  but they started to decrease slightly in the second half  reflecting decreasing raw material prices. Combined over the last two years this represents an overall increase of 18%.Forex fluctuations had a negative impact of 2%  linked to the devaluation of the Russian ruble  the US and the Australian dollar  as well as the British pound.Adjusted EBITDA of Core MarketsAdjusted EBITDA increased to €174 million  up 67%  driven by volume mix improvement and consistent solid delivery of the cost transformation program. Overall  pricing nearly offset the additional input and SG&A cost inflation  and the adverse forex impact. The adjusted EBITDA margin rose to 9.7%  up 3.5pp.While volume and mix had no significant net impact on revenue  the growth in selected categories led to an improvement of the product mix  resulting in a €5 million positive impact.The cost transformation program delivered €72 million in gross savings  30% more  maintaining a yearly reduction rate of the operational cost base by some 5%  excluding volume and cost price effects  for the second consecutive year.Cost inflation weighed heavily on the year-on-year comparison  with a negative impact of €67 million from raw materials  mostly higher fluff prices and to a lesser extent super-absorbent polymers. These fluff prices increased significantly at the start of the year and only gradually came down in the second half. Other operating costs were €44 million higher  reflecting wage inflation as well as increased distribution  energy and maintenance costs. Although the year-on-year increase slowed down in the second half of the year  the operating cost base went up by close to 8% versus 2022. SG&A costs were kept below 10% of revenue  despite wage inflation.Strong pricing contributed €156 million year on year. Over the last two years pricing contributed €270 million. While this increase is substantial  it was not sufficient to compensate the cumulative cost inflation incurred since the start of the inflation wave in 2021.Forex fluctuations had a €43 million net negative impact. The currency depreciation impact on revenue was exacerbated by a negative impact on costs  with a.o. the appreciation of the Mexican peso affecting production costs in North America. Although the US dollar depreciated versus last year  which benefits the net cost exposure  the hedging over a longer period of time led to a net negative impact.Q4 2023 business review of continuing operationsRevenue of Core MarketsRevenue was €446 million  stable like for like. While the year-on-year price increase reduced  in line with lower input costs  it retained a positive impact  offsetting slightly lower volumes. Baby care revenue was down 9% and feminine care down 3% like for like  compared to a high comparable in 2022. Adult care sales continued to grow strongly by 13% like for like  both on volume and on price. Overall revenue came in lower at 3% due to adverse forex.Volume and mix impacted revenue negatively by 3%  compared to a strong last quarter of 2022 when promotional activities in Europe boosted baby care sales in December  and phasing by certain customers in North America drove orders for baby and feminine care up temporarily. This reduction was partly offset by continued growth in selected product categories and in adult healthcare channels.Prices were up 3% on average versus last year. While prices have been coming down slightly since the second quarter  managed in function of sequentially decreasing raw material costs  year on year they retained a positive impact.Forex fluctuations continued to have a negative impact  albeit less pronounced than in the third quarter  mainly from the year-on-year weakening of the Russian ruble  the US and the Australian dollar .Adjusted EBITDA of Core MarketsAdjusted EBITDA of Core Markets was €47 million  up 16% year on year and 7% quarter on quarter  marking six consecutive quarters of sequential growth. Continued delivery on the cost transformation program more than compensated for the slower volumes. Higher prices nearly offset cost inflation  which still has a negative impact overall year on year. The adjusted EBITDA margin thereby recovered to 10.4%  up 1.7pp year on year  and up 0.9pp quarter on quarter. Forex fluctuations had a negative impact.Lower volumes were partly offset by the mix improvement  leading to an overall €2 million reduction.The cost transformation program contributed €17 million in gross savings  mostly in procurement  thanks to the qualification of alternative sources.Cost inflation continued to have a negative impact overall. While the sequential raw material price decrease resulted in a positive year-on-year impact for the first time since 2021  with fluff prices still up  but more than offset by a price reduction for other raw materials. Distribution and maintenance costs as well as wages were still up year on year  however. The total operating cost base went up by 2% versus the fourth quarter of 2022. SG&A costs were up significantly as result of wage inflation  some exceptional elements and cost phasing affecting the last quarter of the year.Forex fluctuations had a €9 million negative net impact  with the weakening effect of foreign currencies on revenue was exacerbated by transactional impacts.Full year 2023 operational reviewOperationsThe cost transformation program delivered €91 million gross savings  of which €72 million in Core Markets represent a 30% increase versus 2022. These initiatives allowed to reduce raw materials and operating costs  prior to volume and inflation effects  by 5.1%  in line with 4.9% in 2022. Besides the optimization of the manufacturing footprint  continuous focus on operational efficiencies led to a further reduction of the scrap rate and Overall Equipment Efficiency (OEE) improvement. Service levels also improved from the 2022 level.Ontex continues to invest in its operations  with €96 million for the Total Group for 2023  or 4.1% of revenue  ramping up to 4.7% in the second half  and more than 5% for Core Markets only. This is significantly above 2.5% in 2022 and Ontex’s depreciation [1] to revenue ratio of some 3%. The vast majority is invested in Core Markets  with about 70% in operational efficiency improvement projects and in business expansion. These investments included new production lines for pants and adult care  adding capacity in North America and improving the offer in Europe.InnovationInnovation represented some €19 million in operational and capital expenditure in 2023  mostly in Core Markets  with several new products developed or launched in the year. All Ontex’s innovation is thoroughly tested with consumers  to guarantee that new solutions offered to customers are comparable to leading brand standards.Building on the successful introduction of the HappyFit™ baby pant platform  the Splashy® swim pants were rolled out in baby care  and the DreamShield® back pocket for triple leakage protection was developed. In Feminine care the newest development is focused on liners  with the breathable  thin and flexible ConfiDaily™. In tampons the SatinSense® cover for smoother insertion and removal was launched. In the growing adult care category  the new adult pants’ X-Core™ technology was rolled out in light incontinence which combines higher performance and comfort with affordability.Sustainability [2]Ontex further reduced its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions  by some 6% versus 2022. The 54% reduction compared to the base year 2020 brings it closer to its Science-Based Target of 80% by 2030. Ontex commits to achieving carbon-neutrality 2030  through energy savings  on-site renewable energy production  purchasing energy from renewable sources and carbon offsets for the remaining 20%. Ontex also aims to cut the emissions of its global supply chain and introduced a Science-Based Target for Scope 3 emissions. About 5% reduction was achieved year on year by working together with suppliers to create transparency on the carbon intensity of raw materials. This brings Ontex back on track to reduce emissions by 25% by 2030 versus 2020. Ontex's efforts have been externally recognized  including recently with an A- score for leadership in corporate transparency and performance on climate change. Ontex received the score in early 2024 from the global environmental non-profit organization Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP).Ontex takes the safety of its employees at heart. In 2023 the frequency rate was 3.52 lost work day cases per million worked hours  which is a 7% improvement versus 2022  and 35% compared to the base year 2020  by focusing on machine risk reduction  behaviours and leadership awareness. Ontex strives to reduce the number of accidents further down year after year to eventually reach its ultimate ambition to a zero harm workplace.[1] Depreciation adjusted for depreciation of right-of-use assets  as lease payments are not included in capex either.[2] Preliminary unaudited figures for 2023Full year 2023 financial reviewP&LDepreciation was stable at €(71) million  reflecting continued investments offset by positive forex effects.EBITDA adjustments were made for €(15) million. These adjust primarily for restructuring costs and a €(5) million impairment related to the further optimization of the European operations and business. This compares to EBITDA adjustments made for €(103) million in 2022  when significant impairments were taken on the Russian assets.The net finance cost was €(45) million  €6 million better than in 2022. The surge in interest rates only had a smaller impact  as the majority of Ontex’s debt consists of the fixed rate bond  and the overall indebtedness was reduced in the second quarter. Currency effects had a positive impact.The income tax was €(16) million  compared to €(28) million a year ago. While the deducted effective tax rate of 38% remains relatively high  it is impacted by the geographical mix of earnings and conservative treatment for the recognition of deferred tax assets in respect of certain losses.Discontinued operations contributed the €8 million in profit for the year  compared to a €(122) million loss a year ago  when significant impairments were taken. The adjusted EBITDA from these activities was €49 million. The Mexican business activities contributed for 4 months before being divested in May. The remaining activities in Brazil and the Middle East improved significantly through the year and versus 2022. A better volume mix  strong pricing and operating efficiency gains more than offset input cost and SG&A inflation. EBITDA adjustments were made for €(27) million  mainly for an impairment of €(13) million on the Middle Eastern assets and €(11) million costs related to the divestment of the Mexican assets. Taxes were lower  at €(6) million  as the scope reduced. Financial charges were €(9) million  reflecting hyperinflation in Turkey  which impacted the total profit contribution by €(8) million.The profit for the year of the Total Group was €35 million  compared to the €(270) million loss a year before  when the profitability was lower and significant impairments were taken in continuing and discontinued operations. Basic earnings per share of the Total Group were €0.43  compared to €(3.34) in 2022.Cash flowCapital expenditure was €(96) million  representing 4.1% of the Total Group revenue  compared to 2.5% in 2022  with an acceleration in the second half of the year reaching 4.7%  accelerating investments in the North American business expansion and the further implementation of the cost transformation program.Free cash flow after financing was €9 million  compared to €(115) million in 2022. Cash generation from the strongly improved adjusted EBITDA allowed to fund the increased capital expenditure  €(25) million lease payments  €(36) million working capital needs and €(18) million cash-out for restructuring and divestment-related cash costs. The sale of some obsolete assets contributed €16 million. Cash taxes were €(21) million and the financing cash-out totaled €(46) million  consisting mainly of the net interest payments. Realized forex gains on financing activities offset hedging costs as well as transaction costs related to the renegotiated revolving credit facility.Balance sheetWorking capital for the Total Group at the end of the year was €164 million  a €13 million decrease versus the end of 2022  largely linked to the exit of the Mexican activities. Working capital needs in the remaining operations increased. Receivables increased as a result of higher sales prices and lower factoring activity. Factoring amounted to €164 million  €28 million lower than at the year start  partly linked to the divestment of the Mexican activities. Payables decreased with lower raw material prices  as did inventories  but the latter was not enough to compensate the working capital increase  partly as the on-going effort to harmonize the supply chain temporarily limits the implementation of working capital efficiencies.Net financial debt of the Total Group was €665 million at the end of the period  including lease liabilities of €133 million. The decrease from €867 million at the start of the year is entirely attributable to the divestment of the Mexican business activities early May. Net proceeds of €200 million were received from the acquirer  net of all transaction costs and post-closing adjustments  as well as net of cash remaining in the business. Deferred proceeds of €29 million  booked as non-current receivables  are still due within the next five years.The leverage ratio of the Total Group at the end of the period was 3.3 times the adjusted EBITDA of the last twelve months  which now excludes the Mexican business contribution. The improvement compared to 6.4 times at the year start  is based on the significant increase of the adjusted EBITDA  and leaves sufficient headroom versus the maintenance covenants applicable to the revolving credit facility.The gross financial debt of the Total Group reduced from €1 076 million to €834 million  following the repayment of the €220 million term loan in the second quarter. The gross debt excludes €168 million of cash and cash equivalents  and consists of the €580 million bond at fixed 3.5% rate maturing in July 2026  of €133 million of lease liabilities  and of €115 million drawn on the revolving credit facility. More information on that facility  which was extended to December 2025  can be found in the financial notes.As from 2022  the Emerging Markets activities are reported as assets held for sale. The net value of these (assets minus related liabilities)  came down from €412 million at the year start to €160 million at the end of the period  reflecting the Mexican business divestment and some smaller asset sales  as well as an increase in the net cash position and asset value of the remaining activities.DisclaimerThis report may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements regarding or based upon our management’s current intentions  beliefs or expectations relating to  among other things  Ontex’s future results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth  strategies or developments in the industry in which we operate. By their nature  forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied thereby. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein.Forward-looking statements contained in this report regarding trends or current activities should not be taken as a report that such trends or activities will continue in the future. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this report.The information contained in this report is subject to change without notice. No re-report or warranty  express or implied  is made as to the fairness  accuracy  reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein and no reliance should be placed on it.In most of the tables of this report  amounts are shown in € million for reasons of transparency. This may give rise to rounding differences in the tables presented in the report.Corporate informationThe above press release and related financial information of Ontex Group NV for the twelve months ended December 31  2023 was authorized for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board on February 7  2024.Audio webcastManagement will host an audio webcast for investors and analysts on February 8  2024 at 12:00 CET / 11:00 BT. A copy of the presentation slides will be available on ontex.com .Click on the link below to attend the presentation from your laptop  tablet or mobile device. Audio will stream through your selected device  so be sure to have headphones or your volume turned up.https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/ontexgroup/20240208_1A full replay of the presentation will be available at the same link shortly after the conclusion of the live presentation.Financial calendarApril 3  2024 2023 annual reportMay 3  2024 Q1 2024 resultsMay 3  2024 AGMJuly 31  2024 Q2 & H1 2024 resultsOctober 24  2024 Q3 2024 resultsEnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comGeoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 Media Maarten Verbanck +32 53 33 36 20 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international provider of personal hygiene solutions  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 21 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .ONTEX GROUP NVKorte Keppestraat 21 – 9320 Erembodegem (Aalst) – Belgium0550.880.915 RPR Ghent – Division DendermondeAttachment,neutral,0.18,0.8,0.02,mixed,0.52,0.15,0.33,True,English,"['2023 full year results', 'Solid EBITDA recovery', 'deleveraging', 'February', '01', 'Strong cash flow generation', '€43 million adverse forex impact', 'Free cash flow', 'Gustavo Calvo Paz', '2% adverse forex effect', 'SG&A inflation', 'Mexican business activities', '€(15) million restructuring costs', 'low single-digit LFL', 'additional input costs', '3-year transformation plan', 'double digit growth', 'cost transformation program', 'operating cost base', 'Full year adj', 'operating efficiency gains', '2 nd consecutive year', 'second consecutive year', 'debt leverage reduction', 'adj. EBITDA [1] margin', 'volume mix improvement', 'Total Group revenue', 'cashflow generation', 'positive impact', '6 consecutive quarters', '€156 million pricing', '€(71) million depreciation', 'mix reduction', 'free cashflow', 'Strong pricing', 'slight volume', '5% operating savings', 'future growth', 'margin improvement', 'Basic EPS', 'significant turnaround', 'encouraging results', 'solid level', 'positive EPS', 'first time', 'several years', 'major milestone', 'huge credit', 'financial performance', 'value creation', 'FY results', '9% price increase', 'strategic rebalancing', 'overall volumes', 'Emerging Markets', 'Basic earnings', '10% LFL revenue', 'EBITDA margin', 'solid improvement', 'year end', 'past year', 'EBITDA growth', '55% capex increase', 'positive FCF', 'CEO quote', 'excellent momentum', 'Ontex team', 'continuing operations', '2024 revenue', 'pp', 'financing', 'share', '3.3 times', '3.0 times', 'activity', 'delivery', 'commitments', 'investments', 'innovation', 'track', 'stakeholders', 'journey', 'portfolio', 'categories', 'Adjusted', 'deduction', 'loss', 'May', 'Profit']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35996,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825670/0/en/Societe-Generale-Fourth-quarter-2023-full-year-results.html,Societe Generale: Fourth quarter & 2023 full year results,RESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023       Press release                                                        Paris  8 February 2024   AFTER A YEAR OF...,RESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023Press releaseParis  8 February 2024AFTER A YEAR OF TRANSITION AND TRANSFORMATION IN 2023 A YEAR FOCUSED ON THE EXECUTION OF OUR NEW STRATEGIC ROADMAP IN 2024FULL-YEAR RESULTSRevenues of EUR 25.1 billion  down by -7.6% vs. 2022Reported cost-to-income ratio at 73.8%  stable operating expenses (+0.3% vs. 2022) at constant perimeter1  transformation charges of around EUR 730 million in 2023Low cost of risk at 17 basis points  high S1/S2 inventory at ~EUR 3.6 billion at end 2023Group net income of EUR 2.5 billion  up +37% vs. 2022Reported ROTE at 4.2%CET 1 ratio of 13.1%2 at end-2023  around 340 basis points above regulatory requirementLiquidity Coverage Ratio at 160% at end-2023Deposit base up by around +4% vs. 2022QUARTERLY RESULTSQuarterly revenues of EUR 6.0 billion  down by -9.9% vs. Q4 22Reported cost-to-income ratio at 78.3% at Q4 23  operating expenses down by -1.5% vs. Q4 22 at constant perimeter1Low cost of risk of 24 basis points in Q4 23Group net income of EUR 430 million  down -60% vs. Q4 22Reported ROTE at 1.7%MAIN HIGHLIGHTSStrong annual and quarterly performance for Global Banking & Investor Solutions  and International Retail BankingBeginning of the rebound in net interest income for French retail during Q4 23  in a year marked by the negative impact of short-term hedgesRecord annual and quarterly organic client acquisition at BoursoBank  6 million clients reached in January 2024Determination of LeasePlan’s purchase price allocation process leading notably to a EUR 220 million reduction in the amount of goodwillStrengthened ESG commitments  notably through a 80% reduction in upstream Oil & Gas exposure by 2030 vs. 2019  the signature of new partnerships with the IFC and The Ocean Cleanup  and the setting of new NZBA alignment targets on 7 sectorsDISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERSProposed distribution3 of around EUR 1 billion  equivalent to EUR 1.25 per share4  i.e.:a cash dividend of EUR 0.90 per share to be proposed to the General Meetingto be proposed to the General Meeting a share buyback programme  of around EUR 280 million  equivalent to EUR 0.35 per share2024: BETTER PERFORMANCE THROUGH STRATEGIC PLAN EXECUTIONEnhanced commercial performance  notably by the deployment of new relationship model and front office reorganisation in core franchises (implementation of the new operating model in the French networks  overhaul of the setup of Financing and Advisory activities and in-depth transformation of Ayvens)Business portfolio management  notably with the finalisation of previously announced disposals (in addition to Congo and Chad subsidiaries already finalised)Linear improvement of operational efficiency (around EUR 500 million in additional gross savings in 2024  with EUR 750-800 million in transformation costs)Strong capital and liquidity ratios with limited organic RWA growth (<1% vs. 2023)Disciplined risk managementMaintain pace in the deployment of our initiatives and strategic ambitions in ESG2024 FINANCIAL TARGETS5Revenue growth at or above +5% vs. 20236Cost-to-income ratio less than 71% in 2024Net cost of risk between 25 and 30 basis points in 2024ROTE of more than 6% in 2024CET1 ratio of around 13% at end-2024Slawomir Krupa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“2023 was a year of transition and transformation. The exceptional momentum of BoursoBank  the strength of our Global Banking and Investor Solutions franchises  the performance of our international banking activities across all regions  plus the capacity of our new bank in France and Ayvens to implement unprecedented transformations are all strong proof points on our ability to execute at a high level. At the same time  while 2023 was negatively affected by a sharp decrease in net interest income in French Retail Banking and the elevated cost of integrating LeasePlan  it was also characterised by disciplined management of costs  risks and capital.Drawing on our new strategic and financial plan that was presented in September 2023  we are writing a new chapter in the history of the Group  which  for the last 160 years  has assisted millions of clients by way of responsible  long-term relationships. At their service day after day  we support their development and projects  and our contribution to their growth and to unlocking their potential is a source of pride for us.Our ambition is to position Societe Generale among Europe’s top-tier  rock-solid and sustainable banks  and to create long-term value for all our stakeholders  including unequivocal commitment to supporting the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals.We are entering 2024 with confidence and determination  a year that will see the meticulous execution of our strategic plan and an unwavering commitment to reach our financial targets  which will notably involve improved operational efficiency. We will provide precise  regular and transparent reports on our progress toward our announced 2026 objectives.”GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 5 957 6 611 -9.9% -11.2%* 25 104 27 155 -7.6% -8.2%* Operating expenses (4 666) (4 455) +4.7% -0.8%* (18 524) (17 994) +2.9% +0.6%* Gross operating income 1 291 2 156 -40.1% -32.8%* 6 580 9 161 -28.2% -25.8%* Net cost of risk (361) (413) -12.6% -13.4%* (1 025) (1 647) -37.8% -30.8%* Operating income 930 1 743 -46.6% -37.5%* 5 555 7 514 -26.1% -24.8%* Net profits or losses from other assets (21) (4) n/s n/s (113) (3 290) +96.6% +96.6%* Impairment losses on goodwill - - n/s n/s (338) - n/s n/s Income tax (302) (454) -33.4% -33.4%* (1 679) (1 483) +13.2% +15.9%* Net income 613 1 292 -52.6% -40.2%* 3 449 2 756 +25.2% +28.4%* O.w. non-controlling interests 183 222 -17.6% +5.9%* 956 931 +2.7% +7.1%* Reported Group net income 430 1 070 -59.8% -49.7%* 2 493 1 825 +36.6% +39.1%* ROE 1.5% 6.3% 3.1% 2.2% +0.0% +0.0%* ROTE 1.7% 7.1% 4.2% 2.5% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 78.3% 67.4% 73.8% 66.3% +0.0% +0.0%*Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 7 February 2024 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined the Societe Generale Group’s results for Q4 23 and FY 2023.Net banking incomeDespite the continued solid performance by Global Banking and Investor Solutions and International Retail Banking  net banking income recorded a decrease of -9.9% in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22  largely due to the decline in the net interest income in French Retail  Private Banking & Insurance  and to negative impacts in the Corporate Centre (in particular  impacts from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR 30 million and negative changes in the fair value of economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting  amid a sharp decrease in long-term rates in Q4 23).Revenues recorded by French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance decreased by -14.3% vs. Q4 22 owing to the decline in net interest income which continues to be impacted by short-term hedges that were taken before the period of higher interest rates began in 2022. The quarter was nevertheless marked by the beginning of the recovery of net interest income  the peak of the negative impact of these hedges having been reached in Q3 23. Insurance revenues recorded a sharp rise of +42.9% vs. Q4 22 on back of robust commercial activity.Global Banking and Investor Solutions continued to post a solid performance with revenues of EUR 2.2 billion for the quarter  down -11.1% relative to a very strong Q4 22. Global Markets and Investor Services’ revenues decreased by -9.4% vs. Q4 22 owing to the unfavourable base effect on Securities Services business following the revaluation of the participation in Euroclear during Q4 22 (EUR +91 million). Global Markets’ revenues were down slightly (-0.8%) with good commercial momentum in the equity derivatives business and robust activity for fixed-income products. Finance and Advisory recorded strong revenues of EUR 826 million in Q4 23 that were nonetheless down -13.9% compared to the record Q4 22 level. Revenues were resilient in the Asset Finance and Natural Resources finance platforms and solid in the securitisation business. Investment banking revenues underwent a rebound and were notably driven by the primary bond markets. Global Transaction & Payment Services’ revenues were down relative to a strong Q4 22 performance largely due to rising deposit costs in the Cash Management businesses.International Retail Banking revenues rose +1.5% vs. Q4 22. Despite LeasePlan’s contribution for EUR 178 million  Mobility and Leasing Services’ decreased by -10.6%. Revenues were impacted by one-off items notably the negative MtM of LeasePlan’s hedging portfolio (for around EUR -150 million)  normalising Used Car Sales results and the determination of the LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation. In total  International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services’ revenues decreased by -4.5% vs. Q4 22.The Corporate Centre recorded revenues of EUR -196 million in Q4 23 which included around EUR -30 million due to the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations  in addition to a ~EUR -100 million impact linked to negative changes in the fair value of economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting.Over 2023  net banking income decreased by -7.6% vs. 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 4 666 million  up +4.7% vs. Q4 22  but were down -1.5% at constant perimeter.They include EUR 278 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities and EUR 102 million in transformation charges  notably borne by Ayvens and Global Banking and Investor Solutions.Over 2023  operating expenses totalled EUR 18 524 million  up by a moderate +2.9% vs. 2022. They include EUR 617 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities and EUR 730 million in transformation costs. At constant perimeter  they rose by a very minor +0.3% despite the inflationary context.Cost of riskThe cost of risk for Q4 23 was low at 24 basis points  i.e.  EUR 361 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans of EUR 364 million and a slight reversal on performing loans for EUR -3 million.Over 2023  the cost of risk came to 17 basis points.At end-December 2023  the Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 572 million  down EUR -197 million relative to 31 December 2022  notably linked to the strong decrease of the Russian offshore portfolio (see below).The gross coverage ratio stood at 2.9%7 at 31 December 2023. The net coverage ratio on the Group’s doubtful loans stood at around 80%8 at 31 December 2023 (after taking into account guarantees and collateral).At 31 December 2023  the Group sharply reduced its offshore exposure to Russia to around EUR 0.9 billion of EAD (Exposure at Default) compared with EUR 1.8 billion at 31 December 2022 (-50%). The maximum risk exposure on this portfolio is estimated at around EUR 0.3 billion before provision. Total provisions stood at EUR 0.2 billion at end-2023. The onshore residual exposure is marginal at around EUR 15 million and relates to the integration during the year of LeasePlan activities in Russia.Group net incomeGroup net income stood at EUR 430 million in Q4 23  i.e. Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE) of 1.7%.Group net income for 2023 came to EUR 2.5 billion  i.e.  ROTE of 4.2%.Shareholder distributionThe Board of Directors approved the distribution policy for 2023 fiscal year aiming at distributing EUR 1.25 per share9  equivalent to a total amount of around EUR 1 billion of which around EUR 280 million in share buy-backs. A cash dividend of EUR 0.90 per share will be proposed at the General Meeting of Shareholders on 22 May 2024. The dividend will be detached on 27 May 2024 and paid out on 29 May 2024.ESGSociete Generale set two new alignment targets this quarter as part of its Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) commitments  thereby taking to nine the sectors covered by alignment targets out of the 12 sectors recommended by the alliance:New target for the aluminium sector: reduce carbon emission intensity by -25% by 2030 relative to 2022 10   i.e.  6t CO2e/t in 2030 vs. 8t CO2e/t in 2022  i.e.  6t CO2e/t in 2030 vs. 8t CO2e/t in 2022 New target for the maritime transport sector11: reduce carbon emission intensity by -43% by 2030 relative to 2022The three remaining sectors (aviation  agriculture and residential real estate financing) will be covered by the end of the first half of 2024.Beyond the 7 new NZBA alignment targets published since beginning 2023  Societe Generale accelerated its decarbonisation of the oil and gas sector by setting ambitious financing and absolute emissions targets.The methodologies and resources implemented to reach these targets are detailed in a transparent and global transition report that was published in December 2023: Climate and Alignment Report – December 2023 (societegenerale.com) .At 31 December 2023  the Group had already reached EUR 250 billion of contribution to sustainable finance  ahead of the target of EUR 300 billion between end-2021 and end-2025.In conjunction with the initiatives announced at the Capital Markets Day event  two new partnerships were recently signed with:The Ocean Cleanup in December 2023 to financially contribute to the international non-profit in developing technologies to clean up plastic pollution in oceans and stemming the inflow from rivers.The International Finance Corporation (IFC)  a member of the World Bank Group  with a Collaboration Framework Agreement to develop sustainable financing for developing countries and thereby contribute to the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).Finally  the appointment of Subra Suresh as Chairman of the Group’s new Scientific Advisory Council is effective from 1 February 2024.2. THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 66.0 billion at 31 December 2023 (vs. EUR 67.0 billion at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 71.5 and tangible net asset value per share stood at EUR 62.7.The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 554 billion at 31 December 2023 vs. EUR 1 485 billion at 31 December 2022. The total funded balance sheet (see Methodology note 9) stood at EUR 970 billion vs. EUR 930 billion at 31 December 2022. The net amount of customer loan outstandings totalled EUR 497 billion  compared with EUR 516 billion at 31 December 2022. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 618 billion  up by around +4% vs. 31 December 2022.At 31 December 2023  the parent company had issued a total of EUR 52.6 billion in medium/long-term debt. The subsidiaries had issued EUR 5.4 billion. In all  the Group has issued a total of EUR 58.0 billion in medium/long-term debt.The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was well above regulatory requirements at 160% at end-December 2023 (an average of 155% for the quarter)  vs. 141% at end-December 2022. At the same time  the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 119% at end-December 2023 vs. 114% at end-December 2022.The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) totalled EUR 388.8 billion at 31 December 2023 vs. EUR 362.4 billion at end-December 2022 according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. RWAs in respect of credit risk account for 83.9% of the total  i.e.  EUR 326.2 billion  up by 7.8% vs. 31 December 2022.At 31 December 2023  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.1%  or around 340 basis points above the regulatory requirement of 9.77%12 at 31 December 2023. The Group’s ratio CET 1 ratio at 31 December 2023 includes a +6 basis-point impact from the phasing of IFRS 9. Excluding this impact  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.1%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 15.6% at end-December 2023 (16.3% at end-December 2022)  while the total capital ratio amounted to 18.2% (19.4% at end-December 2022)  which is above the respective regulatory requirements of 11.67%1 and 14.21%1.The leverage ratio stood at 4.3% at 31 December 2023 (4.4% at end-December 2022)  above the regulatory requirement of 3.5%1.With an RWA level of 31.9% and leverage exposure of 8.7% at end-December 2023  the Group’s TLAC ratio is significantly above the respective Financial Stability Board requirements for 2023 of 22.1%1 and 6.75%1. Likewise  MREL-eligible outstandings  which stood at 33.7% of RWA and 9.2% of leverage exposure at end-December 2023  are also far above the respective regulatory requirements of 25.72%1 and 5.91%1.The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) FitchRatings - long-term rating “A-”  positive outlook  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short-term rating “A-1”.3. FRENCH RETAIL  PRIVATE BANKING & INSURANCEIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 1 953 2 279 -14.3% 8 023 9 210 -12.9% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 1 950 2 234 -12.7% 8 019 9 018 -11.1% Operating expenses (1 672) (1 806) -7.4% (6 708) (6 896) -2.7% Gross operating income 281 473 -40.6% 1 315 2 314 -43.2% Net cost of risk (163) (219) -25.6% (505) (483) +4.6% Operating income 118 254 -53.5% 810 1 831 -55.8% Net profits or losses from other assets 7 51 -86.3% 10 57 -82.5% Reported Group net income 92 229 -59.8% 610 1 406 -56.6% RONE 2.4% 5.8% 3.9% 9.0% Cost to income 85.6% 79.2% 83.6% 74.9%SG Network  Private Banking and InsuranceAverage loans outstanding decreased by -1% vs. Q3 23 (-5% vs. Q4 22) to EUR 201 billion amid a higher interest rate environment compared with 2022. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional clients excluding government-guaranteed PGE loans rose by +1% vs. Q4 22. Home loan outstandings contracted by -2% vs. Q4 22 in line with the Group’s selective lending policy implemented in 2022 against the backdrop of negative margins. It is worth noting that the origination business has resumed with improved positive margins.Average outstanding balance sheet deposits  which include corporate and professional clients of the SG Network at Private Banking and Insurance  were -1.8% lower vs. Q3 23 at EUR 234 billion  with a continued shift from sight deposits to interest-bearing deposits. They contracted by -6% relative to Q4 22 due mainly to the anticipated decrease at the start of the year of corporate deposits amid rising interest rates.As a result  the average loan/deposit ratio came to 86% in Q4 23.Private Banking activities  which cover Private Banking activities in and outside of France  posted record level of assets under management of EUR 143 billion in Q4 23. In 2023  Private Banking’s net asset gathering pace (net new money divided by AuM) rose by an average of +4% vs. 2022. Net banking income for the quarter stood at EUR 355 million  an increase of +1.4% vs. Q4 22  and at EUR 1 470 million for 2023  up by +3.9% vs. 2022.Insurance  which includes activities in and outside of France  has been consolidated in the French Retail  Private Banking & Insurance core business since the second half of 2023.Life insurance outstandings stood at EUR 136 billion at end-December 2023. The unit-linked share of 38% remains at a high level and rose by +3 percentage points vs. December 2022. Gross life insurance savings inflows amounted to EUR 3.5 billion in Q4 23  up by +20% vs. Q4 22.Protection insurance premiums rose by +4% vs. Q4 22  with good commercial momentum in property and casualty premiums (+6% vs. Q4 22) that was notably driven by the performance in France.BoursoBankBoursoBank posted a record quarter in terms of onboarding with more than 566 000 new clients vs. Q4 22  while reducing its acquisition costs per client. The number of clients at the leading online bank in France reached 5.9 million at the end of December 2023 on back of very strong organic growth over the year (+1.2 million clients vs. 2022  up +26% vs. 2022).At end-2023  the penetration rate for the French market (i.e.  the number of clients at BoursoBank divided by the French population) stood at around 8.8%  up by +1.8 percentage point vs. 2022. More specifically  around one French person out of ten and one adult French person under 30 years old out of five is a BoursoBank client.At the same time  service costs are declining (-10% vs. 2022  -27% vs. 2021). By leveraging its efficient model  the cost base remains structurally low. This is illustrated by the limited rise in BoursoBank’s headcount  which number of full-time employees (FTEs) is around 940 in 2023.As a result of a highly selective origination policy on home loans amid a very unfavourable interest-rate environment since mid-2022  average loan outstandings dipped by -4.7% vs. 2022 to EUR 14.8 billion.Average outstanding savings  including deposits and financial savings  registered a sharp rise to EUR 55.6 billion at end 2023  up +13.6% vs. 2022. Deposits increased by +17.3% vs. Q4 22  i.e.  at a much faster rate than the market trends. Life insurance outstandings increased by +2.4% vs. Q4 22 to EUR 11.5 billion  with the unit-linked share accounting for 44.2%  a +2.7 percentage-point rise vs. 2022.Net banking incomeIn Q4 23  revenues totalled EUR 1 953 million  down -14.3% vs. Q4 22  (-12.7% excluding PEL/CEL). Net interest income excluding PEL/CEL was down -26% vs. Q4 22  mainly due to the negative impact from short-term hedges taken before the rise in interest rates. Fee income decreased by -2.7% relative to Q4 22.Over the year  revenues totalled EUR 8 023 million  down -12.9% vs. 2022 (-11.1% restated for the PEL/CEL provision). Net interest income excluding PEL/CEL decreased by -22% vs. 2022 and fee income was stable.Based on latest budget assumptions  the net interest income forecast for French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance for 2024 is expected to be greater than or equal to that of 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 1 672 million  down -7.4% vs. Q4 22. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 85.6% in Q4 23.Over the year  operating expenses decreased by -2.7% vs. 2022 to EUR 6 708 million. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 83.6%.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk amounted to EUR 163 million or 27 basis points  which was lower than in Q4 22 (35 basis points).Over the year  the cost of risk totalled EUR 505 million or 20 basis points  which is stable on the 2022 level.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 92 million  down -60% vs. Q4 22. RONE stood at 2.4% in Q4 23.Over 2023  Group net income came to EUR 610 million  down -57% vs. 2022. RONE stood at 3.9 % in 2023.GLOBAL BANKING AND INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EUR m Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 2 185 2 459 -11.1% -9.8%* 9 640 10 108 -4.6% -3.4%* Operating expenses (1 599) (1 551) +3.1% +5.0%* (6 787) (6 832) -0.7% +0.5%* Gross operating income 586 908 -35.5% -34.8%* 2 853 3 276 -12.9% -11.6%* Net cost of risk (39) (78) -50.0% -47.7%* (30) (421) -92.9% -92.8%* Operating income 547 830 -34.1% -33.6%* 2 823 2 855 -1.1% +0.4%* Reported Group net income 467 695 -32.8% -32.3%* 2 280 2 293 -0.6% +1.0%* RONE 12.3% 16.2% +0.0% +0.0%* 14.8% 14.2% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 73.2% 63.1% +0.0% +0.0%* 70.4% 67.6% +0.0% +0.0%*Net banking incomeGlobal Banking and Investor Solutions delivered a solid performance in the fourth quarter  posting revenues of EUR 2 185 million  down -11.1% with respect to a strong Q4 22.Over 2023  revenues remained high  recording a slight decrease of -4.6% vs. a record 2022 (EUR 9 640 million in 2023 vs. EUR 10 108 million in 2022)  notably owing to less conducive market conditions than in 2022  particularly for the fixed-income business.Global Markets & Investor Services recorded durably strong revenues of EUR 1 359 million in Q4 23  albeit -9.4% down on a high Q4 22 owing to an unfavourable base effect following the EUR 91 million revaluation in 2022 of the participation in Euroclear. Over 2023  revenues totalled EUR 6 299 million  i.e.  a -6.3% decrease vs. 2022.Global Markets turned in a mostly stable performance in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22 amid a normalising market environment  posting revenues of EUR 1 215 million  slightly down (-0.8%) vs. Q4 22  which was a record fourth quarter(13). In 2023  revenues were slightly down by -4.6% vs. 2022 to EUR 5 598 million  which is very good performance despite a less conducive market context.The Equities business performed very well  posting near record fourth quarter revenues of EUR 765 million in Q4 23  up by +18.2% vs. Q4 22. The business was driven by favourable market conditions in the equities markets and by strong demand for derivatives. Over the year  revenues were slightly down by-3.2% to EUR 3 196 million relative to robust business activity in 2022.Fixed Income and Currencies recorded solid revenues of EUR 450 million  notably owing to solid commercial momentum in the investment solutions business. They were nonetheless down -22.1% vs. Q4 22  which ranks among the best performing quarters for this business. Over 2023  revenues decreased by -6.5% vs. 2022 to EUR 2 402 million.Securities Services’ revenues decreased by -47.6% over the quarter to EUR 144 million owing to a positive one-off impact in Q4 22 of EUR 91 million following a revaluation of the participation in Euroclear. Over 2023  revenues contracted by -17.5% vs. 2022 and were stable (-0.7%) excluding the impact of the valuation of various equity participations. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration amounted to EUR 4 931 billion and EUR 579 billion  respectively.The Financing and Advisory business posted revenues of EUR 826 million  down -13.9% vs. Q4 22. In 2023  revenues contracted by a moderate -1.4% to EUR 3 341 million vs. 2022  which was a record year.The Global Banking and Advisory business registered solid revenues  albeit posting a -14.0% decrease compared to the record quarter of Q4 22. The business notably benefited from sustained commercial performance in the Asset Finance and Natural Resources platforms. Strong momentum in Asset-Backed Products in Q4 23 and Investment Banking confirmed its rebound. Over 2023  durably high revenues decreased by -6.8% vs. 2022  which was a record year.While robust  Global Transaction & Payment Services’ revenues were down relative to 2022. Revenues decreased by -13.5% vs. Q4 22 owing to the less favourable interest-rate environment and to increased remuneration on deposits. Nonetheless  2023 was a record year  with revenues up by a sharp +19.3% vs. 2022.Operating expensesOperating expenses came to EUR 1 599 million in Q4 23 and included EUR 64 million in transformation costs. Operating expenses were up by a slight +3.1% vs. Q4 22  reflecting the tight rein on costs despite an inflationary backdrop. Accordingly  the cost-to-income ratio came to 73.2% in Q4 23.Over 2023  operating expenses decreased by a slight -0.7% vs. 2022. They include EUR 167 million in transformation charges. The cost-to-income ratio for the year consequently came to 70.4%. Excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF)  the ratio was 65.4%.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk remained at a very low 9 basis points (or EUR 39 million) vs. 16 basis points in Q4 22.Over 2023  the cost of risk stood at 2 basis points vs. 23 basis points in 2022.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 467 million. It was EUR 2 280 million in 2023  down slightly by-0.6% vs. 2022.For the quarter  Global Banking and Investor Solutions reported RONE of 12.3%. Over 2023  reported RONE came to 14.8% and to 17.2% excluding the contribution to the SRF.INTERNATIONAL RETAIL  MOBILITY AND LEASING SERVICESIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 2 015 2 111 -4.5% -10.1%* 8 507 8 139 +4.5% +1.1%* Operating expenses (1 286) (1 017) +26.5% +0.4%* (4 765) (3 957) +20.4% +8.1%* Gross operating income 729 1 094 -33.4% -19.8%* 3 742 4 182 -10.5% -5.5%* Net cost of risk (137) (133) +3.0% -2.6%* (486) (705) -31.1% -8.8%* Operating income 592 961 -38.4% -22.3%* 3 256 3 477 -6.4% -5.1%* Net profits or losses from other assets (11) (1) n/s n/s (11) 11 n/s n/s Reported Group net income 281 526 -46.6% -33.9%* 1 606 1 921 -16.4% -16.9%* RONE 10.9% 22.8% 16.5% 19.9% Cost to income 63.8% 48.2% 56.0% 48.6%International Retail Banking posted a good commercial performance in 2023  recording loan outstandings of EUR 67.3 billion and deposits of EUR 80.4 billion  up by a respective +4.6% and +5.2% relative to 2022.In Europe  outstanding loans continued their uptrend and totalled EUR 41.9 billion at end-2023  which was a + 5.1% increase on 2022. Outstanding loans in the Czech Republic grew by +3.4% vs. 2022  while in Romania they rose by +12.3% vs. 2022. Outstanding deposits totalled EUR 53.3 billion at end-2023  up by +7.5% vs. 2022.Outstandings in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories also grew  with loans of EUR 25.4 billion and deposits of EUR 27.1 billion in 2023  i.e.  respective increases of +3.7% and +0.8% vs. 2022. The region benefited from particularly robust commercial performances in sub-Saharan Africa  which posted loan outstandings growth of +6.8% vs. 2022  and in the Mediterranean Basin which saw deposits increase by +4.5% vs. 2022.Mobility and Leasing Services registered solid growth in earning assets that was driven by the increase in car values. In Q4 23  earning assets grew by +14.2% to EUR 52.0 billion at end-December 2023 vs. EUR 45.5 billion at end-December 2022.Consumer Finance entities recorded a good performance at end-2023  with loan outstandings of EUR 24.1 billion (+0.7% vs. 2022) and deposit outstandings of EUR 2.3 billion (+17.5% vs. 2022). Equipment Finance business rode high on robust production levels during the entire year to post outstandings of EUR 15.4 billion at end-2023  up +2.8% vs. 2022.Net banking incomeIn Q4 23  the International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services core business posted revenues of EUR 2 015 million  down -4.5% vs. Q4 22. Revenues were notably impacted by a contraction in Ayvens despite the contribution from LeasePlan as a result of the normalisation of Used Car Sales (UCS) results  downward pressure on margins and other exceptional items  notably the negative marked-to-market value of the hedging portfolio (for around EUR -150 million).Over 2023  revenues were up +4.5% vs. 2022 to EUR 8 507 million  including ~EUR 680 million from the integration of LeasePlan.International Retail Banking’s net banking income stood at EUR 1 067 million for the quarter  up by +1.5% vs. Q4 22. Over 2023  revenues stabilised relative to 2022 at EUR 4 191 million.Revenues in Europe remained high in 2023 at EUR 2 037 million and were stable vs. 2022. Romania turned in a good financial performance in 2023 and posted a +12.4% increase in net banking income vs. 2022. The Czech Republic recorded a lower net interest margin compared with a particularly robust 2022 amid high interest rates.Revenues in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories rose sharply over the year by +10.1% vs. 2022 and were driven by robust growth in net interest income across all regions (an average of +14.1% vs. 2022).Mobility and Leasing Services’ revenues decreased by -10.6% over the quarter vs. Q4 22 to EUR 948 million in Q4 23  but were up by +9.3% over the year vs. 2022.Ayvens posted net banking income down by -17% in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22  and up by +16% in 2023 relative to 2022. The fourth quarter was marked by downward pressure on margins resulting from the interest-rate and inflationary environment. The Used Car Sales (UCS) market began to progressively normalise in 2023  which prompted a gradual decrease in UCS results. In Q4 23  Ayvens registered an average UCS results of EUR 1 453 per unit vs. EUR 3 054 in Q4 22 at ALD (including the impact of the reduction in depreciation costs  the average UCS result per unit stands at EUR 444 per car vs. EUR 1 919 in Q4 22) and a continued decrease in prospective depreciation  with a ~EUR -130 million impact vs. Q4 22.At the same time  Ayvens recorded one-off items  notably the negative marked-to-market value of its hedging portfolio on leasing contracts for around EUR -150 million in Q4 23.Over the year  the average UCS results (excluding the reduction of depreciation costs) came to EUR 2 344 per unit  which remains high  relative to a record year in 2022  at EUR 3 269 per unit.2024 will be a pivotal year for Ayvens that will include decisive steps in the LeasePlan integration and synergies of around EUR 120 million that will materialise as of this year (o/w EUR 38 million already secured)  ahead of EUR 350 million in 2025  followed by approximately EUR 440 million in 2026. The amount of associated restructuring costs for 2024 is confirmed at around EUR 190 million  with a remaining amount of around EUR 40 million in 2025.Regarding the business  Ayvens anticipates a gradual improvement in margins in the future and an acceleration in the normalisation of the UCS market. It has set the following targets for 2024:Annual growth in earning assets of +7% to +9% vs. 2023Average UCS result of EUR 1 100 to EUR 1 600 per unit 14Cost-to-income ratio of 65% to 67% excluding UCS results non-recurring items and PPA15In Q4 23  net banking income for consumer credit businesses showed resilience  posting a slight decrease of -2.2% vs. Q4 22. The Consumer Finance and Equipment Finance businesses turned in a good financial performance  posting revenue increases of +15.2% vs. Q4 22 and of +6.0% vs. 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 1 286 million  by +26.5% vs. Q4 22 (stable at constant perimeter and exchange rates). They were impacted by LeasePlan costs of ~EUR 280 million and by transformation costs associated with the integration of around EUR 56 million. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 63.8% in Q4 23.Over 2023  operating expenses totalled EUR 4 765 million  up by +20.4% vs. 2022 (+8.1% at constant perimeter and exchange rates). These included ~EUR 615 million from LeasePlan and ~EUR 250 million in transformation costs.International Retail’s operating expenses were stable over the year at EUR 2 374 million. Operating expenses rose by +2.6% to EUR 593 million in Q4 23 and remained contained amid an inflationary context.Operating expenses for Mobility and Leasing Services totalled EUR 2 391 million  up by +50.5% over the year (+8.1% vs. 2022 at constant perimeter and exchange rates)  including LeasePlan costs and transformation costs associated with its integration.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk fell to 33 basis points (or EUR 137 million) vs. 40 basis points in Q4 22.Over 2023  the cost of risk stood at 32 basis points vs. 52 basis points in 2022.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 281 million  down -46.6% vs. Q4 22. RONE stood at 10.9% in Q4 23. RONE was 18.2% in International Retail Banking  and 5.9% in Mobility and Leasing Services in Q4 23.Over 2023  Group net income came to EUR 1 606 million  down -16.4% vs. 2022  while RONE stood at 16.5%. RONE was 17.5% in International Retail Banking  and 15.9% in Mobility and Leasing Services in 2023.CORPORATE CENTREIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Net banking income (196) (238) (1 066) (302) Operating expenses (109) (81) (264) (309) Gross operating income (305) (319) (1 330) (611) Net cost of risk (22) 17 (4) (38) Net profits or losses from other assets (16) (60) (112) (3 364) Impairment losses on goodwill - - (338) - Income tax (46) (9) (126) 382 Reported Group net income (410) (380) (2 003) (3 795)The Corporate Centre includes:the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects  as well as several costs incurred by the Group that are not re-invoiced to the businesses.Net banking incomeThe Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -196 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -238 million in Q4 22. It notably included the negative impact from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR -30 million at Q4 23 and the impact of the decrease in long-term rates on hedges not eligible for hedge accounting (around EUR -100 million).Over the year  the Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -1 066 million vs. EUR -302 million in 2022. It notably includes the negative impact of replacement swaps for around EUR -310 million  the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR -330 million and the negative impact of the year of one-off items for around EUR -200 million.Operating expensesOperating expenses totalled EUR -109 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -81 million in Q4 22.Over the year  operating expenses totalled EUR -264 million vs. EUR -309 million in 2022.Income taxIn Q4 23 the Group accounted for a provision for deferred tax assets of around EUR 100 million.Group net incomeThe Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -410 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -380 million in Q4 22.Over the year  the Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -2 003 million vs. EUR -3 795 million in 2022.7. 2024 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2024 Financial communication calendarMay 3  2024 First quarter 2024 resultsMay 22  2024 2023 General MeetingMay 27  2024 Dividend detachmentMay 29  2024 Dividend paymentAugust 1  2024 Second quarter and first half 2024 resultsOctober 31  2024 Third quarter and 9 month 2024 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Variation 2023 2022 Variation French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 92 229 -59.8% 610 1 406 -56.6% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 467 695 -32.8% 2 280 2 293 -0.6% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 281 526 -46.6% 1 606 1 921 -16.4% Core Businesses 840 1 450 -42.1% 4 496 5 620 -20.0% Corporate Centre (410) (380) -7.9% (2 003) (3 795) +47.2% Group 430 1 070 -59.8% 2 493 1 825 +36.6%MAIN EXCEPTIONAL ITEMSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Net Banking Income - Total exceptional items 41 0 (199) 0 One-off legacy items - Corporate Centre 41 0 (199) 0 Operating expenses - Total one-off items and transformation charges (102) (221) (765) (767) Transformation charges (102) (221) (730) (767) Of which French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 18 (84) (312) (414) Of which Global Banking & Investor Solutions (64) (82) (167) (198) Of which International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services (56) (55) (251) (155) One-off items 0 0 (35) 0 Of which French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 0 0 60 0 Of which Global Banking & Investor Solutions 0 0 (95) 0 Other one-off items - Total (116) (60) (820) (3 364) Net profits or losses from other assets (16) (60) (112) (3 364) Goodwill impairment - Corporate Centre(1) 0 0 (338) 0 Provision of Deferred Tax Assets - Corporate Centre(1) (100) 0 (370) 016CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETIn EUR m 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 R17 Cash  due from central banks 223 048 207 013 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 495 882 427 151 Hedging derivatives 10 585 32 971 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 90 894 92 960 Securities at amortised cost 28 147 26 143 Due from banks at amortised cost 77 879 68 171 Customer loans at amortised cost 485 449 506 635 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (433) (2 262) Insurance and reinsurance contracts assets 459 353 Tax assets 4 717 4 484 Other assets 69 765 82 315 Non-current assets held for sale 1 763 1 081 Investments accounted for using the equity method 227 146 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 60 714 33 958 Goodwill 4 949 3 781 Total 1 554 045 1 484 900In EUR m 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 R Due to central banks 9 718 8 361 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 375 584 304 175 Hedging derivatives 18 708 46 164 Debt securities issued 160 506 133 176 Due to banks 117 847 133 011 Customer deposits 541 677 530 764 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedgedagainst interest rate risk (5 857) (9 659) Tax liabilities 2 402 1 645 Other liabilities 93 658 107 315 Non-current liabilities held for sale 1 703 220 Insurance contracts related liabilities 141 723 135 875 Provisions 4 235 4 579 Subordinated debts 15 894 15 948 Total liabilities 1 477 798 1 411 574 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 186 21 248 Other equity instruments 8 924 9 136 Retained earnings 32 891 33 816 Net income 2 493 1 825 Sub-total 65 494 66 025 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses 481 945 Sub-total equity  Group share 65 975 66 970 Non-controlling interests 10 272 6 356 Total equity 76 247 73 326 Total 1 554 045 1 484 900APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 –The financial information presented for the fourth quarter and the year 2023 was examined by the Board of Directors on February 7th  2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. The review procedures on the consolidated annual financial statements  2023 carried by the Statutory Auditors are currently underway.2 - Net banking incomeThe pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity.3 - Operating expensesOperating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in notes 5 and 8.2 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31st  2022. The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.4 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandingsThe cost of risk is defined on pages 42 and 691 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases.In EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 French Retail  Private Banking and InsuranceNet Cost Of Risk 163 219 505 483 Gross loan Outstandings 240 533 250 175 246 701 246 249 Cost of Risk in bp 27 35 20 20 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 39 78 30 421 Gross loan Outstandings 168 799 190 079 169 823 182 110 Cost of Risk in bp 9 16 2 23 International Banking  Mobility and Leasing SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 137 133 486 705 Gross loan Outstandings 164 965 133 756 150 161 135 743 Cost of Risk in bp 33 40 32 52 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk 22 (17) 4 38 Gross loan Outstandings 23 075 16 363 20 291 15 411 Cost of Risk in bp 40 (41) 2 25 Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 361 413 1 025 1 647 Gross loan Outstandings 597 371 590 373 586 977 579 513 Cost of Risk in bp 24 28 17 28The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”).5 - ROE  ROTE  RONEThe notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodologyEnd of period (in EURm) Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Shareholders' equity Group share 65 975 66 970 65 975 66 970 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (9 095) (10 017) (9 095) (10 017) Interest payable to holders of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (21) (24) (21) (24) OCI excluding conversion reserves 636 780 636 780 Distribution provision(2) (995) (1 803) (995) (1 803) ROE equity end-of-period 56 500 55 906 56 500 55 906 Average ROE equity 56 607 55 953 56 396 55 282 Average Goodwill(3) (4 068) (3 660) (4 011) (3 650) Average Intangible Assets (3 188) (2 828) (3 143) (2 751) Average ROTE equity 49 351 49 465 49 242 48 881 Group net Income 430 1 070 2 493 1 825 Interest paid and payable to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation (215) (192) (759) (596) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - - 338 3 Ajusted Group net Income 215 878 2 073 1 233 ROTE 1.7% 7.1% 4.2% 2.5%181920Average normative capital allocated to core businessesIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change French Retail   Private Banking and Insurance 15 439 15 867 -2.7% 15 449 15 592 -0.9% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 15 247 17 115 -10.9% 15 426 16 176 -4.6% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 10 313 9 242 +11.6% 9 707 9 670 +0.4% Core Businesses 40 999 42 224 -2.9% 40 582 41 438 -2.1% Corporate Center 15 608 13 729 +12.9% 15 814 13 844 +14.0% Group 56 607 55 953 +1.0% 56 396 55 282 +2.0%6 - Net assets and tangible net assetsNet assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 45 of the Group’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below:End of period (in EURm) 2023 2022 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 65 975 66 970 65 067 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (9 095) (10 017) (8 003) Interest of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (21) (24) 20 Book value of own shares in trading portfolio 36 67 37 Net Asset Value 56 895 56 996 57 121 Goodwill (4 008) (3 652) (3 624) Intangible Assets (2 954) (2 875) (2 733) Net Tangible Asset Value 49 933 50 469 50 764 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS(2) 796 244 801 147 831 162 Net Asset Value per Share 71.5 71.1 68.7 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 62.7 63.0 61.121227 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS)The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE.The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table:Average number of shares (thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Existing shares 818 008 845 478 853 371 Deductions Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 802 6 252 3 861 Other own shares and treasury shares 11 891 16 788 3 249 Number of shares used to calculate EPS(1) 799 315 822 437 846 261 Group net Income (in EUR m) 2 493 1 825 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (in EUR m) (759) (596) (590) Adjusted Group net income (in EUR m) 1 735 1 230 5 051 EPS (in EUR) 2.17 1.50 5.97238 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios.249 – Funded balance sheet  loan to deposit ratioThe funded balance sheet is based on the Group financial statements. It is obtained in two steps:A first step aiming at reclassifying the items of the financial statements into aggregates allowing for a more economic reading of the balance sheet. Main reclassifications:Insurance: grouping of the accounting items related to insurance within a single aggregate in both assets and liabilities.Customer loans: include outstanding loans with customers (net of provisions and write-downs  including net lease financing outstanding and transactions at fair value through profit and loss); excludes financial assets reclassified under loans and receivables in accordance with the conditions stipulated by IFRS 9 (these positions have been reclassified in their original lines).Wholesale funding:Includes interbank liabilities and debt securities issued.Financing transactions have been allocated to medium/long-term resources and short-term resources based on the maturity of outstanding  more or less than one year.Reclassification under customer deposits of the share of issues placed by French Retail Banking networks (recorded in medium/long-term financing)  and certain transactions carried out with counterparties equivalent to customer deposits (previously included in short term financing).Deduction from customer deposits and reintegration into short-term financing of certain transactions equivalent to market resources.A second step aiming at excluding the contribution of insurance subsidiaries  and netting derivatives  repurchase agreements  securities borrowing/lending  accruals and “due to central banks”.The Group loan/deposit ratio is determined as the division of the customer loans by customer deposits as presented in the funded balance sheet.NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules.(2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section.Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with 117 000 employees serving 25 million clients in more than 60 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for nearly 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail Banking   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank Boursorama.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank Boursorama. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  and ALD / LeasePlan  a global player in sustainable mobility.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.1 After restatement of operating expenses of Russia in 2022 (EUR 145m) and those of LeasePlan (EUR 617m in 2023 and ~EUR 280m in Q4 23)2 Phased-in ratio3 Consistent with distribution policy disclosed during Capital Markets Day applicable from 20234 Based on the number of shares in circulation at 31 December 2023  subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECB5 Based on macro-economic assumptions detailed on slide 37 of the Group’s fourth quarter and full year resultsNB: 2022 data in this document are restated in compliance with IFRS17 and IFRS9 for insurance entities6 Average annual revenue growth between 0% and 2% over 2022-2026Asterisks* in the document refer to data at constant perimeter and exchange rate7 Ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 20198 Ratio of S3 provisions and guarantees/collateral to gross book value of NPL9 Based on the number of shares in circulation at 31 December 2023  subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECB10 In line with the IAI/MPP 1.5°C scenario11 Based on a Poseidon Principles alignment score of 15% in 2030 relative to the IMO’s “Striving For” scenario. Excluding cruise ships at the present time  until the carbon intensity indicator is modified to take into account its specific features12 From 2 January 2024  the new regulatory requirements will be as follows: 10.22% for the CET 1 ratio  12.14% for the Tier 1 ratio  14.71 % for the total solvency ratio  3.6% for the leverage ratio  27.24% and 6.08% respectively for the MREL RWA and leverage exposure ratios  22.29% and 6.75 %  respectively  for the TLAC RWA and leverage exposure ratios13 At comparable business model in the post Global Financial Crisis (GFC) regulatory regime14 Excluding prospective depreciation and PPA15 Cost to income ratio at ~70% reported at SG level16 Items restated from reported net income for the proposed distribution17 Balance sheet restated in compliance with IFRS17 and IFRS9 for insurance entities18 Interest net of tax19 Based on the 2023 proposed distribution  subject to usual approvals of the General Meeting and the ECB20 Excluding goodwill arising from non-controlling interests21 Interest net of tax22 The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.23 The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.21,0.5,True,English,"['2023 full year results', 'Societe Generale', 'Fourth quarter', 'United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals', 'regulatory requirement Liquidity Coverage Ratio', 'purchase price allocation process', 'quarterly organic client acquisition', 'limited organic RWA growth', 'new NZBA alignment targets', 'The Ocean Cleanup', 'front office reorganisation', 'additional gross savings', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Business portfolio management', 'new relationship model', 'high S1/S2 inventory', 'responsible, long-term relationships', 'net interest income', 'new operating model', 'International Retail Banking', 'stable operating expenses', 'international banking activities', 'NEW STRATEGIC ROADMAP', 'BETTER PERFORMANCE THROUGH', 'French Retail Banking', 'strong proof points', 'Group net income', 'share buyback programme', 'Investor Solutions franchises', 'GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', 'STRATEGIC PLAN EXECUTION', 'Disciplined risk management', 'EUR 220 million reduction', 'liquidity ratios', 'sustainable banks', 'disciplined management', 'income ratio', 'financial targets', 'new partnerships', 'new bank', 'new chapter', 'Global Banking', 'Net cost', 'CET 1 ratio', 'QUARTERLY RESULTS', 'quarterly performance', 'core franchises', 'Advisory activities', 'CET1 ratio', 'high level', 'long-term value', 'strategic ambitions', 'Strong annual', 'French networks', 'Revenue growth', 'financial plan', 'Press release', 'FULL-YEAR RESULTS', '17 basis points', 'Quarterly revenues', 'constant perimeter1', '24 basis points', 'MAIN HIGHLIGHTS', 'negative impact', 'short-term hedges', 'Record annual', '6 million clients', 'Gas exposure', 'cash dividend', 'General Meeting', 'commercial performance', 'Chad subsidiaries', 'Linear improvement', 'operational efficiency', 'Maintain pace', '30 basis points', 'Slawomir Krupa', 'exceptional momentum', 'unprecedented transformations', 'same time', 'sharp decrease', 'last 160 years', 'Societe Generale', 'top-tier, rock-solid', 'unequivocal commitment', 'meticulous execution', 'unwavering commitment', 'precise, regular', 'transparent reports', 'Strong capital', 'Low cost', 'elevated cost', 'transformation charges', 'depth transformation', 'ESG commitments', 'A YEAR', 'YEAR FOCUSED', 'EURm Q4', 'transformation costs', '80% reduction', '340 basis', '31 DECEMBER', 'Paris', '8 February', 'TRANSITION', 'ROTE', 'Deposit', 'Beginning', 'rebound', 'BoursoBank', 'January', 'Determination', 'LeasePlan', 'amount', 'goodwill', 'signature', 'IFC', 'setting', '7 sectors', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'deployment', 'implementation', 'overhaul', 'setup', 'Financing', 'Ayvens', 'finalisation', 'disposals', 'Congo', 'initiatives', 'strength', 'regions', 'capacity', 'France', 'ability', 'risks', 'September', 'history', 'millions', 'way', 'service', 'day', 'projects', 'contribution', 'potential', 'source', 'pride', 'Europe', 'stakeholders', 'confidence', 'improved', 'progress', '2026 objectives', '25', '2024']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35997,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/Publicis-Groupe-Full-Year-2023-Results-45909345/,Publicis Groupe : Full Year 2023 Results -February 08  2024 at 01:32 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Full Year 2023 Results-Another record year on all KPIs Confident for 2024 February 8  2024 Full year 2023 net revenue organic growth at +6.3% with stronger than expected Q4 at +5.7%Industry-leading financial ratios: 18.0% operating margin…,"Full Year 2023 Results-Another record year on all KPIsConfident for 2024February 8  2024Full year 2023 net revenue organic growth at +6.3% with stronger than expected Q4 at +5.7%Industry-leading financial ratios: 18.0% operating margin rate; headline EPS up +10% at €6.96; adjusted free cash flow at €1.7bn 1#1 rank in new business over the last 5 years 22023 proposed dividend at €3.40 per share  fully paid in cashConfident in outperforming in 2024  despite macroeconomic challenges: Organic growth expected at +4% to +5% Operating margin rate at 18% Free cash flow between €1.8 and €1.9bnFY 2023 Results (€m) FY 2023 2023 vs 2022 Revenue 14 802 +4.3% Net revenue 13 099 +4.2% Organic growth +6.3% Operating margin 2 363 +4.3% Operating margin rate 18.0% - Headline diluted EPS (euro) 6.96 +9.5% Adjusted free cash flow €1.7bn1Q4 2023 Revenue Net revenue 3 540 Reported growth +2.3% Organic growth +5.7%1 Free cash flow (FCF) before change in working capital requirement.Reported 2023 FCF at €1 547M when including net cash impact for Rosetta settlement of €148M.2 JP Morgan rankings 2019 – 2023.Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“In a very challenging macroeconomic context  and after 6 years of transformation  Publicis definitely extracted itself from the pack in 2023.Our +6.3% net revenue organic growth for the full year  coming after a stronger than expected end to the year at +5.7% in Q4  means that not only are we substantially outperforming our holding company peers  we are also growing twice as fast as the main IT consulting firms.What is true for organic growth is also true for our financial KPIs  be it on margin or on free cash flow.At a moment when our clients need partners that can truly help them transform in a challenging and ever-changing environment  our unique model has made the difference  allowing us to significantly gain market share and rank first in new business for the fifth year in a row.With a reported revenue of close to 15 billion euros in 2023  up 35% versus 2019  Publicis has firmly established itself as our industry’s second largest player and the first in terms of market capitalization.Entering 2024  we feel confident in sustaining this momentum  just as we’ve done for the last four years with a +4.7% CAGR  twice the industry average. We anticipate delivering +4 to +5% organic growth while maintaining our historically high operating margin at 18%. When it comes to Q1  we expect to significantly outperform the industry with an organic growth within our full year guidance.I would like to thank of our clients for their trust during this transformation journey and our people for their outstanding efforts. Thanks to all of them  we have reached new heights as a group  and are now in a position to face what will be another year of uncertainties with confidence and ambition.”* **Publicis Groupe’s Supervisory Board met on February 7  2024  under the chairmanship of Maurice Lévy  to examine the 2023 annual accounts presented by Arthur Sadoun  CEO and Chairman of the Management Board.KEY FIGURESEUR million  except per-share data and percentages FY 2023 FY 2022 2023vs 2022 Data from the Income Statement and Cash flow Statement Net revenue 13 099 12 572 +4.2% Pass-through revenue 1 703 1 624 +4.9% Revenue 14 802 14 196 +4.3% EBITDA 2 845 2 801 +1.6% % of Net revenue +21.7% 22.3% - 60 bps Operating margin 2 363 2 266 +4.3% % of Net revenue 18.0% 18.0% 0 bps Operating income 1 740 1 767 -1.5% Net income attributable to the Groupe 1 312 1 222 +7.4% Earnings Per Share (EPS) 5.23 4.87 +7.4% Headline diluted EPS1 6.96 6.35 +9.6% Dividend per share2 3.40 2.90 +17.2% Free cash flow before WC requirements 1 547 1 807 Underlying free cash flow before WC requirements3 1 802 1 700 Data from the Balance Sheet Dec. 31  2023 Dec. 31  2022Total assets 36 716 35 898 Groupe share of Shareholders’ equity 9 788 9 635 Net debt (net cash) (909) (634)1 Net income attributable to the Groupe  after elimination of impairment charges  real estate consolidation charge  amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions  the main capital gains (or losses) on disposals  change in the fair value of financial assets  the revaluation of earn-out costs  divided by the average number of shares on a diluted basis.2 To be proposed to the shareholders at the AGM of May 29  2024.3 Adjusted for the net impact of the Rosetta settlement for 148 million euros in 2023 and the additional 107 million euros cash tax payment made in January 2023 relating to 2022 (110 million euros at 2022 rates).NET REVENUE IN FY 2023Publicis Groupe’s net revenue for the full year 2023 was 13 099 million euros  up +4.2% compared to 12 572 million euros in 2022. Exchange rate variations over the period had a negative impact of 340 million euros and acquisitions (net of disposals) had a positive impact of 100 million euros.Organic growth was +6.3% in FY 2023 versus 2022. Compared to 2019  this implied organic growth of +21%  accelerating in H2 at +22% after +19% in H1.The Groupe’s strong and consistent performance in 2023 was reflected in each and every of its unique capabilities.Media  one third of revenue  grew double-digit on top of double digits last year  benefitting from both market shares gains and organic growth at existing clients. Data and tech activities  another third of revenue  posted a very solid growth overall. On the one hand  despite a context of slowdown in digital business transformation experienced by comparable consulting firms  Publicis Sapient achieved a solid +3.2% organic growth on top of a very high comparable base of +19% in FY 2022. On the other hand  Epsilon’s performance accelerated in the second half of the year  posting +9.6% organically in FY 2023  supported by a sustained high demand in first-party data management. Creative  the remaining third  showed its resilience with organic growth in the low-single digits for the year.Breakdown of FY 2023 net revenue by sectorBased on 3 641 clients representing 91% of the Groupe’s net revenue.Breakdown of FY 2023 net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million FY 2023 FY 2022 growth growth North America 8 050 7 869 +2.3% +4.9% Europe 3 172 2 879 +10.2% +10.3% Asia Pacific 1 156 1 176 -1.7% +2.9% Middle East & Africa 380 359 +5.8% +12.4% Latin America 341 289 +18.0% +8.9% Total 13 099 12 572 +4.2% +6.3%In North America  net revenue was up +4.9% organically. The region grew +2.3% on a reported basis in 2023  which includes a negative impact of the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate. The U.S. posted a very solid +5.0% organically  on top of a double-digit growth last year  fueled by Media activities at double-digit. Epsilon saw its net revenue increase by +9.6% organically on the year  with a particularly strong performance in Digital Media. Creative activities were broadly stable on the year. Finally  Publicis Sapient was up +2.5% organically on a strong comparable base  impacted by the delays in DBT projects experienced by all comparable IT consulting firms.Net revenue in Europe grew +10.3% on an organic basis (+10.2% reported)  including a very strong +10.4% in the United Kingdom  +5.2%1 in France  +7.2% in Germany and +16% in Central and Eastern Europe. Excluding the impact of our Outdoor Media activities and the Drugstore  organic growth was +9.0% in Europe.Asia Pacific saw its net revenue grow by +2.9% organically and decline by 1.7% on a reported basis. China posted +2.2% organic growth despite difficult macroeconomic conditions throughout the year.The Middle East and Africa region was up +12.4% organically and +5.8% on a reported basis.In Latin America  organic growth was at +8.9%  while reported growth was at +18.0%.1 Excluding Outdoor Media activities & the Drugstore.NET REVENUE IN Q4 2023Publicis Groupe's net revenue in Q4 2023 was 3 540 million euros compared to 3 462 million euros in Q4 2022  up +2.3%. Exchange rate variations had a 139 million euros negative impact. Acquisitions (net of disposals) had a 28 million euros positive impact.Organic growth was +5.7% in Q4 2023  ahead of the Groupe’s upgraded guidance in October 2023.Media  one third of revenue  accelerated to double-digit growth in Q4  supported by a solid ramp up in new business. Data & tech activities  another third  saw contrasted trends like in Q3. Epsilon  on the one hand  posted a second consecutive quarter of double-digit growth  led by the high demand for 1P data. As anticipated  Publicis Sapient saw ongoing delays in DBT projects  like all comparable IT consulting firms  leading to a slight organic decline in Q4. Creative was again resilient in Q4  with low-single digit growth.Breakdown of Q4 2023 Net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q4 2023 Q4 2022 growth growth North America 2 158 2 133 +1.2% +6.0% Europe 851 814 +4.5% +4.3% Asia Pacific 318 323 -1.5% +4.0% Middle East & Africa 106 104 +1.9% +9.7% Latin America 107 88 +21.6% +13.9% Total 3 540 3 462 +2.3% +5.7%North America net revenue was up +6.0% organically in Q4 2023. Taking into account a negative impact of the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate  reported growth was at +1.2%. The U.S. accelerated in Q4 with +6.1% organic growth as Media grew a strong double-digit  while Creative activities were softer on the quarter  affected by localized cuts in classic advertising and on top of a high comparable base last year. Epsilon posted +10% organic on the quarter  largely driven by its Digital Media and Data divisions. In the context of delays in IT consulting projects  Publicis Sapient was broadly stable  facing a strong comparable base of +15% in Q4 2022.Europe net revenue was up +4.3% on an organic basis (+4.5% reported). It grew +2.5% organically when excluding the contribution of Outdoor Media activities and the Drugstore. The United Kingdom posted a 4.2% organic decline on the quarter  facing a particularly high comparable base of +38% in Q4 2022 which was largely fueled by Publicis Sapient. France recorded a +6.3%1 organic growth  driven by Creative and Publicis Sapient. In Germany  organic growth was up by +5.3%. Net revenue in Central & Eastern Europe was up +20.3% organically.1 Excluding Outdoor Media activities & the DrugstoreNet revenue in Asia Pacific grew +4.0% organically and declined 1.5% on a reported basis. This was led by China that improved sequentially to +1.4% in Q4  thanks to a more favorable macroeconomic context. South-East Asia was double-digit again this quarter  mainly driven by India  Singapore  Thailand  and Malaysia. Australia and New Zealand posted negative performances  the latter having a very strong comparable in Q4 last year.Net revenue in the Middle East and Africa region was up +9.7% organically (+1.9% on a reported basis)  largely driven by Publicis Sapient.In Latin America  net revenue was up +13.9% organically (+21.6% on a reported basis) led by Argentina  a strong Colombia at double digits and solid Mexico and Brazil.ANALYSIS OF FY 2023 KEY FIGURESIncome StatementEBITDA amounted to 2 845 million euros in 2023  compared to 2 801 million euros in 2022  up 1.6%. EBITDA was 21.7% as a percentage of net revenue.Personnel costs totaled 8 514 million euros in 2023  up by 3.7% from 8 211 million euros in 2022. As a percentage of net revenue  the personnel expenses represented 65.0% in 2023  compared to 65.3% in 2022. Fixed personnel costs were 7 531 million euros representing 57.5% of net revenue versus 56.5% in 2022. The cost of freelancers decreased by 124 million euros in 2023  representing 332 million euros. Restructuring costs reached 111 million euros representing less than 1% of net revenue  up from 82 million euros in 2022.Non-personnel costs amounted to 2 222 million euros in 2023  compared to 2 095 million euros in 2022. This represented 17.0% of net revenue versus 16.7% in 2022. They comprised:Other operating expenses (excluding pass-through costs  depreciation & amortization) amounted to 1 740 million euros  compared to 1 560 million euros in 2022. This represented 13.3% of net revenue in 2023 compared to 12.4% in 2022.(excluding pass-through costs  depreciation & amortization) amounted to 1 740 million euros  compared to 1 560 million euros in 2022. This represented 13.3% of net revenue in 2023 compared to 12.4% in 2022. Depreciation and amortization expense was 482 million euros in 2023  versus 535 million euros in 2022  a reduction of 10% or 53 million euros. It reflects the consolidation of our real estate footprint as well as an increase in the share of SaaS platforms used by the Groupe and directly expensed.The operating margin amounted to 2 363 million euros  up +4.3% compared to 2022. This represents a margin rate of 18.0%  stable versus 2022.Operating margin rates by region were 19.0% in North America  17.7% in Europe  19.0% in Asia-Pacific  6.7% in Latin America and 8.7% in the Middle East and Africa region.Amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions totaled 268 million euro in 2023  down 19 million euros from 287 million euros in 2022. Impairment losses amounted to 153 million euros (109 million euros in 2022)  essentially related to the real estate consolidation plan ""All in One""  which leads to a reduction in the number of sites  while allowing better collaboration between the teams.In addition  net non-current income is negative at 202 million euros in 2023 (versus a negative 103 million euros in 2022)  largely reflecting a 203 million euros net charge related to the Rosetta settlement. A comprehensive resolution was reached with all 50 State Attorneys General  the District of Columbia  and certain U.S. territories related to past work undertaken for opioid manufacturers primarily by former advertising agency Rosetta  bringing to a close almost three years of discussions. In the context of this settlement  following the payment of 343 million dollars to the States  Publicis Health was compensated 130 million dollars by its insurers. Consequently  it has recorded a non-recurring charge of 213 million dollars before tax in the fourth quarter of 2023. In addition  7 million dollars to be paid to the Attorney Generals for the cost of investigation and other various costs have been accounted for. The total impact of the settlement before tax in the non-current income is a charge of 220 million dollars  corresponding to 203 million euros. This settlement  in which the Attorneys General recognized Publicis Health’s ‘good faith and responsible corporate citizenship’  is in no way an admission of wrongdoing or liability.Operating income totaled 1 740 million euros in 2023  after 1 767 million euros in 2022.The financial result  comprising the cost of net financial debt and other financial charges and income  was a charge of 21 million euros compared to a charge of 117 million euros in 2022.The cost of net financial debt was an income of 78 million euros in 2023 compared to a charge of 17 million euros in 2022. It included 99 million euros of interest largely related to Epsilon’s acquisition debt (102 million euros in 2022)  partly mitigated by financial income of 178 million euros  improving from 85 million euros in 2022  largely reflecting higher remuneration on cash balances.was an income of 78 million euros in 2023 compared to a charge of 17 million euros in 2022. It included 99 million euros of interest largely related to Epsilon’s acquisition debt (102 million euros in 2022)  partly mitigated by financial income of 178 million euros  improving from 85 million euros in 2022  largely reflecting higher remuneration on cash balances. Other financial income and expenses were a charge of 99 million euros in 2023  notably composed by 79 million euros interest on lease liabilities and 1 million in income from the fair value remeasurement of Mutual Funds. In 2022  other financial income and expenses were a charge of 100 million euros  notably composed of 87 million euros interest on lease liabilities and 9 million in income from the fair value remeasurement of Mutual Funds.The revaluation of earn-out payments amounted to an income of 12 million euros compared to a loss of 2 million euros in 2022.The income tax charge was 415 million euros in 2023  corresponding to an effective tax rate of 24.1%. This compared to 431 million euros in 2022  corresponding to an effective tax rate of 24.8%.The share in profit of associates was an income of 6 million euros (versus an income of 5 million euros in 2022).Minority interests were a gain of 10 million euros in 2023  when they were negligible in 2022.Overall  net income attributable to the Groupe was 1 312 million euros in 2023  an increase of 7.4% compared to 1 222 million euros in 2022.Finally  the Groupe’s earnings per share was 5.23 euros in 2023  an increase of 7.4% compared to 4.87 euros in 2022.Free cash flowEUR million FY 2023 FY 2022 EBITDA 2 845 2 801 Financial interest paid (net) 93 (17) Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests (423) (404) Tax paid (669) (430) Other (121) 51 Cash flow from operations before change in WCR 1 725 2 001 Investments in fixed assets (net) (178) (194) Reported free cash flow before changes in WCR 1 547 1 807 TCJA transitional cash tax related to 2022 paid in January 2023 107 (107) Rosetta settlement 148 - Underlying free cash flow before changes in WCR1 1 802 1 700The reported Groupe’s free cash flow  before change in working capital requirements  was 1 547 million euros.This included two main non-recurring cash outflows.TCJA  for a net impact of 107 million euros: In January 2023  the Groupe proceeded to an additional 107 million euros cash payment related to 2022 fiscal year (110 million euros at 2022 USD/EUR exchange rate)  reflecting the implementation of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in the U.S. (TCJA) that was confirmed late December 2022. This change in tax legislation requires companies to capitalize and amortize U.S. R&D expenses over five years and has no impact on effective tax rate. Including this additional payment  the free cash flow for the Groupe was 1 700 million euros for 2022.Rosetta settlement  for a net impact of 148 million euros. Adjusted for this settlement  the free cash flow for the Groupe was 1 695 million euros for 2023  in line with the guidance of the Groupe of close to 1.7 billion euros.Financial interests were an income of 93 million euros  compared to financial interest paid of 17 million euros in 2022  reflecting higher remuneration on cash balances.1 Adjusted for the net impact of the Rosetta settlement for 148 million euros in 2023 and the additional 107 million euros cash tax payment made in January 2023 relating to 2022 (110 million euros at 2022 rates).Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests amounted to 423 million euros in 2023 (404 million euros in 2022). Net investments in fixed assets amounted to 178 million euros  decreasing by 16 million euros compared to 194 million euros in 2022.Tax paid amounted to 669 million euros  compared to 430 million euros in 2022  rising by 239 million euros of which 107 million euros were due to the additional TCJA tax payment realized in January 2023 and related to 2022.Net debtThe Groupe reported a net cash position of 909 million euros as of December 31  2023 compared to a 634 million euros net cash position as of December 31  2022. The Groupe's average net debt in 2023 amounted to 432 million euros  down from 685 million euros in 2022.GROUPE AI STRATEGYOn January 25  2024  the Groupe announced its ambition to become the industry’s first AI-powered Intelligent System.In a presentation hosted by Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO  and Directoire+ members Carla Serrano  Chief Strategy Officer  Nigel Vaz  CEO Publicis Sapient and Dave Penski  CEO Publicis Media  the Groupe introduced CoreAI  which infuses a layer of AI across the Groupe’s platform organization to connect its enterprise knowledge under a single entity.Held at the centre of the Groupe  CoreAI unifies and standardizes Publicis’ expansive bank of proprietary data and combines this with 35 years of business transformation data and coding owned exclusively by Publicis Sapient. CoreAI makes these assets shareable and accessible to everyone across the Groupe  empowering them across five key disciplines: Insight  Media  Creative and Production  Software and Operations.Publicis plans to invest 300 million euros in this strategy over the next three years. In 2024  the Groupe anticipates an investment of 100 million euros with 50% dedicated to people  focused on upskilling  training and recruitment  and 50% to technology  through licenses  IT software and cloud infrastructure. This investment will be fully accounted for in the P&L. It will have no dilutive impact on the Groupe’s operating margin in 2024 as it will be funded by internal efficiencies. It will be slightly accretive on the operating margin in 2025.The Groupe began engineering CoreAI in the second half of 2023 and plans to iteratively roll out capabilities in the first half of 2024. It will present MVPs at Viva Tech in May 2024.ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALSOn January 4  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Yieldify  a London-based marketing technology company. Founded in 2013  Yieldify’s leading platform and service enable companies to better personalize consumers’ website experiences  driving incremental revenue and other desired outcomes by delivering the right message at the right time based on a consumer's profile and stage in their purchase journey. Yieldify will become part of Epsilon  and its onsite personalization  conversion optimization and customer journey offerings will complement Epsilon PeopleCloud to better address the mid-market.On January 10  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Advertise BG  one of the leading performance marketing agencies in Bulgaria. The strategic acquisition will further reinforce Publicis Groupe Bulgaria’s competencies in digital transformation  adding firepower to its existing offering across digital strategy  data  social media  and digital content creation.On March 30  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Practia  based in Buenos Aires  a leading Latin America independent technology company and provider of digital business transformation services. With its 1 200 experienced professionals  this acquisition will position Publicis Sapient to enter the Latin America market while establishing a foundation for a nearshore delivery platform that will enable the company to better service clients based in North America.On May 23  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of full stake in Publicis Sapient AI Labs  an innovative artificial intelligence research and development joint venture launched in 2020 in partnership between Publicis Sapient  Elder Research and Tquila. The acquisition will further strengthen Publicis Sapient’s data & AI capabilities and enable the company to develop innovative solutions across industries for a wide range of applications  such as generative AI  natural language processing (NLP)  computer vision and autonomous systems.On June 5  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Corra  based in New York  an ecommerce leader recognized by Adobe as one of the top commerce firms in North America. Corra will augment Publicis Sapient’s existing expertise in commerce solutions  including Adobe Commerce  while extending Publicis Sapient’s offerings in digital and omnichannel commerce. By acquiring Corra  Publicis Sapient will further establish itself as a global leader across the entire Adobe Product Suite  in addition to further cementing its already leading capabilities.On June 15  2023  Publicis and Carrefour announced the launch of their joint venture Unlimitail  to address the booming retail media market in Continental Europe  Brazil and Argentina. The launch of the company comes six months after the initiative was announced and has been unveiled during Viva Tech. Unlimitail will partner with retailers and brands  bringing the scale  connectivity and consistency for retail media to reach its full potential in those geographies. It is built on the most advanced technologies  “CitrusAd powered by Epsilon”  and the deepest retail expertise from Carrefour. Unlimitail has already converted its first 13 retail partners  representing together more than 120 million loyalty customers.OUTLOOKWhile the macroeconomic context remains uncertain as we enter 2024  the Groupe is confident in its ability to deliver profitable growth that outperforms the market.For the full year 2024  the Groupe aims at delivering a 4% to 5% organic growth. Publicis intends to achieve a solid +4% despite the macroeconomic challenges that currently affect classic advertising and delay business transformation projects. Organic growth could reach +5% assuming an improvement in global conditions in the second half of the year.In Q1 2024  the Groupe expects to deliver organic growth within the full year range.The Groupe expects to maintain financial ratios again in 2024 at historical highs  including:Operating margin at 18% . This includes the Groupe’s Opex investment of 100 million euros in its AI plan.. This includes the Groupe’s Opex investment of 100 million euros in its AI plan. Free cash flow between 1.8 and 1.9 billion euros1 in 2024.CASH ALLOCATIONBased on its free cash flow prospects and on its strong financial structure  the Groupe has set the following cash allocation for 2024:Dividend for a total of close to 900 million euros fully paid in cash   corresponding to a 3.40 euros dividend per share that will be submitted to the vote of its shareholders at its next AGM on May 29  2024. This corresponds to a 49% payout and is a 17% increase compared to prior year.  corresponding to a 3.40 euros dividend per share that will be submitted to the vote of its shareholders at its next AGM on May 29  2024. This corresponds to a 49% payout and is a 17% increase compared to prior year. A share repurchase plan of circa 200 million euros in order to stabilize the number of shares in circulation. The repurchase plan aims to cover the existing Long Term Incentive Plans of the Groupe for a total of circa 2 million shares.in order to stabilize the number of shares in circulation. The repurchase plan aims to cover the existing Long Term Incentive Plans of the Groupe for a total of circa 2 million shares. An envelope for selective M&A between 700 and 800 million euros  to further strengthen the Groupe’s data  tech  commerce and AI capabilities.1 Before change in working capital requirements.GROUPE CSR POLICY IN 2023With a view to the entry into force in 2025 of the European CSRD (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive)  which requires companies to carry out in-depth sustainability work  in 2023 Publicis Groupe launched internal projects to prepare the required double materiality exercise  as well as the expected level of granularity for the 12 themes set out in the ESRS (European Sustainability Reporting Standards). ESG risk mapping has been presented to the Audit Committee and the ESG Committee of the Supervisory Board.CSR was one of the themes discussed with employees at the fourth Viva la Difference internal seminar  which brought together virtually all the Groupe's employees in December 2023 to review the year and look ahead to 2024. This seminar provided an opportunity to detail the Groupe's strategic ambitions in terms of artificial intelligence and its application to the Groupe's various businesses. This was followed by a day of internal round-table discussions with each region  to enable Top Management to respond at greater length to any questions employees might have.E – Environment & the fight against Climate ChangeThe Groupe's climate targets  validated by SBTi (Science Based Targets Initiative)  outline a trajectory to reduce carbon emissions by 50% by 2030 (Near-Term Target - Scopes 1+2+3) and by 90% by 2040 (Long-Term Target - Scopes 1+2+3). The Groupe remains aligned with the Paris Agreement and the 1.5° scenario  and continues to focus all its efforts on drastically reducing carbon emissions. In terms of direct-source renewable energies  the Groupe is making progress towards its target of 100% by 2030  having reached the 2023 milestone at over 50%.Reducing all environmental impacts remains the absolute priority  and various initiatives have been launched to strengthen direct and indirect action levers. In view of the residual unavoidable carbon emissions  and to anticipate the Groupe's future needs to achieve Net Zero by 2040  Publicis Groupe has joined the Climate Fund for Nature (Mirova/Natixis). The fund will support projects dedicated to the protection and restoration of nature with associated benefits for biodiversity and communities. This represents a commitment of €20 million for the delivery of voluntary carbon credits over fifteen years.Following on from the work carried out in 2022 on climate risks  an ad hoc project was carried out in 2023 to analyse the impact on biodiversity  with the support of an external consultancy.S – Social  Diversity  Equity and InclusionThe end of 2023 was marked by the Hamas attacks in Israel  where the Groupe has some 440 employees. The absolute priority was to ensure the safety of the teams and their families  as had been the case in February 2022 during the Russian invasion of Ukraine. These wars disrupt many lives and each time we have to put in place tailor-made measures to help our employees. In Ukraine  the Groupe has continued to pay the salaries of local teams in 2023  as it did in 2022. Donations made by employees and the Groupe to a fund dedicated to employees and their families in Ukraine have helped 32 families since July 2022.By the end of 2023  the international #WorkingWithCancer programme launched by the Chairman of the Directoire to combat the taboo of cancer in the workplace had been signed up by 1 500 companies  representing 40 million employees worldwide.The Groupe's objective of having 45% women in key positions of responsibility within the Groupe by 2025  with a target of 43% by 2023  has been achieved. In the United States  the United Kingdom  France  India and many other countries  efforts have continued to focus on more open and inclusive recruitment  in particular for young people who are far removed from our businesses  with several programmes  such as the MCTP for the 14th year in the United States  or Publicis Track in France. The diversity and inclusion programmes in place in the United States were presented to the ESG Committee.In terms of training  the Marcel Classes platform has stepped up its personalised support for employees with the Growth Dashboard. In October 2023  the organisation of remote working was specified for 2024  requiring everyone to be in the office three days a week  in order to give priority to interpersonal relations in situ and encourage team cooperation.The #WorkYourWorld internal programme  which enables employees to work for six weeks in a country or city of their choice  continues to be very popular in 2023: more than 2 500 employees have taken advantage of it (bringing to more than 4 000 the number of trips made since the programme was launched in January 2022) for an average stay of 29 days.The 19th Global Meeting of the Women's Forum for the Economy and the Society took place over two days in Paris in November 2023  bringing together over 1 500 people in person and more than 12 000 online participants from 122 countries.G – Governance  Business Ethics and Responsible MarketingA.L.I.C.E (Advertising Limiting Impacts & Carbon Emissions)  the Groupe's proprietary tool for assessing the impact of customer campaigns and projects  has been enhanced to refine the calculations for the Groupe's different businesses  and has been certified e-accessible. In 2023  this calculator was used for +250 brands/customers in 30 countries. At the same time  the Groupe is continuing to take part in various sectoral projects  both nationally and internationally  in particular those led by Ad Net Zero  aimed at standardising the methodologies used to calculate the carbon footprint of our businesses  particularly the media.The Groupe's objective remains to advance professional practices and standards in favour of inclusion and the reduction of environmental impacts. The level of maturity of French agencies is an example of mobilisation; Publicis France maintains its leading position with 11 agencies certified as 'RSE Active' by the French interprofessional body in partnership with Afnor.In the United States  the OnceForAllCoalition initiated by Publicis Media includes more than 70 active partners  including more than 30 brands and advertisers  all working to promote innovative media and content aimed at under-represented or minority populations. Advertisers have increased their investment in these audiences by 50% over the year.Business ethics issues are an integral part of the Groupe's businesses and the aim is to train all employees to maintain our high standards in fundamental areas detailed in our Janus Code of Ethics  such as anti-corruption  data protection and information systems security. Lastly  the Groupe was rated 958/1000 by Cybervadis  illustrating continuous improvement linked in particular to effective cooperation between the GDPO (Group Data Protection Office) teams and the GSO (Global Security Office) security teams.In terms of external ESG ratings  Publicis Groupe finished 2023 at the top of its sector with 8/10 of the main rating agencies  and the company is included in several ESG indices such as DSJI Europe and DJSI World.NEW BUSINESSEUROPESanten France (Health)  GlaxoSmithKline (Health & Media)  Comité Colbert (Creative)  Speedy (Data)  Carlsberg (Creative)  Abeille Assurances (Creative)  Visa (Technology & Creative)  DomusVi (Technology)  DocuSign (Creative)  The Football Association Premier League (Creative)  Allwyn (Creative)  Pivovara Daruvar (Creative)  heroal (Creative)  Deutsche Telekom (Creative)  DATEV (Influence)  Samsung (DTC)  PepsiCo (Media)  L’Oréal (Media)  Tesco (Creative)  Asda (Technology)  Renault (Influence)  FoodWell (Media)  Notino (Media)  Casavo (Creative)  La Poste (Media)  Dream Games (Media)  Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (Media)  Meggle (Media)  Île-de-France Mobilités (Creative)  TotalEnergies (Creative)  Bioderma (Creative)  Pernod Ricard (Influence)  Ovo Energy (Creative)  Le manège à bijoux (Creative)  Inserm (Media)  SNCF (Digital)  John Lewis (Creative)  Alfa Romeo (Air France KLM (Influence)  Ikea (Creative & media)  Gruppo Iren (Creative)  Bulgari (Creative)  Gruppo Campari (Influence)  Western Union (Media)  Beko (Influence)  Société Générale (DBT)  Iveco (Media)  Sony Music (Digital)  Legrand (Creative)  Nexity (Creative)  Skoda (Social Media)  Charlotte Tilbury (Media)  Ferrero (Media/Creative/Influence)  Laya Healthcare (Creative)  PublicJobs.ie (Creative)  ADAC (Influence)  Innomotics (Media)  Bosch (Media)  ASOS (Media)  Sodexo (Media  Portu (Media)  Bundesministerium fuer Arbeit und Soziales (DBT)  Belvedere Vodka (Creative)  SAS Bagel Chef (Creative)  Answear.com (Creative)  Miele (Commerce)  Sandoz (Content)  Orange (Creative)  Confused.com (Creative)  Bundesministerium fuer Arbeit und Soziales (DBT)  Grunenthal (Influence)  Tediber (Media)  Zoopla (Media)  Signify Iberia (Media)  Glovo App (Media)  Stiftelsen Norsk Rikstoto (Media)  Henkel (Media)  Bausch Health (Media)  Stiftelsen Norsk Rikstoto (Content)  Norske Boligbyggelags Landsforbund (Content)  Storck (Media)  Hyundai Motor Company (Influence)  Totalizator Sportowy (Media)  Interlacto  (Media)  Hisense Group Company (Influence)  Simba Dickie Group (Media)  Waitrose (Retail Media)  Burger King (Digital)  NDL Pro-Health (Digital)  Akind Group (Media)  OBI (Media)  Salone del Mobile Milano (Media & DBT)NORTH AMERICAKrafton (Influence)  Intuit (Creative)  Shelter Movers (Influence)  Universite de Sherbrooke (Creative)  Steak 'n Shake (Creative & CRM)  Loblaws (Cretaive)  Mattress Firm (Creative)  Jasco Games (Creative)  Wondery (CRM)  McDonalds (CRM)  Milton Hershey School (Influence)  University of Oklahoma (Production)  Progress Residential (Production)  Wyndham Hotels & Resorts (Production)  Robert Walters (Production)  HP (Commerce)  Sun Life of Canada (Commerce)  Rite Aid (Media)  The PUR Company (Media)  MTY Food Group (Influence)  General Mills (Commerce)  Dunkin’ (Creative & Digital)  Walgreens (Media)  KB Home (Creative)  Burger King (Creative)  Sanofi (Influence)  Virgin Mobile (Creative)  Toronto Parking Authority (Creative)  HealthPartners Canada (Influence)  Groupe Atallah (Media)  Kicking Horse Coffee (Creative & Influence)  General Motors Company (Production)  Tillamook County Creamery Association (Creative)  Signet Jewelers (Media & Production)  Blue Diamond Growers (Media)  Turo (Creative & Production)  UPS (Creative)  LVMH (Media)  Shark Beauty (Creative)  New Age Products (Media)  Samsung (Commerce)  TGI Fridays (Media)  National Life Insurance (Media)  Sierra Nevada Brewing Company (Creative)  Coopers Hawk Winery and Restaurants (CRM)  Haribo of America (Creative & Influence)  Air Transat (Influence)  The Cadillac Fairview Corporation (CRM)  Kellogg Company (Content)  The Procter And Gamble Company (Influence)  Duracell (Creative)  Kimberly-Clark (Media)  The Container Store (Data)  Dicks Sporting Goods (CRM)  ConAgra Foods (Creative)  QuadReal Property (Content & Influence)  GlaxoSmithKline (Production)  Edo Japan Restaurants (Influence)  Starbucks (Influence)  Olymel (Creative)  Insurance Brokers Association of Ontario (Influence)  Foresters Life Insurance (Production)  The TJX Companies (Content)  Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (CRM)  Turo (Production)  Edo Japan Restaurants (Influence)  Toronto Metropolitan University (Influence)  Daily Bread Food Bank (Content)  Pricewaterhouse Coopers (Production)  Mary Brown's Chicken (Influence)  Heineken (Commerce)  Nestlé Health Science (Media)  KFC (Creative)  DSW (Media)  Molson Coors (Creative)  Cisco Systems (Media)  Cuisinart (Content)  Perrigo (Creative)  AH Capital Management (Content)  Jazwares (Influence)  Xsolla (Influence)  Bath and Body Works (Creative)  Quest Nutrition (Creative)ASIA PACIFIC/MEAMiele (CRM)  United Homeware Company (Creative)  Krungthai Bank (Creative)  Anker (Media)  Royal Automobile Club (Media)  Charles & Keith (Commerce)  Nick Did This (Media)  Nine Network (Creative)  Essity (Media)  OSHO (DBT)  La Trobe University (DBT)  LVMH (Production)  Cathay Pacific Airways (Commerce)  Pepsico (Production)  Duolingo (Creative)  Aeries Financial Technologies (Media)  Central Provident Fund Board (Production)  AIA Company (Media)  Haleon (Production)  LOréal (Media & Production)  The Standard Bank of South Africa (Creative)  Sanofi (Creative)  Nestlé (Production)  Diageo (Commerce)  Mondelez (Production)  Pizza Hut (Creative)  Cancer Council Victoria (Media)  Emirates NBD (Creative)  Grupo Bimbo (Creative)  Microsoft (Influence)  JioMart (Creative)  AkBank (Media)  Novartis (Creative & Production)  United Breweries (Production)  Charlotte Tilbury Beauty (Creative & Production)  Genesis Motor (Creative)  Torrent Pharmaceuticals (Creative)  More Retail (Media)  GlaxoSmithKline (Creative)  Crocs (Creative)  Shanghai Neobio (Creative)  FWD Group (Media)  Bank of China (Media)  Yili (Creative)  Singhealth (Digital)  P&G (Digital)  Oritain (Creative & Media)  Neom Company (Creative)  Renault (Media)  Bosideng (Production)  HSBC (Creative)  BASF (Creative)  Union Bank of the Philippines (Creative)  Roborock (Production)  Indeed (Influence)  Samsonite (Media)  New Balance (Production)  Keypath Education (Media)  Jio-bp (Digital)  Enamor (Digital)  UniScholars (Creative)  The Procter And Gamble Company (Commerce)  Friesland Campina (Media)  Sony Playstation (Creative)  TPG (Media)  Iveco (Media)  Sace (Media)  PUMA (Creative)  Microtek (Creative)  BikesOnline (Digital)  Reliance Retail (Creative)  Shimao Hotel Group (Influence)  Hong Kong Technology Venture Company (Content)  Honor (Influence)  Hang Lung Properties (Creative)  Amway (Production)  BMW (Media)  Apoidea Web3 (Media)  Dairy Farm International (Media)  First Class Innovation (Creative)  Walt Disney (Content)  Absa Bank (Media)  ALDI (CRM)  Superloop (Media)  Abu Dhabi Investment Office (Media)  Huawei (Creative)  Auckland International Airport (Creative)  Beiersdorf (Production)  Tsingtao (Creative)  Jindal SAW (Influence)  Temple & Webster (Media & Influence)  upGrad (Creative)LATAMLOréal (Media)  Bayer (Media)  Samsung (Media)  Nestlé (Creative)  PicPay (Creative)  Pizza Hut (Commerce)  Polla Chilena (Media)  Telecom Argentina (Media)  Paper Excellence (Media)  Comgás (Media)  Sportingbet (Content)  Mondelez (Media)  Decathlon (Creative)GLOBALAdobe (Media)  Mondelez (Production)  King (Creative)  Ninjacart (Creative)  Alvarium Tiedemann (Creative)  Amplifon (Creative)  Pfizer (Creative  Media  Data  Production)  Miele (Media)  Ancestry (Media)  Essity (Creative)* **DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com)  including an unfavorable economic climate  a highly competitive industry  risks associated with the confidentiality of personal data  the Groupe’s business dependence on its management and employees  risks associated with mergers and acquisitions  risks of IT system failures and cybercrime  the possibility that our clients could seek to terminate their contracts with us on short notice  risks associated with the reorganization of the Groupe  risks of litigation  governmental  legal and arbitration proceedings  risks associated with the Groupe’s financial rating and exposure to liquidity risks.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 101 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter:@PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!ContactsPublicis GroupeAmy Hadfield Corporate Communications + 33 1 44 43 70 75 amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.com Alessandra Girolami Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 77 88 alessandra.girolami@publicisgroupe.com Jean-Michel Bonamy Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 88 jean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.com Lorène Fleury Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 57 24 lorene.fleury@publicisgroupe.com Maxine Miller Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 21 maxine.miller@publicisgroupe.comAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY Impact of currencyat end December 2023(million euro) 2022 net revenue 2 800 3 073 3 237 3 462 12 572 GBP (2) (22) Currency impact (2) 61 (73) (189) (139) (340) USD (2) (196) 2022 net revenue at 2023 exchange rates (a) 2 861 3 000 3 048 3 323 12 232 Others (122) 2023 net revenue before acquisition impact (1) (b) 3 065 3 213 3 209 3 512 12 999 Total (340) Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 14 26 32 28 100 2023 net revenue 3 079 3 239 3 241 3 540 13 099 Organic growth (b/a) +7.1% +7.1% +5.3% +5.7% +6.3%(1) Acquisitions (Practia  Profitero  Corra  Tquila  Yieldify  Tremend  Retargetly  Wiredcraft  Bizon  VivNetworks  Cheat  ARBH  Changi  Perlu  Advertise Bulgaria  Publicis Sapient AI Labs)  net of disposals (Russia  Qorvis  Makers Lab)(2) EUR = USD 1.082 on average in 2023 vs. USD 1.054 average in 2022EUR = GBP 0.870 on average in 2023 vs. GBP 0.853 on average in 2022DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currenciesEBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization): Operating margin before depreciation & amortizationOperating margin: Revenue after personnel costs  other operating expenses (excl. non-current income and expense) and depreciation (excl. amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions)Operating margin rate: Operating margin as a percentage of net revenueHeadline Group Net Income: Net income attributable to the Groupe  after elimination of impairment charges / real estate transformation expenses  amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions  the main capital gains (or losses) on disposals  change in the fair value of financial assets and the revaluation of earn-out costsEPS (Earnings per share): Group net income divided by average number of shares  not dilutedEPS  diluted (Earnings per share  diluted): Group net income divided by average number of shares  dilutedHeadline EPS  diluted (Headline Earnings per share  diluted): Headline group net income  divided by average number of shares  dilutedCapex: Net acquisitions of tangible and intangible assets  excluding financial investments and other financial assetsFree cash flow before changes in working capital requirements: Net cash flow from operating activities less interests paid & received  repayment of lease liabilities & related interests and before changes in WCR linked to operating activitiesFree cash flow: Net cash flow from operating activities less interests paid & received  repayment of lease liabilities & related interestsNet debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives  net of treasury and cash equivalents  excluding lease liability since 1st January 2018Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of monthDividend pay-out: Dividend per share / Headline diluted EPSOrganic Growth vs. 2019: calculated as([1 + organic growth (n-3)] * [1 + organic growth (n-2)] * [1 + organic growth (n-1)] * [1 + organic growth (n)])-1Consolidated income statement(in millions of euros) 2023 2022 Net revenue (1) 13 099 12 572 Pass-through revenue 1 703 1 624 Revenue 14 802 14 196 Personnel costs (8 514) (8 211) Other operating costs (3 443) (3 184) Operating margin before depreciation & amortization 2 845 2 801 Depreciation and amortization expense (excluding acquired intangibles) (482) (535) Operating margin 2 363 2 266 Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions (268) (287) Impairment loss (153) (109) Non-current income and expenses (202) (103) Operating income 1 740 1 767 Financial expense (120) (118) Financial income 198 101 Cost of net financial debt 78 (17) Revaluation of earn-out payments 12 (2) Other financial income and expenses (99) (100) Pre-tax income of consolidated companies 1 731 1 648 Income taxes (415) (431) Net income of consolidated companies 1 316 1 217 Share of profit of associates 6 5 Net income 1 322 1 222 Of which: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 10 - Net income attributable to equity holders of the parent company 1 312 1 222 Per-share data (in euros) – Net income attributable to equity holders of the parent company Number of shares 250 706 485 250 972 110 Earnings per share 5.23 4.87 Number of diluted shares 253 999 363 253 605 167 Diluted earnings per share 5.17 4.82 (1) Net revenue: Revenue less pass-through costs. Those costs are mainly production & media costs and out-of-pocket expenses. As these are items that can be passed on to clients are not included in the scope of analysis of transactions  the net revenue indicator is the most appropriate for measuring the Groupe’s operational performance.Consolidated statement of comprehensive income(in millions of euros) 2023 2022 Net income for the period (a) 1 322 1 222 Comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to income statement Actuarial gains (and losses) on defined benefit plans 12 42 Deferred taxes on comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to income statement (3) (10) Comprehensive income that may be reclassified to income statement Remeasurement of hedging instruments 34 (21) Consolidation translation adjustments (390) 311 Total other comprehensive income (b) (347) 322 Total comprehensive income for the period (a) + (b) 975 1 544 Of which: Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to non-controlling interests 4 - Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to equity holders of the parent company 971 1 544Consolidated balance sheet(in millions of euros) December 31  2023 December 31  2022 Assets Goodwill 12 422 12 546 Intangible assets  net 958 1 247 Right-of-use assets related to leases 1 614 1 753 Property  plant and equipment  net 596 610 Deferred tax assets 212 186 Investments in associates 46 55 Other financial assets 316 394 Non-current assets 16 164 16 791 Inventories and work-in-progress 341 327 Trade receivables 13 400 12 089 Contract assets 1 297 1 149 Other receivables and current assets 1 264 926 Cash and cash equivalents 4 250 4 616 Current assets 20 552 19 107 Total assets 36 716 35 898 Equity and liabilities Share capital 102 102 Additional paid-in capital and retained earnings  Group share 9 686 9 533 Equity attributable to holders of the parent company  Group share 9 788 9 635 Minority interests (40) (35) Total equity 9 748 9 600 Long-term borrowings 2 462 2 989 Long-term lease liabilities 1 992 2 197 Deferred tax liabilities 98 219 Pension commitments and other long-term benefits 265 244 Long-term provisions 319 260 Non-current liabilities 5 136 5 909 Trade payables 17 077 15 660 Contract liabilities 513 549 Short-term borrowings 726 627 Short-term lease liabilities 360 360 Income taxes payable 378 486 Pension commitments and other short-term benefits 21 20 Short-term provisions 255 271 Other creditors and current liabilities 2 502 2 416 Current liabilities 21 832 20 389 Total equity and liabilities 36 716 35 898Consolidated statement of cash flows(in millions of euros) 2023 2022 Cash flow from operating activities Net income 1 322 1 222 Neutralization of non-cash income and expenses: Income taxes 415 431 Cost of net financial debt (78) 17 Capital losses (gains) on disposal of assets (before tax) (1) 103 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 903 931 Share-based compensation 85 64 Other non-cash income and expenses 79 86 Share of profit of associates (6) (5) Dividends received from associates 7 3 Taxes paid (669) (430) Change in working capital requirements (1) (9) (5) Net cash flows generated by (used in) operating activities (I) 2 048 2 417 Cash flow from investing activities Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (180) (198) Disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 2 4 Purchases of investments and other financial assets  net 13 11 Acquisitions of subsidiaries (194) (523) Disposals of subsidiaries 11 (43) Net cash flows generated by (used in) investing activities (II) (348) (749) Cash flow from financing activities Dividends paid to holders of the parent company (726) (603) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (9) (4) Proceeds from borrowings 5 - Repayment of borrowings (502) (10) Repayment of lease liabilities (344) (317) Interest paid on lease liabilities (79) (87) Interest paid (99) (101) Interest received 192 84 Buy-outs of non-controlling interests (4) (3) Net (buybacks)/sales of treasury shares and warrants (189) 41 Net cash flows generated by (used in) financing activities (III) (1 755) (1 000) Impact of exchange rate fluctuations (IV) (311) 300 Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (I + II + III + IV) (366) 968 Cash and cash equivalents on January 1 4 616 3 659 Bank overdrafts on January 1 (1) (12) Net cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year (V) 4 615 3 647 Cash and cash equivalents at closing date 4 250 4 616 Bank overdrafts at closing date (1) (1) Net cash and cash equivalents at end of the year (VI) 4 249 4 615 Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (VI - V) (366) 968 (1) Breakdown of changes in working capital requirementsChange in inventory and work-in-progressChange in trade receivables and other receivablesChange in trade payables  other payables and provisionsChange in working capital requirements (22)(2 303)2 316(9)(46)(710)751(5)Consolidated statement of changes in equityNumber of outstanding shares (in millions of euros) Share capital Additional paid-in capital Reserves and earnings brought forward Translation reserve Fair value reserve Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent company Non-controlling interests Total equity 251 992 065 December 31  2022 102 4 037 5 324 85 87 9 635 (35) 9 600 Net income - - 1 312 - - 1 312 10 1 322 Other comprehensive income  net of tax - - 114 (384) (71) (341) (6) (347) Total comprehensive income for the year - - 1 426 (384) (71) 971 4 975 - Dividends - (701) (25) - - (726) (9) (735) 1 545 833 Share-based compensation  net of tax - - 102 - - 102 - 102 Effect of acquisitions and commitments to buy-out non-controlling interests - - (5) - - (5) - (5) - Equity warrants exercise - - - - - - - - (2 963 405) (Buybacks)/Sales of treasury shares - - (189) - - (189) - (189) 250 574 493 December 31  2023 102 3 336 6 633 (299) 16 9 788 (40) 9 748 249 600 509 December 31  2021 101 4 581 4 056 (226) 76 8 588 (33) 8 555 Net income 1 222 1 222 - 1 222 Other comprehensive income  net of tax 311 11 322 - 322 Total comprehensive income for the year - - 1 222 311 11 1 544 - 1 544 - Dividends (559) (44) (603) (4) (607) 246 225 Share-based compensation  net of tax 66 66 66 Effect of acquisitions and commitments to buy-out non-controlling interests (1) (1) 2 1 603 226 Equity warrants exercise 1 15 16 16 1 542 105 (Buybacks)/Sales of treasury shares 25 25 25 251 992 065 December 31  2022 102 4 037 5 324 85 87 9 635 (35) 9 600Earnings per share (basic and diluted)(in millions of euros  except for share data) 2023 2022 Net income used for the calculation of earnings per share Net income share attributable to equity holders of the parent company A 1 312 1 222 Impact of dilutive instruments: Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments  net of tax - - Group net income – diluted B 1 312 1 222 Number of shares used to calculate earnings per share Number of shares at January 1 254 311 860 253 462 409 Shares created over the year - 393 965 Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the year) (3 605 375) (2 884 264) Average number of shares used for the calculation C 250 706 485 250 972 110 Impact of dilutive instruments: Free shares and dilutive stock options (1) 3 292 878 2 633 057 Number of diluted shares D 253 999 363 253 605 167 (in euros) Earnings per share A/C 5.23 4.87 Diluted earnings per share B/D 5.17 4.82 (1) Only stock options and warrants with a dilutive impact  i.e. whose strike price is lower than the average strike price  are included in the calculation.As of December 31  2023  there were no more stock options to be exercised.Headline earnings per share (basic and diluted)(in millions of euros  except for share data) 2023 2022 Net income used to calculate headline earnings per share (1) Net income – Group share 1 312 1 222 Items excluded: Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  net of tax 199 215 Impairment loss (2)  net of tax 115 80 Main capital gains and losses on disposal of assets and fair value adjustment of financial assets  net of tax 1 92 Revaluation of earn-out payments (12) 2 Settlement Rosetta / Publicis Health LLC 152 - Headline Group net income E 1 767 1 611 Impact of dilutive instruments: Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments  net of tax - - Headline Group net income  diluted F 1 767 1 611 Number of shares used to calculate earnings per share Number of shares at January 1 254 311 860 253 462 409 Shares created over the year - 393 965 Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the year) (3 605 375) (2 884 264) Average number of shares used for the calculation C 250 706 485 250 972 110 Impact of dilutive instruments: Free shares and dilutive stock options 3 292 878 2 633 057 Number of diluted shares D 253 999 363 253 605 167 (in euros) Headline earnings per share (1) E/C 7.05 6.42 Headline earnings per share – diluted (1) F/D 6.96 6.35 (1) Headline EPS after elimination of impairment losses  amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  the main capital gains and losses on disposal and fair value adjustment of financial assets  the revaluation of earn-out payments and the settlement Rosetta/ Publicis Health LLC(2) This amount includes impairment losses on goodwill for euro 6 million and on right-of-use assets related to leases for euro 109 million in 2023. In 2022  impairment losses on goodwill were euro 19 million and euro 61 million on right-of-use assets related to leases.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.59,0.28,0.14,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Results', 'Publicis Groupe', 'February', '01', 'additional 107 million euros cash tax payment', 'real estate consolidation charge', 'main IT consulting firms', 'main capital gains', 'free cash flow', 'working capital requirement', '2 JP Morgan rankings', 'holding company peers', 'second largest player', 'Maurice Lévy', 'Exchange rate variations', '+6.3% net revenue organic growth', 'Cash flow Statement', 'Industry-leading financial ratios', '18.0% operating margin rate', '+5% Operating margin rate', 'high operating margin', '+4 to +5% organic growth', 'challenging macroeconomic context', 'last four years', 'net cash impact', 'full year guidance', 'Full Year 2023 Results', '148 million euros', '110 million euros', '13,099 million euros', '12,572 million euros', '340 million euros', '100 million euros', 'Operating income', 'last 5 years', 'macroeconomic challenges', '15 billion euros', 'Income Statement', 'net impact', 'financial assets', 'negative impact', 'positive impact', 'Net income', 'Net debt', 'record year', 'new business', 'Rosetta settlement', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'changing environment', 'unique model', 'fifth year', 'market capitalization', 'outstanding efforts', 'new heights', 'Supervisory Board', '2023 annual accounts', 'Management Board', 'KEY FIGURES', 'Pass-through revenue', 'WC requirements', 'Balance Sheet', 'Total assets', 'impairment charges', 'fair value', 'average number', 'diluted basis', 'financial KPIs', 'FY 2023 Results', 'The Groupe', 'market share', 'Q4 2023 Revenue', 'transformation journey', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'percentages FY', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Groupe share', 'share data', '6 years', 'February', 'headline', 'EPS', 'dividend', 'FCF', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'pack', 'moment', 'clients', 'partners', 'difference', 'terms', '+4.7% CAGR', 'trust', 'people', 'position', 'uncertainties', 'confidence', 'ambition', 'EBITDA', 'Earnings', 'share2', 'elimination', 'amortization', 'intangibles', 'acquisitions', 'losses', 'disposals', 'revaluation', 'costs', 'shares', 'AGM', 'May', 'January', '2022 rates', 'period', 'H2', 'H1.', '2024', '60']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
35998,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825698/0/en/Ayvens-reports-FY-2023-results.html,Ayvens reports FY 2023 results,Press release   Ayvens1 reports FY 2023 results2   Paris  8 February 2024   FY 2023 RESULTS   Earning assets3 up 14.2% vs. end December 2022 ...,Press releaseAyvens1 reports FY 2023 results2Paris  8 February 2024FY 2023 RESULTSEarning assets3 up 14.2% vs. end December 2022  underpinned by the sharp increase in vehicle valueLeasing contract and Services margins at EUR 2 616.1 million  up 38.0% vs. 2022 and stable on a like-for-like basis4. Consolidation of LeasePlan  impact of reduction in depreciation costs (EUR +514.6 million) and marked to market (MtM) of hedging derivatives (EUR -186 million)Used car sales (UCS) result per unit at EUR 2 4005 in 2023 (vs. EUR 3 269 in 2022). ALD’s UCS result per unit at EUR 1 312 after the impact of reduction in depreciation costs6  in line with guidanceCost to income ratio7 at 63.7% vs. 53.2% in 2022Net income (group share) at EUR 816.2 million  down 32.8% compared to exceptionally high 2022 base. Impact of normalization of used car market  MtM of derivatives  costs to achieve and LeasePlan Purchase Price AllocationReturn on Tangible Equity (ROTE) at 12.4% in 2023 vs. 26.4% in 2022Earnings per share8 at EUR 1.07  vs. EUR 2.68 in 2022Proposed dividend9 of EUR 0.47 per share (payout ratio of 50%10)CET1 ratio at 12.5% as at end December 2023Q4 2023 RESULTSLeasing contract and Services margins at EUR 619.6 million  down 9.5% on a like for-like basis4. Negative impact of MtM of derivatives of LeasePlan (EUR -149.8 million) and pressure on marginsUCS result per unit5 at EUR 1 706  reflecting the normalization of the used car market  the 2023 impact of LeasePlan Purchase price Allocation accounted for in Q4 2023 (EUR -192.8 million) and the industry destocking of terminated vehiclesCost to income ratio11 at 69.1% vs. 58.5% in Q4 2022Net income (group share) at EUR 28.7 million  impacted by MtM of derivatives  pressure on margins  normalization of the used car market  industry destocking of terminated cars and amortization of the positive impact of PPA vs. exceptionally high EUR 284.7 million in Q4 2022LEASEPLAN INTEGRATION WELL ON TRACK2023 key milestones reachedSynergies and Costs to achieve confirmed“2023 was marked by the acquisition of LeasePlan and our teams’ commitment to become one and to lay the foundations for the successful creation of the leading global sustainability mobility player. In our PowerUP 2026 plan  we defined our strategy to shape the future of our industry and achieve excellence around our 4 priorities: clients  operational efficiency  responsibility and profitability. This plan is supported by state-of-the-art technology as well as our new global mobility brand ‘Ayvens’. A few months into the integration  I am grateful for the unwavering commitment of our employees who maintained the highest standards of customer service while efficiently implementing our integration plan  which progresses according to schedule.In the context of normalizing used car markets  higher inflation and volatile interest rates  Ayvens posted mixed financial results for a transition year  compared to an exceedingly high 2022 base  but confirmed its strong capital position. In accordance with our strategic plan  our teams are tackling these challenges head on and have undertaken decisive steps to restore our margins  reduce the volatility of our revenues and protect the value of our assets. I am confident that we can achieve this  thanks to our unique competitive position and proven agility  and that we will be able to see the benefits by the end of this year.”FY 2024 GUIDANCEIn a slow-growth European economy (+0.5% expected in 2024) where inflation converges towards more normal levels (+2.4%) and interest rates begin to decline (ECB refinancing rate expected at 3.25% as at end 2024)  Ayvens expects new car registrations to continue progressing compared to 2023 and the used car market to further normalize. As a result  Ayvens’ guidance for the full-year 2024 is as follows:Earning assets growth between +7% and +9% vs. end December 2023;UCS result per unit between EUR 1 100 and EUR 1 600 on average  excluding the negative impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA;Pre-tax P&L synergies of EUR 120 million (unchanged);Cost/income ratio excluding UCS results  non-recurring items and PPA: 65% to 67%;Costs to achieve (CTA) the integration of EUR 190 million (unchanged);Dividend payout of 50% 12 ;; CET1 ratio of c. 12%LeasePlan integration well on trackThe integration of LeasePlan progressed according to plan in 2023  paving the way for another key year of transformation in 2024. Ayvens confirms the generation of EUR 120 million pre-tax synergies in 2024  EUR 350 million in 2025 and annual run-rate synergies of EUR 440 million in 2026  alongside costs to achieve (CTA) of EUR 190 million in 2024 and EUR 37 million in 2025.Margin and procurement synergies‘Ayvens’  the global mobility brand was launched immediately after the announcement of the PowerUP 26 strategic plan  uniting ALD and LeasePlan together under a single identity and highlighting the new brand promise. The Company has arranged for a single team to face those clients which were previously served by both entities  reflecting its commitment to offer a seamless service and ensuring the highest level of customer satisfaction. Other initiatives  in the field of procurement  insurance  remarketing and IT integration were launched swiftly  allowing to secure EUR 38 million cash synergies at the end of 2023  slightly better than expectations (EUR 30 million). These cash synergies will materialize in the P&L from 2024.In addition to the alignment on pricing components and products  a number of common local and global tenders and negotiations are planned for 2024  e.g. OEM  tyre fitter  roadside assistance and end-of-life inspection.Cost synergies2024 is a key milestone for Ayvens  with the start of the merger of local entities  scheduled for the second quarter of the year  followed by the deployment of the new central and local new organization structure and the local IT integration  expected to stretch into 2025.Actions to restore profitabilityIn a structurally high-growth mobility market underpinned by clients’ shifting from ownership to usership  their requirement for full-service leasing solutions  their need for visibility over their costs and their commitment to reduce their carbon footprint  Ayvens is best positioned to provide value  as a multi-brand player offering the best-in-class product range and service quality. Bolstered by the acquisition of LeasePlan  its expertise and scale allow to lower clients’ total cost of mobility.In the context of high inflation and interest rates which negatively impacted its margins  Ayvens’ strengths in a growing market are key to successfully implement its strategic plan to improve its profitability:Increased pricing discipline thanks to the timely update of pricing parameters  the activation/inclusion of indexation clauses in new contracts (e.g. inflation) along with the repricing of contract extensions and modifications in the context of higher interest rates;Capital allocation according to profitability targets  based on a full portfolio review: countries  client segments  distribution channels and products;Better service penetration and upselling  by expanding value added services to clients: Electric  Light Commercial Vehicles  insurance;Excellence in operational efficiency  by improving asset utilization (flexible fleet  terminated vehicles) and managing better the order book.Used car market trendsAs the leading global industry player  Ayvens supports the transition to more sustainable mobility. Out of 2.7 million funded fleet as at 31 December 2023  11% were Battery Electric Vehicles (BEV)  9% were Plug-in hybrids (PHEV) while the rest was split between Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) and other powertrains13. The combination of stricter European regulations  clients’ interest in environmental matters and rising energy costs confirms that the transition to Electric Vehicles (EV) is structural. Ayvens primarily addresses corporate and SME clients  which are highly committed to reach their ESG targets through long-term leasing contracts (average duration of c. 4 years).BEV benefits from the powerful combination of lower carbon emissions and competitive Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) in the most advanced countries14. However  the increase in new car deliveries and the better affordability are expected to have an impact on used car prices.Meanwhile  the sustained shortage of used ICE and PHEV vehicles  together with drivers’ interest in flexibility until stricter regulations come into force and access to charging infrastructure and technology improve  are factors expected to support a gradual normalization of their used car markets.Against this backdrop  the current BEV used car sales losses are in line with Ayvens’ fleet valuation assumptions. However  the Company has launched a number of actions to proactively manage its asset risk in a changing environment. Regarding the existing portfolio  prudent historical residual values on ICE are expected to allow offset future potential deterioration on EV used car prices.Building an optimized digital platformLeasePlan’s NGDA15 program was launched in 2019 to deliver a harmonized and standardized global digital architecture. The first phase of the program consisted of an initial rollout to three entities with the intention of then rolling out the platform across the rest of the group.Following a strategic review of the program and with consideration for the existing global digital assets across the combined group  a decision has been made to stop new developments across the NGDA perimeter. A significant portion of the technology assets  most notably market facing with customers and suppliers will be retained and redeployed across all Ayvens entities in due course and going forward Ayvens will leverage the existing back-office systems of ALD which are modern and fit for purpose. The extension of Ayvens’ industrialized technology integration layer  already well used across the ALD legacy perimeter  will support the integration process and the accelerated deployment of the global digital platform from 2026 and beyond.This new approach will allow the Company to significantly lower its capex (c. EUR -100 million between 2024 and 2026) and will result in a significant reduction in external IT contractors (c. -600 by end of 2024 vs May 2023). As a result of this digital strategy  Ayvens remains fully committed to deliver the optimum customer experience supported by best-in-class digital platforms leveraging the best talents and most powerful technology in the industry.Q4 AND FY 2023 FINANCIAL RESULTSAsset growth driven by sharp increase in vehicle valueCommercial activity remained strong  with earning assets up by 14.2% year-on-year16 to EUR 52.0 billion as at 31 December 2023. Growth was primarily driven by inflation on car prices and the transition to EV  which have a higher value than ICE cars.Continuing the positive trends of the previous quarters  Ayvens’ total fleet stood at 3 420 thousand as at end December 2023  up by 3.0%16 compared to end December 2022  reflecting the dynamic demand for mobility services.Full-service leasing contracts reached 2 709 thousand vehicles as at end December 2023  up 3.2%17 year-on-year  in line with the guidance of +2% to +4% funded fleet growth. Thanks to increased registrations of new cars  the order book continued its normalization from the peak observed at the end of 2022.Fleet management contracts increased by +2.1%17 vs. December 2022  to reach 710 thousand vehicles.EV penetration reached 35%17 of new passenger car registrations over 2023 (vs. European market at 23%18 in 2023)  of which 38% in Q4 2023 alone. Ayvens’ BEV and PHEV penetration stood at 21% and 13% respectively in 2023.Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) impactsThe allocation of LeasePlan’s purchase price to acquired assets and assumed liabilities as at the date of acquisition closing (22 May 2023) led Ayvens to revise upwards the value of LeasePlan’s net assets19 by c. EUR 230 million  as a result of the assessment of LeasePlan’s assets and liabilities at fair value20:Lease assets c. EUR +380 million;Customer relationship c. EUR +150 million 21 ;; Software c. EUR -200 million;Other assets and liabilities c. EUR -100 million.LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation had a EUR -57.2 million impact on Ayvens’ 2023 income statement  primarily due to higher rental fleet depreciation as a result of the lease assets’ upwards valuation  whose impact is partially offset by lower software amortization and the recognition of LeasePlan’s actual Used Car Sales results. Beyond 2023  Ayvens expect a limited impact on the income statement  if actual sales prices are in line with its PPA assumptions.Subject to any final Purchase Price Allocation and/or acquisition price adjustment within one year from closing22  the goodwill recognized on the acquisition was reduced by c. EUR 220 million23 to c. EUR 1 390 million. This had a positive impact on the CET1 capital of c. EUR 220 million  in line with previous indications.Reported performance (post PPA  including LeasePlan from 22 May 2023)FY 2023 FY 2022 Q4 202324 Q4 2022 In EUR millionTotal contracts ('000) 3 420 1 806 3 420 1 806 Full service leasing contracts 2 709 1 464 2 709 1 464 Fleet management contracts 710 342 710 342 In EUR million Leasing contract margin 1 261.9 1 181.2 167.3 428.1 Services margin 1 354.2 715.1 452.3 197.3 Leasing contract & Services margins 2 616.1 1 896.2 619.6 625.5 Used car sales result 349.5 747.6 (9.8) 123.9 Gross Operating Income 2 965.6 2 643.9 609.9 749.4 Total operating expenses (1 591.6) (882.7) (510.8) (259.6) Cost / Income ratio excl. UCS 60.8% 46.5% 82.4% 41.5% Cost of risk (70.7) (46.1) (24.4) (13.8) Non-recurring income (expenses) (14.1) (50.6) (18.7) (50.6) Operating result 1 289.3 1 664.5 56.0 425.4 Share of profit of associates and jointly controlled entities 6.4 1.7 1.6 0.3 Profit before tax 1 295.7 1 666.1 57.6 425.7 Income tax expense (374.0) (446.0) (18.3) (138.8) Result from discontinued operations (77.6) 0.0 (0.2) 0.0 Non-controlling interests (27.9) (4.7) (10.4) (2.1) Net Income group share 816.2 1 215.5 28.7 1.7The following comments apply to actual (reported) figures  where:LeasePlan is consolidated from 22 May 2023  ALD Russia is deconsolidated from 20 April 2023  while ALD’s subsidiaries in Portugal  Ireland  Norway (except NF Fleet) and LeasePlan’s subsidiaries in Czech Republic  Finland and Luxembourg are deconsolidated from 1 August 2023;LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation is applied from acquisition date  i.e. 22 May 2023. The 2023 impact is fully accounted for in Q4 2023.In a normalizing used car market and after the amortization of PPA  Ayvens recorded a modest Q4 2023 financial performance against a high Q4 2022 base  which was driven by exceptionally high used car prices.Leasing contract margins and Services marginsTaken together  Leasing contract and Services margins (Total margins) reached EUR 2 616.1 million in 2023  an increase of 38.0% compared to 2022. Out of this amount  the contribution of LeasePlan since the acquisition closing was EUR 893.8 million25.Leasing contract margin was boosted by the reduction in depreciation costs26 at ALD (EUR +514.6 million vs. EUR +350.3 million in 2022). As a result of continued high estimated used car prices  depreciation has been adjusted or stopped for those vehicles whose sales proceeds are forecast to be in excess of their net book value. The reduction in depreciation costs equals the difference between the contractual amortization costs and the revised amortization cost. It anticipates in the Leasing contract margin part of Used car sales results which would otherwise be recorded later.Leasing contract margin was negatively impacted by the marked to market (MtM) of derivatives for EUR - 186.0 million in 2023  due to the decrease in interest rates and the pull to par of the derivatives book. The stock of MtM of derivatives was EUR +78 million as at 31 December 2023.Ayvens holds a book of derivatives  initially from LeasePlan  whose purpose is to hedge the interest and foreign exchange rates exposure  when the profile of funding cannot be matched with that of the lease contract portfolio. While the Company is economically hedged  there can be accounting mismatches as operating leases do not qualify for hedge accounting under IFRS rules and hence associated derivatives (receiver of floating rates) are fair valued through income statement. MtM of derivatives results from interest rate movements (e.g. as net receiver of floating rate  positive MtM when interest rates rise) and reverses towards the derivative’s maturity (pull to par). In Q4 2023  the Company de-designated the micro-fair value hedging (MFVH) relation of the swaps (payer or floating rates) associated with bond issues. As a result  Ayvens improved the compensation of fair values in its derivatives portfolio. Consequently  the sensitivity of the derivatives portfolio27 to a +10 / -10 bps parallel shift (without impact of convergence to par) decreased to EUR +10m/EUR -10m in the income statement.Other non-operating items impacting Leasing contract margin totalled EUR +77.8 million (vs. EUR +128.4 million in 2022):Fleet revaluation of EUR +38.6 million vs. EUR +72.2 million in 2022;Hyperinflation in Turkey EUR +39.2 million vs. EUR +59.9 million in 2022. The hyperinflation regime in Turkey is likely to create revenues volatility over the coming months;There was no adjustment to the provision in Ukraine in 2023 (vs. a EUR -3.6 million provision in 2022).Ayvens’ Q4 202328 total margins came in at EUR 619.6 million  stable vs. Q4 2022 despite the contribution of LeasePlan (EUR 351.2 million29)  due to: i) lower reduction in depreciation costs (EUR +88.9m vs EUR +220.3m in Q4 2022)  ii) the negative impact of MtM derivatives for EUR -137.4 million  iii) pressure on margins and iv) hyperinflation in Turkey of EUR -26.5 million vs. EUR +3.4 million in Q4 2022  reflecting the deviation between used cars prices and the general prices index in a hyperinflated country.Used car sales (UCS) resultsAyvens’ 2023 UCS result reached EUR 349.5 million  lower than last year’s exceptionally high level of EUR 747.6 million  as a result of:The normalization of the used car market;The negative impact of reduction in depreciation costs in previous quarters: EUR -536.1 million  (of which EUR -312.2 million for ALD and EUR -223.9 million for LeasePlan 30 ) vs. EUR -110.9 million in 2022);) vs. EUR -110.9 million in 2022); Industry destocking of terminated vehicles to improve operating efficiency and;The impact of LeasePlan PPA (EUR -192.8 million since 22 May 2023).Ayvens’ UCS result per unit31 excluding the negative impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA came in at EUR 2 400 per unit in 2023 on total volumes of 449 thousand cars sold  vs. EUR 3 269 per unit on 263 thousand cars sold in 2022.ALD’s UCS result per unit32 including the negative impact of reduction in depreciation costs in previous quarters was EUR 1 312 per unit in 2023 (in line with the guidance of EUR 1 200-1 600 guidance provided earlier) vs. EUR 2 846 per unit in 2022. Had ALD not recorded any reduction in depreciation costs to reflect exceptionally high used car prices in previous quarters  UCS result per unit would have stood at EUR 2 344 in 2023 (compared to EUR 3 269 in 2022).As at 31 December 2023  Ayvens’ stock of reduction in depreciation costs yet to be reversed over the coming years was EUR 622.0 million (of which EUR 331.3 million to be reversed in 2024) hence having a negative impact on future UCS profits. Out of this amount  ALD’s stock of reduction in depreciation costs yet to be reversed over the coming years was EUR 441.8 million a at 31 December 2023  of which EUR 235.1 million to be reversed in 2024.Consequently  Ayvens’ Gross Operating Income (GOI) reached EUR 2 965.6 million in 2023  up 12.2% vs. 2022. The impact of reduction in depreciation costs  net of the negative impact on UCS results was EUR +202.4 million on GOI over the full year (vs. EUR +239.4 million in 2022).Ayvens’ UCS results came in at EUR -9.8 million in Q4 2023 (vs. EUR +123.9 million in Q4 2022)  impacted by: i) the normalization of the used car market  ii) the negative impact from reduction costs in previous quarters (EUR -86.3 million in ALD and EUR -223.9 million in LeasePlan’s balance sheet at the closing of the transaction)  iii) the industry destocking of terminated vehicles and iv) the amortization of LeasePlan’s positive PPA (EUR - 192.8 million PPA impact since 22 May 2023  fully allocated to Q4 2023). Excluding the impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA  Ayvens’ UCS result per unit  stood at EUR 1 706 in Q4 2023  compared to EUR 3 054 in Q4 2022. ALD’s UCS result per unit excluding the impact of reduction in depreciation costs amounted to EUR 1 453 in Q4 2023.Operating expensesOperating expenses amounted to EUR 1 591.6 million in 2023  up from EUR 882.7 million in the same period last year  mainly driven by LeasePlan’s contribution from 22 May 2023 onwards for EUR 651.1 million  costs to achieve of EUR 170.0 million (vs. EUR 128.0 million in 2022) as well as the cost of being regulated.In Q4 2023  Ayvens’ operating expenses amounted to EUR 510.8 million  up from EUR 259.6 million in the same period last year  mainly due to the consolidation of LeasePlan (EUR 285.7 million). CTA accounted for EUR 45.0 million in the quarter (vs. EUR 44.3 million in Q4 2022).As a result  the Cost/Income ratio (excl. UCS result) stood at 60.8% in 2023 vs. 46.5% in 2022 (82.4% in Q4 2023  vs. 41.5% in Q4 2022).Cost of riskImpairment charges on receivables came in at EUR 70.7 million in 2023  compared to EUR 46.1 million in 2022. The cost of risk33 remained low at 18 bps (19 bps in Q4 2023) compared to 20 bps in 2022.Net incomeNon-recurring result came in at EUR -14.1 million in 2023  driven by a goodwill impairment on Fleetpool  the subscription subsidiary in Germany  for EUR 23.7 million. Last year’s non-recurring result was related to the impairment of ALD Russia and ALD Belarus for EUR -50.6 million.Income tax expense decreased to EUR 374.0 million  down from EUR 446.0 million in 2022. The effective tax rate increased to 28.9% from 26.8% in 2022  due to non-deductible non-recurring expenses and the taxation of intra-group operations.Result from discontinued operations amounted to EUR -77.6 million  mainly driven by the loss from the disposal of ALD Russia on 20 April 2023  which was only partially offset by the gain on the sale of ALD’s entities in Portugal  Ireland and Norway on 1 August 2023.Non-controlling interests were EUR -27.9 million compared to EUR -4.7 million in 2022. The increase is due to the consolidation of LeasePlan  whose AT1 coupon payments to third parties are accounted for as non-controlling interests.Ayvens’ net income group share reached EUR 816.2 million in 2023  down by 32.8 % from the exceptionally high base of EUR 1 215.5 million in 2022. It was EUR 28.7 million in Q4 2023  down by 89.9% compared to EUR 284.7 million in Q4 2022  mainly on the back of the normalization of the used car market  lower reduction in depreciation costs  the negative marked-to-market on derivatives and the 2023 impact of PPA which was fully allocated to Q4 2023.Diluted Earnings per share34 was EUR 1.07 vs. EUR 2.68 in 2022.The Return on Average Earning Assets35 decreased to 2.0% in 2023 from the exceptionally high level of 5.1% in 2022 which was lifted by exceedingly favourable used car prices.The Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE) came in at 12.4% in 2023  down from 26.4% in 2022. ROTE was 0.6% in Q4 2023 vs. 23.5% in Q4 2022.Like-for-like performanceFor illustration purposes  management information is provided in appendix to assess the like-for-like performance of Ayvens:Q4 and FY 2023 with LeasePlan included over the full period (whereas LeasePlan was consolidated from 22 May 2023 only);Q4 and FY 2022 with LeasePlan included over the full period (whereas LeasePlan was consolidated from 22 May 2023 only and hence not consolidated in the reported Q4 and FY 2022 figures);Q4 2022  FY 2022  Q4 2023 and FY 2023 without ALD’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus  Portugal  Ireland  Norway (except NF Fleet)  LeasePlan’s subsidiaries in Czech Republic  Finland and Luxembourg (whereas they were actually deconsolidated on 20 April 2023 and 1 August 2023 respectively);LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) impacts included from acquisition closing date  ie 22 May 2023.These illustrative 2022 and 2023 income statements should not be considered as representative of the results which the combined Group would have achieved  nor of future results. Actual results may differ significantly from those reflected in these illustrative income statements for several reasons  including  but not limited to  differences in actual conditions compared to the assumptions used to prepare these illustrative income statements.Total margins (Leasing contract margin and services margin) excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact would have been EUR 2 803.5 million in 2023  stable vs. 2022 (EUR 2 823.0 million) on a like-for-like basis.Pressure on margins36 expressed as a % of average earning assets was observed in 2023  due to high inflation and interest rates  which could not be fully transferred to customers and contract extensions in a context of delayed car deliveries. This pressure is expected to reverse from the second half of 2024  due to the length of the order book  as Ayvens implements the aforementioned plan to improve its margins.Used car sales profit excluding the impact of the reduction in depreciation costs and PPA impact would have decreased by 11.4% from 2022  at EUR 1 343.2 million  on the back of the normalization of the used car market at a still high level and exceptional accelerated sale of terminated vehicles at the end of 2023.Gross operating income excluding non-recuring items and PPA impact would have been down by 4.4% vs 2022  at EUR 4 146.7 million.Operating expenses excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact would have amounted to EUR 1 791.8 million in 2023  an increase of 10.5% vs. 2022. The Cost/Income ratio  excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact would have reached 63.9% vs. 57.4% in 2022  mainly due to costs of being regulated and almost stable margin revenues.In Q4 2023  total margins excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact would have been EUR 658.7 million  down 9.5% compared to Q4 2022 on a like-for-like basis. Used car sales result before the impacts of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA would have been up by 32.6% vs. Q4 2022  due to the allocation to the Q4 2023 income statement  of LeasePlan’s used car sales results since the acquisition closing  while Gross operating income excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact would have been EUR 1 151.9 million  up by 4.7% compared to Q4 2022. Operating expenses excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact would have been stable (+1.7%) at EUR 454.8 million vs. Q4 2022  while the Cost/Income ratio excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact would have reached 69.1%  up 7.7 percentage points vs. 2022.Shareholder distributionThe Board of Directors has decided to propose to the General Meeting of Shareholders to distribute a dividend of EUR 0.47 per share in respect of the 2023 financial year  compared to EUR 1.06 the previous year. This amount corresponds to Ayvens’ PowerUP 2026 objective of paying 50% of net income group share37 to its shareholders. Conditional on this approval  the dividend will be detached on 31 May 2024 and paid on 4 June 2024.BALANCE SHEET AND REGULATORY CAPITALFinancial structureGroup shareholders’ equity38 totalled EUR 10.1 billion as at 31 December 2023 (vs. EUR 6.9 billion as at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 12.33 and net tangible asset value per share was EUR 9.03 as at 31 December 2023.Total balance sheet increased from EUR 31.3 billion as at 31 December 2022 to EUR 70.3 billion as at 31 December 2023  on the back of the integration of LeasePlan and the increase in earning assets  underpinned by the continued growth of EVs which have a higher value.Earning assets continued to grow strongly  reaching EUR 52.0 billion as at 31 December 2023  vs. EUR 23.9 billion a year ago.Financial debt39 stood at EUR 37.6 billion at the end of December 2023 (vs. EUR 19.9 billion at the end of December 202240)  while deposits reached EUR 11.8 billion. 33% of the financial debt consisted of loans from Societe Generale as at end 2023.As part of its active liquidity management strategy  Ayvens continued to diversify its funding by issuing a EUR 500 million senior preferred bond in November 2023. The funding raised during Q4 2023 brings bonds issued over the full year to total EUR 4.35 billion and confirms the market’s strong appetite for Ayvens debt instruments. Ayvens has a EUR 4 billion to EUR 5 billion funding program planned for 2024. This program is well advanced: including the pre-funding in 2023  c. 40% of the program are already achieved.The combined entity has access to ample short-term liquidity  with cash holdings at Central bank reaching EUR 3.5 billion and an undrawn committed Revolving Credit Facility of EUR 1.375 billion in place.The Company has strong long-term credit ratings from Moody’s (A1)  S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings (A-)  which were upgraded to the single A category upon the acquisition of LeasePlan.Regulatory capitalAyvens’ risk-weighted assets (RWA) totalled EUR 57.4 billion as at 31 December 2023 under CRR2/CRD5 rules  with credit risk-weighted assets accounting for 85% of the total. The 2.5% increase compared to 30 September 2023 is mainly explained by organic growth (earning assets growth and reduction in order book: EUR +1 billion) and the annual update of operational risk related RWA (+EUR 0.6 billion).Ayvens had a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 12.5% and Total Capital ratio of 16.4% as at 31 December 2023 (compared to 12.3% and 16.3% respectively as at 30 September 2023).CONFERENCE CALL FOR INVESTORS AND ANALYSTSDate: 8 February  at 10.00 am Paris time – 9.00 am London time8 February  at 10.00 am Paris time – 9.00 am London time Speakers: Tim Albertsen  CEO / John Saffrett  Deputy CEO / Patrick Sommelet  Deputy CEO and CFOCONNECTION DETAILSWebcast: Click https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/5qusow9iClick https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/5qusow9i Conference call: FR: +33 1 70 91 87 04 UK: +44 121 281 8004 US: +1 718 705 8796 Access code: 457698AGENDA3 May 2024: Q1 2024 resultsQ1 2024 results 14 May 2024: General assembly of shareholdersGeneral assembly of shareholders 31 May 2024: Dividend detachmentDividend detachment 4 June 2024: Dividend paymentDividend payment 1 August 2024: Q2 and H1 2024 resultsAbout Ayvens Ayvens is the leading global sustainable mobility player committed to making life flow better. We’ve been improving mobility for decades  providing full-service leasing  flexible subscription services  fleet management and multi-mobility solutions to large international corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals. With 15 700 employees across 43 countries  3.4 millionvehicles and the world’s largest multi-brand EV fleet we’re leveraging our unique position to lead the way to net zero and spearhead the digital transformation of the mobility sector. The company is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: ALD). Societe Generale Group is Ayvens majority shareholder.Find out more at ayvens.comPress Contacts Stephanie JonvilleChief Communications OfficerTel: +33 (0)6 46 14 81 90stephanie.jonville@ayvens.comThe information contained in this document (the “Information”) has been prepared by ALD (the “Company”) solely for informational purposes. The Information is proprietary to the Company. This presentation and its content may not be reproduced or distributed or published  directly or indirectly  in whole or in part  to any other person for any purpose without the prior written permission of the Company.“Ayvens” refers to the Company and its consolidated entities.The Information is not an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument or to participate in any trading strategy  and does not constitute a recommendation of  or advice regarding investment in  any security or an offer to provide  or solicitation with respect to  any securities-related services of the Company. This presentation is information given in a summary form and does not purport to be complete. It is not intended to be relied upon as advice to investors or potential investors and does not take into account the investment objectives  financial situation or needs of any particular investor. Investors should consult the relevant offering documentation  with or without professional advice when deciding whether an investment is appropriate.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Company. These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union. These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Company may be unable to:anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although the Company believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in the Company’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of the Company’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  opinion  projection  forecast or estimate set forth herein. More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect the Company’s financial results can be found in the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Company when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. To the maximum extent permitted by law  none of the Company or any of its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees shall bear any liability (in negligence or otherwise) for any direct or indirect loss or damage which may be suffered by any recipient through use or reliance on anything contained in or omitted from this document and the related presentation or any other information or material arising from any use of these presentation materials or their contents or otherwise arising in connection with these materials.The estimated unaudited consolidated financial information presented for the year ending 31 December 2023 was reviewed by the Board of Directors on 7 February 2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at this date. The audit procedures carried out by the Statutory Auditors on the consolidated financial statements are in progress. The Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023 are expected to be closed by the Board of Directors by end March 2024.By receiving this document and/or attending the presentation  you will be deemed to have represented  warranted and undertaken to have read and understood the above notice and to comply with its contents.AppendixCONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTin EUR million Q4 2023 Q4 202241 Q Var. FY 2023 FY 2022 FY Var. Leasing contract revenues 2 599.8 1 231.8 111.1% 8 033.7 4 803.9 67.2% Leasing Contract Costs - Depreciation (1 933.1) (725.8) 166.3% (5 685.7) (3 433.1) 65.6% Leasing Contract Costs - Financing (437.3) (84.1) 419.8% (1 044.7) (244.1) 327.9% Unrealised Gains/Losses on Financial xxInstruments (62.1) 6.3 na (41.4) 54.5 na Leasing Contract Margin 167.3 428.1 -60.9% 1 261.9 1 181.2 6.8% Services Revenues 1 376.4 744.5 84.9% 4 391.2 2 657.4 65.2% Cost of Services Revenues (924.1) (547.2) 68.9% (3 037.0) (1 942.3) 56.4% Services Margin 452.3 197.3 129.2% 1 354.2 715.1 89.4% Leasing Contract and Services Margins 619.6 625.5 -0.9% 2 616.1 1 896.2 38.0% Proceeds of Cars Sold 2 104.3 963.8 118.3% 6 458.8 3 953.6 63.4% Cost of Cars Sold (2 114.1) (839.9) 151.7% (6 109.3) (3 205.9) 90.6% Used Car Sales result (9.8) 123.9 -107.9% 349.5 747.6 -53.2% Gross Operating Income 609.9 749.4 -18.6% 2 965.6 2 643.9 12.2% Staff Expenses (301.8) (147.4) 104.7% (936.1) (517.8) 80.8% General and Administrative Expenses (165.5) (92.2) 79.6% (519.5) (298.1) 74.2% Depreciation and Amortisation (43.5) (20.0) 117.5% (136.0) (66.7) 103.8% Total Operating Expenses (510.8) (259.6) 96.8% (1 591.6) (882.7) 80.3% Cost/Income ratio (excl UCS) 82.4% 41.5% 98.6% 60.8% 46.5% 30.7% Impairment Charges on Receivables (24.4) (13.8) 76.9% (70.7) (46.1) 53.1% Other income 7.2 0.0 11.8 0.0 Non-Recurring Income (Expenses) (25.9) 0.0 (25.8) (0.0) Operating Result 56.0 425.4 -86.8% 1 289.3 1 664.5 -22.5% Share of Profit of Associates and Jointly xxControlled Entities 1.6 0.3 471.5% 6.4 1.7 283.7% Profit Before Tax 57.6 425.7 -86.5% 1 295.7 1 666.1 -22.2% Income Tax Expense (18.3) (138.8) -86.8% (374.0) (446.0) -16.1% Result from discontinued operations (0.2) 0.0 (77.6) 0.0 Profit for the Period 39.1 286.9 -86.4% 844.1 1 220.2 -30.8% Net income 39.1 286.9 -86.4% 844.1 1 220.2 -30.8% Non-controlling interests 10.4 2.1 387.1% 27.9 4.7 494.9% Net income group share 28.7 284.7 -89.9% 816.2 1 215.5 -32.8%DETAILS OF OPERATING INCOME COMPONENTS IN REPORTED P&LQ4 2022(1) Q4 2023 FY 2022(1) FY 2023 In EUR million ALD Ayvens ALD Ayvens Leasing contract margin o/w Reduction in depreciation costs 220.3 88.9 350.3 514.6 o/w Non operating items 37.3 (145.7) 126.6 (108.3) Fleet revaluation 12.5 18.2 72.2 38.6 Hyperinflation in Turkey 3.4 (26.5) 59.9 39.2 Provision in Ukraine 21.4 0.0 (3.6) (0) MtM of derivatives (0.0) (137.4) (1.8) (186.0) o/w PPA 0 17.7 0 17.7 o/w Tier 2 cost (27.8) - (65.6) Operating expenses o/w Cost to achieve (44.3) (45.0) (128.0) (170.0) o/w Transaction and rebranding costs 0.0 (21.4) 0.0 (36.2)Restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 2023BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023In EUR million 31 December 2023 31 December 2022(1) Earning assets 52 025 23 943 o/w Rental fleet 49 765 23 227 o/w Financial lease receivables 2 260 716 Cash & Cash deposits with the ECB 3 997 253 Intangibles (incl. goodwill) 2 695 745 Operating lease and other receivables 8 796 3 514 Other 2 748 1 762 Assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale 0 1 085 Total assets 70 261 31 302 Group shareholders' equity 10 826 6 876 o/w Group shareholders’ equity excl. AT1 10 076 6 876 Tangible shareholders’ equity 7 362 6 146 o/w AT1(2) 750 0 Non-controlling interests 526 37 o/w non controlling interests excl. AT1 28 37 o/w non controlling interests - AT1(3) 498 0 Total equity 11 352 6 912 Deposits 11 785 0 Financial debt 37 627 19 874 Trade and other payables 6 035 2 929 Other liabilities 3 463 1 360 Liabilities of disposal group classified as held-for-sale 0 227 Total liabilities and equity 70 261 31 302 Restated for initial application of IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” to insurance subsidiaries from 1 January 2023 AT1 issued by ALD and subscribed by parent Societe Generale AT1 issued by LeasePlan and subscribed by external partiesEARNINGS PER SARE (EPS) AND DIVIDEND PER SHARE (DPS)Basic EPS FY 2023 FY 2022 Existing shares 816 960 428 565 745 096 Shares allocated to cover stock options and shares awarded to staff -1 114 336 -1 045 448 Treasury shares in liquidity contracts -154 551 -128 454 End of period number of shares 815 691 541 564 571 194 Weighted average number of shares used for EPS calculation(1) (A) 711 058 063 451 995 288 in EUR million Net income group share 816.2 1 215.5(2) Deduction of interest on AT1 capital -45.0 0.0 Net Income group share after deduction of interest on AT1 capital (B) 771.2 1 215.5 . Basic EPS (in EUR) (B/A) 1.08 2.69 DPS (in EUR) 0.47 1.06 Diluted EPS FY 2023 FY 2022 Existing shares 816 960 428 565 745 096 Shares issued for no consideration(3) 18 216 718 0 End of period number of shares 835 177 146 565 745 096 Weighted average number of shares used for EPS calculation(1) (A’) 722 913 792 453 169 190 Diluted EPS (in EUR) (B/A’) 1.07 2.68 Average number of shares weighted by time apportionment Restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 2023 Assuming exercise of warrants  as per IAS 33Return on tangible equity (ROTE)in EUR million Q4 2023 Q4 2022 FY 2023 FY 2022 Group shareholders' equity 10 826.1 6 875.5 10 826.1 6 875.5 AT1 capital (750.0) 0.0 (750.0) 0.0 Dividend provision and interest on AT1 capital(1) (422.8) (598.8) (422.8) (598.8) OCI excluding conversion reserves 24.3 (35.5) 24.3 (35.5) Equity base for ROE calculation end of period 9 677.6 6 241.2 9 677.6 6 241.2 Goodwill 1 990.9 618.6 1 990.9 618.6 Intangible assets 703.9 126.6 703.9 126.6 Average equity base for ROE calculation 9 680.6 5 596.4 7 959.4 5 311.3 Average Goodwill (2 191.7) (624.8) (1 304.7) (597.3) Average Intangible assets (651.2) (116.7) (415.3) (107.7) Average tangible equity for ROTE calculation 6 837.7 4 854.9 6 239.4 4 606.3 Group net income after non-controlling interests 28.7 284.7 816.2 1 215.5 Interest on AT1 capital (18.5) 0.0 (45.0) 0.0 Adjusted Group net income 10.2 284.7 771.2 1 215.5 ROTE 0.6% 23.5% 12.4% 26.4% The dividend provision assumes a payout ratio of 50% of net Income group share  after deduction of interest on AT1 capitalCRR2/CRD5 prudential capital ratios and Risk Weighted Assetsin EUR million 31 December 2023 30 September 2023 30 June 2023 Group shareholder’s equity 10 826 10 841 10 585 AT1 capital -750 (750) (750) Dividend provision & interest on AT1 capital(1) (423) (399) (280) Goodwill and intangible (2 695) (2 991) (2 925) Deductions and regulatory adjustments 183 196 153 Common Equity Tier 1 capital 7 141 6 897 6 783 AT1 capital 750 750 750 Tier 1 capital 7 891 7 648 7 533 Tier 2 capital 1 500 1 500 1 500 Total capital (Tier 1 + Tier 2) 9 391 9 148 9 033 Risk-Weighted Assets 57 377 56 002 54 293 Credit Risk Weighted Assets 49 034 48 097 46 039 Market Risk Weighted Assets 1 993 2 362 2 558 Operational Risk Weighted Assets 6 350 5 543 5 696 Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 12.5% 12.3% 12.5% Tier 1 ratio 13.8% 13.7% 13.9% Total Capital ratio 16.4% 16.3% 16.6% The dividend provision assumes a payout ratio of 50% of Net Income group share  after deduction of interest on AT1 capitalTangible book value per sharein EUR million 31 December 2023 30 September 2023 30 June 2023 Group shareholders' equity 10 826 10 841 10 585 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (750) (750) (750) Interest of deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (1) (37) (19) (0) Book value of treasury shares 18 18 18 Net Asset Value (NAV) 10 057 10 091 9 853 Goodwill (1990.9) (2 392) (2 363) Intangible assets (703.9) (598) (562) Net Tangible Asset Value (NTAV) 7 362 7 100 6 928 Number of shares (1) 815 691 541 815 699 794 815 705 590 NAV per share 12.33 12.37 12.08 NTAV per share 9.03 8.70 8.49 The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybackLIKE-FOR-LIKE PERFORMANCELIKE-FOR-LIKE MARGINSFY 2022 FY 2023 Variation Variation % In EUR million ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens Leasing contract and services margins 1 817.7 2 230.4 4 048.0 1 902.3 1 500.5 3 403.1 84.9 -729.9 -645.0 4.7% -32.7% -15.9% Reduction in depreciation costs 350.3 435.0 785.3 514.6 177.9 692.5 164.3 -257.1 -270.7 Fleet revaluation 72.2 0.0 72.2 38.6 0.0 38.6 -33.6 0.0 -33.6 Hyperinflation in Turkey 59.9 66.0 125.9 24.1 35.0 59.1 -35.7 -31.0 -66.7 Ukraine provision -3.6 0.0 -3.6 0.0 0.0 0.0 3.6 0.0 3.6 MtM of derivatives -1.8 247.0 245.2 15.8 -224.2 -208.4 17.6 -471.2 -453.6 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 17.7 17.7 0.0 17.7 17.7 Underlying leasing contract and services margins (excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact) 1 340.7 1 482.4 2 823.0 1 309.5 1 494.0 2 803.5 -31.3 11.6 -19.6 -2.3% 0.8% -0.7%Q4 2022 Q4 2023 Variation Variation % In EUR million ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens Leasing contract and services margins 605.1 624.8 1 229.9 388.2 231.4 619.6 -217.0 -393.4 -610.3 -35.9% -63.0% -49.6% Reduction in depreciation costs 220.3 242.2 462.5 88.9 0.0 88.9 164.3 -435.0 -270.7 Fleet revaluation 12.5 0.0 12.5 18.2 0.0 18.2 -33.5 0.0 -33.5 Hyperinflation in Turkey 3.4 16.0 19.4 -27.5 1.0 -26.5 -35.7 -31.0 -66.7 Ukraine provision 21.4 0.0 21.4 0.0 0.0 0.0 3.6 0.0 3.6 MtM of derivatives 0.0 -13.8 -13.8 12.4 -149.8 -137.4 17.6 -471.2 -453.6 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 17.7 17.7 0.0 17.7 17.7 Underlying leasing contract and services margins (excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact) 347.6 380.4 728.0 296.2 362.5 658.7 -51.4 -17.9 -69.3 -14.8% -4.7% -9.5%LIKE-FOR-LIKE OPERATING INCOMEFY 2022 FY 2023 Variation Variation % In EUR million ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens Leasing contract and services margins 1 817.7 2 230.4 4 048.0 1 902.3 1 500.5 3 403.1 84.9 -729.9 -645.0 4.7% -32.7% -15.9% Reduction in depreciation costs(1) 350.3 435.0 785.3 514.6 177.9 692.5 164.3 -257.1 -270.7 Non-operating items 126.6 313.0 439.6 78.5 -189.2 -110.7 -48.1 -502.2 -550.3 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 17.7 17.7 0.0 17.7 17.7 Underlying leasing contract and services margins (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) 1 340.7 1 482.4 2 823.0 1 309.5 1 494.0 2 803.5 -31.3 11.6 -19.6 -2.3% 0.8% -0.7% Used car sales result 685.2 602.4 1 287.6 397.0 38.8 354.4 -288.2 -536.6 -851.9 Impact of reduction in depreciation costs -110.9 -117.0 -228.2 -312.2 -402.5 -714.7 -201.3 -285.5 -486.8 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 -192.8 -192.8 0.0 -192.8 -192.8 Underlying used car sales result (excluding the impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA impact) 796.1 719.4 1 515.5 709.2 634.0 1 343.2 -86.9 -85.4 -172.3 -10.9% -11.9% -11.4% Gross operating income 2 502.9 2 832.8 5 335.7 2 299.6 1 539.3 3 838.9 -203.3 -1 293.5 -1 496.8 -8.1% -45.7% -28.1% Underlying gross operating income (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) 2 137.2 2 201.8 4 339.0 2 018.7 2 128.0 4 146.7 -118.2 -73.8 -192.0 -5.5% -3.4% -4.4% Margins excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact  as a percentage of average earning assetsQ4 2022 Q4 2023 Variation Variation % In EUR million ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens Leasing contract and services margins 605.1 624.8 1 229.9 388.2 231.4 619.6 -217.0 -393.4 -610.3 -35.9% -63.0% -49.6% Reduction in depreciation costs(1) 220.3 242.2 462.5 88.9 0.0 88.9 -131.4 -242.2 -373.6 Non-operating items 37.3 2.2 39.5 3.1 -148.8 -145.7 -34.1 -151.0 -185.2 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 17.7 17.7 0.0 17.7 17.7 Underlying leasing contract and services margins (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) 347.6 380.4 728.0 296.2 362.5 658.7 -51.4 -17.9 -69.3 -14.8% -4.7% -9.5% Used car sales result 105 2 76 5 181 7 38.0 -47.7 -9.8 -67.2 -124.2 -191.5 Impact of reduction in depreciation costs -73.3 -117.0 -190.3 -86.3 -223.9 -310.2 -13.0 106.9 -119.9 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 -192.8 -192.8 0.0 -192.8 -192.8 Underlying used car sales result (excluding the impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA impact) 178.5 193.5 372.0 124.3 369.0 493.2 -54.2 175.5 121.2 -30.4% 90.7% 32.6% Gross operating income 710.3 701.3 1 411.6 426.2 183.7 609.9 -284.2 -517.6 -801.8 -40.0% -73.8% -56.8% Underlying gross operating income (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) 526.1 573.9 1 100.0 420.5 731.5 1 151.9 -105.6 157.6 52.0 -20.1% 27.5% 4.7% Margins excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact  as a percentage of average earning assetsLIKE-FOR-LIKE OPERATING EXPENSESFY 2022FY 2023 var. var. % in EUR million Total operating expenses -1 819.0 -1 987.5 -168.5 9.3% Cost to achieve -128.0 -170.0 -42 0 Consultancy costs and transaction/rebranding costs -70.1 -36.2 33.9 PPA impact 0.0 10.4 10.4 Underlying operating expenses (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) -1 620.9 -1 791.8 -170.8 10.5% Underlying cost / Income ratio (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact)57.4% 63.9% +6.5 ptsQ4 2022Q4 2023 var.var. % in EUR million Total operating expenses -514.7 -510.8 3.8 -0.7% Cost to achieve -44.3 -45.0 -0.7 Consultancy costs and transaction/rebranding costs -23.2 -21.4 1.8 PPA impact 0.0 10.4 10.4 Underlying operating expenses (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) -447.2 -454.8 -7.7 1.7% Underlying cost / Income ratio (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact)61.4% 69.1% +7.7 ptsRestated quarterly series(in EUR million)1 Q1 2022(2) Q2 2022(2) Q3 2022(2) Q4 2022(2) Q1 2023(3) Q2 2023(3)(4) Q3 2023(3) Q4 2023(3) Leasing Contract Margin 171.4 308.1 273.4 428.1 367.1 387.5 341.6 165.8 Services Margin 160.0 172.6 185.1 197.3 174.1 311.4 425.4 443.3 Leasing Contract and Services Margins 331.5 480.8 458.6 625.5 541.1 698.9 767.0 609.1 Used Car Sales result 215.2 217.4 191.0 123.9 190.5 87.0 75.5 (3.5) Gross Operating Income 546.7 698.2 649.6 749.4 731.6 785.9 842.5 605.6 Total Operating Expenses (187.5) (216.2) (219.4) (259.6) (260.5) (369.7) (444.5) (516.9) Impairment Charges on Receivables (7.9) (11.0) (13.5) (13.8) (8.8) (15.7) (21.8) (24.4) Non-Recurring Income (Expenses) 0.0 0.0 0.0 (50.6) (20.6) 33.1 (12.4) (14.1) Share of profit of associates and jointly controlled entities 0.9 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.8 0.8 3.3 1.6 Profit Before Tax 352.2 471.2 417.1 425.7 442.6 434.3 367.1 51.8 Income tax expense (92.4) (116.6) (98.3) (138.8) (125.6) (101.4) (134.0) (13.0) Result from discontinued operations 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 (91.3) 14.0 (0.2) Non-controlling interests (2.2) 0.5 (0.8) (7.2) (1.5) (4.8) (11.2) (10.4) Net Income (Group share) 257.7 355.1 318.0 284.7 315.5 236.7 235.9 28.2 (in '000) 31.03.2022 30.06.2022 30.09.2022 31.12.2022 31.03.2023 30.06.2023 30.09.2023 31.12.2023 Total Contracts 1 737 1 761 1 762 1 806 1 815 3 496 3 394 3 420 Full service leasing contracts 1 436 1 448 1 454 1 464 1 473 2 755 2 692 2 709 Fleet management contracts 301 313 308 342 342 741 703 710 The sum of rounded values contained in the table may differ slightly from the totals reported  due to rounding rules Restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 2023 Q2  Q3  Q4 2023 income statements were restated for the impact of LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation in each quarter (instead of the 2023 impact being allocated to Q4 2023 only) Q2 2023 non-controlling interests were corrected to include the payment of interest to holders of AT1 issued by LeasePlan and subscribed by external parties1 “Ayvens” refers to ALD and its consolidated entities2 The Group’s estimated unaudited consolidated results as at 31 December 2023 were examined by the Board of Directors  chaired by Pierre Palmieri  on 7 February 2024. The audit procedures carried out by the Statutory Auditors on the consolidated financial statements are in progress. The Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023 are expected to be closed by the Board of Directors by end March 20243 Net carrying amount of the rental fleet plus net receivables on finance leases4 Scope as at 31 December 2023  excluding non-recurring items (reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating items: fleet revaluation  hyperinflation in Turkey  marked-to-market of derivatives  provision in Ukraine) and impact of LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation (PPA)5 Management information  on Ayvens’ sales  excluding impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA6 Without the impact of reduction in depreciation costs in prior quarters  ALD’s UCS result per unit would have been EUR 2 344 vs. EUR 3 269 in 20227 Excluding UCS result  non-recurring items and impact of PPA8 Diluted Earnings per share  calculated on a weighted average number of shares  according to IAS 33. Basic EPS for 2023 at EUR 1.08. 2022 EPS was restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 20239 Subject to the approval of General Meeting of Shareholders10 Based on Net income group share after deduction of interest on AT1 capital11 Excluding UCS result  non-recurring items and impact of PPA12 Of net income Group share  after deduction of interest on AT1 capital13 Petrol  Diesel  Fuel cell  Gas  Flex Fuel  Full Hybrids  Mild Hybrids and others14 Depending on subsidies from governments15 Next Generation Digital Architecture16 On a like-for-like basis17 Management information  in EU+: European Union  UK  Norway  Switzerland18 Source: ACEA19 Compared to LeasePlan’s books20 As at 22 May 2023  as per IFRS 3 “Business combinations”21 Customer relationship of c. EUR 280 million before cancellation of pre-existing customer relationship at LeasePlan22 In accordance with IFRS 3 “Business combinations”23Acquisition price adjusted by c. EUR +10 million in relation to contingent payment24 2023 impact of LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation fully accounted for in Q4 202325 Excluding non-operating items and PPA26 Reduction in depreciation costs compared to the contractual costs in relation to vehicles whose sales proceeds are forecast to be in excess of their net book value and for which depreciation has been adjusted or stopped27 Assuming derivatives portfolio held as at 31 December 2023 and not assuming any new derivative transaction28 The impact of LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Acquisition in 2023 was fully accounted for in the Q4 2023 income statement. Notwithstanding  Q2  Q3 and Q4 restated income statements  where the PPA impact is allocated to each quarter from 22 May 2023  are shown in appendix29 Excluding non-operating items and PPA30 Reversal of reduction in depreciation costs accounted for by LeasePlan up until closing31 Management information32 Management information33 Cost of risk expressed as a percentage of arithmetic average of earning assets34 Calculated according to IAS 33. Basic EPS at EUR 1.08. Under IAS 33  EPS is computed using the average number of shares weighted by time apportionment. 2022 EPS was restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 202335Net income (Group share) divided by the arithmetic average of Earning Assets36 Excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact37 After deduction of interest on AT1 capital38 Excluding Additional Tier 1 capital39 Not including Additional Tier 1 capital40 Including loans granted to entities held-for-sale41 Restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 2023Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.55,0.18,0.26,True,English,"['FY 2023 results', 'Ayvens', 'leading global sustainability mobility player', 'Pre-tax P&L synergies', 'new global mobility brand', 'LeasePlan Purchase Price Allocation', 'EUR 120 million pre-tax synergies', 'new brand promise', 'Press release Ayvens1', 'strong capital position', 'unique competitive position', 'slow-growth European economy', 'ECB refinancing rate', 'annual run-rate synergies', 'new car registrations', 'Used car sales', 'mixed financial results', 'volatile interest rates', 'Earning assets growth', 'PowerUP 26 strategic plan', 'LEASEPLAN INTEGRATION WELL', 'procurement synergies', 'Earning assets3', 'PowerUP 2026 plan', 'car markets', 'FY 2023 RESULTS', 'UCS results', 'sharp increase', 'Leasing contract', 'income ratio7', 'Net income', 'high 2022 base', 'Tangible Equity', 'payout ratio', 'CET1 ratio', 'income ratio11', '2023 key milestones', 'successful creation', 'operational efficiency', 'art technology', 'unwavering commitment', 'highest standards', 'customer service', 'decisive steps', 'proven agility', 'normal levels', 'Cost/income ratio', 'recurring items', 'Dividend payout', 'single identity', 'The Company', 'single team', 'group share', 'industry destocking', 'transition year', 'FY 2024 GUIDANCE', 'key year', 'end December', 'vehicle value', 'Q4 2023 RESULTS', 'vehicles Cost', 'teams’ commitment', 'integration plan', 'higher inflation', 'depreciation costs', 'Negative impact', 'positive impact', 'Services margins', 'hedging derivatives', 'Ayvens’ guidance', '2023 impact', 'Paris', '8 February', 'basis', 'Consolidation', 'reduction', 'MtM', 'unit', 'ALD', 'line', 'normalization', 'Return', 'ROTE', '2022 Earnings', 'share8', 'dividend9', 'pressure', 'cars', 'amortization', 'PPA', 'TRACK', 'acquisition', 'foundations', 'strategy', 'future', 'excellence', '4 priorities', 'clients', 'responsibility', 'profitability', 'state', 'employees', 'schedule', 'context', 'accordance', 'challenges', 'volatility', 'revenues', 'benefits', 'full-year 2024', 'CTA', 'c.', 'way', 'transformation', 'generation', 'announcement']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
35999,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/08/2825699/0/en/Publicis-Groupe-Full-Year-2023-Results.html,Publicis Groupe : Full Year 2023 Results,Full Year 2023 Results-Another record year on all KPIs                          Confident for 2024                February 8  2024            Full year......,"Full Year 2023 Results-Another record year on all KPIsConfident for 2024February 8  2024Full year 2023 net revenue organic growth at +6.3% with stronger than expected Q4 at +5.7%Industry-leading financial ratios: 18.0% operating margin rate; headline EPS up +10% at €6.96; adjusted free cash flow at €1.7bn 1#1 rank in new business over the last 5 years 22023 proposed dividend at €3.40 per share  fully paid in cashConfident in outperforming in 2024  despite macroeconomic challenges: Organic growth expected at +4% to +5% Operating margin rate at 18% Free cash flow between €1.8 and €1.9bnFY 2023 Results (€m) FY 2023 2023 vs 2022 Revenue 14 802 +4.3% Net revenue 13 099 +4.2% Organic growth +6.3% Operating margin 2 363 +4.3% Operating margin rate 18.0% - Headline diluted EPS (euro) 6.96 +9.5% Adjusted free cash flow €1.7bn1Q4 2023 Revenue Net revenue 3 540 Reported growth +2.3% Organic growth +5.7%1 Free cash flow (FCF) before change in working capital requirement.Reported 2023 FCF at €1 547M when including net cash impact for Rosetta settlement of €148M.2 JP Morgan rankings 2019 – 2023.Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“In a very challenging macroeconomic context  and after 6 years of transformation  Publicis definitely extracted itself from the pack in 2023.Our +6.3% net revenue organic growth for the full year  coming after a stronger than expected end to the year at +5.7% in Q4  means that not only are we substantially outperforming our holding company peers  we are also growing twice as fast as the main IT consulting firms.What is true for organic growth is also true for our financial KPIs  be it on margin or on free cash flow.At a moment when our clients need partners that can truly help them transform in a challenging and ever-changing environment  our unique model has made the difference  allowing us to significantly gain market share and rank first in new business for the fifth year in a row.With a reported revenue of close to 15 billion euros in 2023  up 35% versus 2019  Publicis has firmly established itself as our industry’s second largest player and the first in terms of market capitalization.Entering 2024  we feel confident in sustaining this momentum  just as we’ve done for the last four years with a +4.7% CAGR  twice the industry average. We anticipate delivering +4 to +5% organic growth while maintaining our historically high operating margin at 18%. When it comes to Q1  we expect to significantly outperform the industry with an organic growth within our full year guidance.I would like to thank of our clients for their trust during this transformation journey and our people for their outstanding efforts. Thanks to all of them  we have reached new heights as a group  and are now in a position to face what will be another year of uncertainties with confidence and ambition.”* **Publicis Groupe’s Supervisory Board met on February 7  2024  under the chairmanship of Maurice Lévy  to examine the 2023 annual accounts presented by Arthur Sadoun  CEO and Chairman of the Management Board.KEY FIGURESEUR million  except per-share data and percentages FY 2023 FY 2022 2023vs 2022 Data from the Income Statement and Cash flow Statement Net revenue 13 099 12 572 +4.2% Pass-through revenue 1 703 1 624 +4.9% Revenue 14 802 14 196 +4.3% EBITDA 2 845 2 801 +1.6% % of Net revenue +21.7% 22.3% - 60 bps Operating margin 2 363 2 266 +4.3% % of Net revenue 18.0% 18.0% 0 bps Operating income 1 740 1 767 -1.5% Net income attributable to the Groupe 1 312 1 222 +7.4% Earnings Per Share (EPS) 5.23 4.87 +7.4% Headline diluted EPS1 6.96 6.35 +9.6% Dividend per share2 3.40 2.90 +17.2% Free cash flow before WC requirements 1 547 1 807 Underlying free cash flow before WC requirements3 1 802 1 700 Data from the Balance Sheet Dec. 31  2023 Dec. 31  2022Total assets 36 716 35 898 Groupe share of Shareholders’ equity 9 788 9 635 Net debt (net cash) (909) (634)1 Net income attributable to the Groupe  after elimination of impairment charges  real estate consolidation charge  amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions  the main capital gains (or losses) on disposals  change in the fair value of financial assets  the revaluation of earn-out costs  divided by the average number of shares on a diluted basis.2 To be proposed to the shareholders at the AGM of May 29  2024.3 Adjusted for the net impact of the Rosetta settlement for 148 million euros in 2023 and the additional 107 million euros cash tax payment made in January 2023 relating to 2022 (110 million euros at 2022 rates).NET REVENUE IN FY 2023Publicis Groupe’s net revenue for the full year 2023 was 13 099 million euros  up +4.2% compared to 12 572 million euros in 2022. Exchange rate variations over the period had a negative impact of 340 million euros and acquisitions (net of disposals) had a positive impact of 100 million euros.Organic growth was +6.3% in FY 2023 versus 2022. Compared to 2019  this implied organic growth of +21%  accelerating in H2 at +22% after +19% in H1.The Groupe’s strong and consistent performance in 2023 was reflected in each and every of its unique capabilities.Media  one third of revenue  grew double-digit on top of double digits last year  benefitting from both market shares gains and organic growth at existing clients. Data and tech activities  another third of revenue  posted a very solid growth overall. On the one hand  despite a context of slowdown in digital business transformation experienced by comparable consulting firms  Publicis Sapient achieved a solid +3.2% organic growth on top of a very high comparable base of +19% in FY 2022. On the other hand  Epsilon’s performance accelerated in the second half of the year  posting +9.6% organically in FY 2023  supported by a sustained high demand in first-party data management. Creative  the remaining third  showed its resilience with organic growth in the low-single digits for the year.Breakdown of FY 2023 net revenue by sectorBased on 3 641 clients representing 91% of the Groupe’s net revenue.Breakdown of FY 2023 net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million FY 2023 FY 2022 growth growth North America 8 050 7 869 +2.3% +4.9% Europe 3 172 2 879 +10.2% +10.3% Asia Pacific 1 156 1 176 -1.7% +2.9% Middle East & Africa 380 359 +5.8% +12.4% Latin America 341 289 +18.0% +8.9% Total 13 099 12 572 +4.2% +6.3%In North America  net revenue was up +4.9% organically. The region grew +2.3% on a reported basis in 2023  which includes a negative impact of the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate. The U.S. posted a very solid +5.0% organically  on top of a double-digit growth last year  fueled by Media activities at double-digit. Epsilon saw its net revenue increase by +9.6% organically on the year  with a particularly strong performance in Digital Media. Creative activities were broadly stable on the year. Finally  Publicis Sapient was up +2.5% organically on a strong comparable base  impacted by the delays in DBT projects experienced by all comparable IT consulting firms.Net revenue in Europe grew +10.3% on an organic basis (+10.2% reported)  including a very strong +10.4% in the United Kingdom  +5.2%1 in France  +7.2% in Germany and +16% in Central and Eastern Europe. Excluding the impact of our Outdoor Media activities and the Drugstore  organic growth was +9.0% in Europe.Asia Pacific saw its net revenue grow by +2.9% organically and decline by 1.7% on a reported basis. China posted +2.2% organic growth despite difficult macroeconomic conditions throughout the year.The Middle East and Africa region was up +12.4% organically and +5.8% on a reported basis.In Latin America  organic growth was at +8.9%  while reported growth was at +18.0%.1 Excluding Outdoor Media activities & the Drugstore.NET REVENUE IN Q4 2023Publicis Groupe's net revenue in Q4 2023 was 3 540 million euros compared to 3 462 million euros in Q4 2022  up +2.3%. Exchange rate variations had a 139 million euros negative impact. Acquisitions (net of disposals) had a 28 million euros positive impact.Organic growth was +5.7% in Q4 2023  ahead of the Groupe’s upgraded guidance in October 2023.Media  one third of revenue  accelerated to double-digit growth in Q4  supported by a solid ramp up in new business. Data & tech activities  another third  saw contrasted trends like in Q3. Epsilon  on the one hand  posted a second consecutive quarter of double-digit growth  led by the high demand for 1P data. As anticipated  Publicis Sapient saw ongoing delays in DBT projects  like all comparable IT consulting firms  leading to a slight organic decline in Q4. Creative was again resilient in Q4  with low-single digit growth.Breakdown of Q4 2023 Net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q4 2023 Q4 2022 growth growth North America 2 158 2 133 +1.2% +6.0% Europe 851 814 +4.5% +4.3% Asia Pacific 318 323 -1.5% +4.0% Middle East & Africa 106 104 +1.9% +9.7% Latin America 107 88 +21.6% +13.9% Total 3 540 3 462 +2.3% +5.7%North America net revenue was up +6.0% organically in Q4 2023. Taking into account a negative impact of the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate  reported growth was at +1.2%. The U.S. accelerated in Q4 with +6.1% organic growth as Media grew a strong double-digit  while Creative activities were softer on the quarter  affected by localized cuts in classic advertising and on top of a high comparable base last year. Epsilon posted +10% organic on the quarter  largely driven by its Digital Media and Data divisions. In the context of delays in IT consulting projects  Publicis Sapient was broadly stable  facing a strong comparable base of +15% in Q4 2022.Europe net revenue was up +4.3% on an organic basis (+4.5% reported). It grew +2.5% organically when excluding the contribution of Outdoor Media activities and the Drugstore. The United Kingdom posted a 4.2% organic decline on the quarter  facing a particularly high comparable base of +38% in Q4 2022 which was largely fueled by Publicis Sapient. France recorded a +6.3%1 organic growth  driven by Creative and Publicis Sapient. In Germany  organic growth was up by +5.3%. Net revenue in Central & Eastern Europe was up +20.3% organically.1 Excluding Outdoor Media activities & the DrugstoreNet revenue in Asia Pacific grew +4.0% organically and declined 1.5% on a reported basis. This was led by China that improved sequentially to +1.4% in Q4  thanks to a more favorable macroeconomic context. South-East Asia was double-digit again this quarter  mainly driven by India  Singapore  Thailand  and Malaysia. Australia and New Zealand posted negative performances  the latter having a very strong comparable in Q4 last year.Net revenue in the Middle East and Africa region was up +9.7% organically (+1.9% on a reported basis)  largely driven by Publicis Sapient.In Latin America  net revenue was up +13.9% organically (+21.6% on a reported basis) led by Argentina  a strong Colombia at double digits and solid Mexico and Brazil.ANALYSIS OF FY 2023 KEY FIGURESIncome StatementEBITDA amounted to 2 845 million euros in 2023  compared to 2 801 million euros in 2022  up 1.6%. EBITDA was 21.7% as a percentage of net revenue.Personnel costs totaled 8 514 million euros in 2023  up by 3.7% from 8 211 million euros in 2022. As a percentage of net revenue  the personnel expenses represented 65.0% in 2023  compared to 65.3% in 2022. Fixed personnel costs were 7 531 million euros representing 57.5% of net revenue versus 56.5% in 2022. The cost of freelancers decreased by 124 million euros in 2023  representing 332 million euros. Restructuring costs reached 111 million euros representing less than 1% of net revenue  up from 82 million euros in 2022.Non-personnel costs amounted to 2 222 million euros in 2023  compared to 2 095 million euros in 2022. This represented 17.0% of net revenue versus 16.7% in 2022. They comprised:Other operating expenses (excluding pass-through costs  depreciation & amortization) amounted to 1 740 million euros  compared to 1 560 million euros in 2022. This represented 13.3% of net revenue in 2023 compared to 12.4% in 2022.(excluding pass-through costs  depreciation & amortization) amounted to 1 740 million euros  compared to 1 560 million euros in 2022. This represented 13.3% of net revenue in 2023 compared to 12.4% in 2022. Depreciation and amortization expense was 482 million euros in 2023  versus 535 million euros in 2022  a reduction of 10% or 53 million euros. It reflects the consolidation of our real estate footprint as well as an increase in the share of SaaS platforms used by the Groupe and directly expensed.The operating margin amounted to 2 363 million euros  up +4.3% compared to 2022. This represents a margin rate of 18.0%  stable versus 2022.Operating margin rates by region were 19.0% in North America  17.7% in Europe  19.0% in Asia-Pacific  6.7% in Latin America and 8.7% in the Middle East and Africa region.Amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions totaled 268 million euro in 2023  down 19 million euros from 287 million euros in 2022. Impairment losses amounted to 153 million euros (109 million euros in 2022)  essentially related to the real estate consolidation plan ""All in One""  which leads to a reduction in the number of sites  while allowing better collaboration between the teams.In addition  net non-current income is negative at 202 million euros in 2023 (versus a negative 103 million euros in 2022)  largely reflecting a 203 million euros net charge related to the Rosetta settlement. A comprehensive resolution was reached with all 50 State Attorneys General  the District of Columbia  and certain U.S. territories related to past work undertaken for opioid manufacturers primarily by former advertising agency Rosetta  bringing to a close almost three years of discussions. In the context of this settlement  following the payment of 343 million dollars to the States  Publicis Health was compensated 130 million dollars by its insurers. Consequently  it has recorded a non-recurring charge of 213 million dollars before tax in the fourth quarter of 2023. In addition  7 million dollars to be paid to the Attorney Generals for the cost of investigation and other various costs have been accounted for. The total impact of the settlement before tax in the non-current income is a charge of 220 million dollars  corresponding to 203 million euros. This settlement  in which the Attorneys General recognized Publicis Health’s ‘good faith and responsible corporate citizenship’  is in no way an admission of wrongdoing or liability.Operating income totaled 1 740 million euros in 2023  after 1 767 million euros in 2022.The financial result  comprising the cost of net financial debt and other financial charges and income  was a charge of 21 million euros compared to a charge of 117 million euros in 2022.The cost of net financial debt was an income of 78 million euros in 2023 compared to a charge of 17 million euros in 2022. It included 99 million euros of interest largely related to Epsilon’s acquisition debt (102 million euros in 2022)  partly mitigated by financial income of 178 million euros  improving from 85 million euros in 2022  largely reflecting higher remuneration on cash balances.was an income of 78 million euros in 2023 compared to a charge of 17 million euros in 2022. It included 99 million euros of interest largely related to Epsilon’s acquisition debt (102 million euros in 2022)  partly mitigated by financial income of 178 million euros  improving from 85 million euros in 2022  largely reflecting higher remuneration on cash balances. Other financial income and expenses were a charge of 99 million euros in 2023  notably composed by 79 million euros interest on lease liabilities and 1 million in income from the fair value remeasurement of Mutual Funds. In 2022  other financial income and expenses were a charge of 100 million euros  notably composed of 87 million euros interest on lease liabilities and 9 million in income from the fair value remeasurement of Mutual Funds.The revaluation of earn-out payments amounted to an income of 12 million euros compared to a loss of 2 million euros in 2022.The income tax charge was 415 million euros in 2023  corresponding to an effective tax rate of 24.1%. This compared to 431 million euros in 2022  corresponding to an effective tax rate of 24.8%.The share in profit of associates was an income of 6 million euros (versus an income of 5 million euros in 2022).Minority interests were a gain of 10 million euros in 2023  when they were negligible in 2022.Overall  net income attributable to the Groupe was 1 312 million euros in 2023  an increase of 7.4% compared to 1 222 million euros in 2022.Finally  the Groupe’s earnings per share was 5.23 euros in 2023  an increase of 7.4% compared to 4.87 euros in 2022.Free cash flowEUR million FY 2023 FY 2022 EBITDA 2 845 2 801 Financial interest paid (net) 93 (17) Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests (423) (404) Tax paid (669) (430) Other (121) 51 Cash flow from operations before change in WCR 1 725 2 001 Investments in fixed assets (net) (178) (194) Reported free cash flow before changes in WCR 1 547 1 807 TCJA transitional cash tax related to 2022 paid in January 2023 107 (107) Rosetta settlement 148 - Underlying free cash flow before changes in WCR1 1 802 1 700The reported Groupe’s free cash flow  before change in working capital requirements  was 1 547 million euros.This included two main non-recurring cash outflows.TCJA  for a net impact of 107 million euros: In January 2023  the Groupe proceeded to an additional 107 million euros cash payment related to 2022 fiscal year (110 million euros at 2022 USD/EUR exchange rate)  reflecting the implementation of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in the U.S. (TCJA) that was confirmed late December 2022. This change in tax legislation requires companies to capitalize and amortize U.S. R&D expenses over five years and has no impact on effective tax rate. Including this additional payment  the free cash flow for the Groupe was 1 700 million euros for 2022.Rosetta settlement  for a net impact of 148 million euros. Adjusted for this settlement  the free cash flow for the Groupe was 1 695 million euros for 2023  in line with the guidance of the Groupe of close to 1.7 billion euros.Financial interests were an income of 93 million euros  compared to financial interest paid of 17 million euros in 2022  reflecting higher remuneration on cash balances.1 Adjusted for the net impact of the Rosetta settlement for 148 million euros in 2023 and the additional 107 million euros cash tax payment made in January 2023 relating to 2022 (110 million euros at 2022 rates).Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests amounted to 423 million euros in 2023 (404 million euros in 2022). Net investments in fixed assets amounted to 178 million euros  decreasing by 16 million euros compared to 194 million euros in 2022.Tax paid amounted to 669 million euros  compared to 430 million euros in 2022  rising by 239 million euros of which 107 million euros were due to the additional TCJA tax payment realized in January 2023 and related to 2022.Net debtThe Groupe reported a net cash position of 909 million euros as of December 31  2023 compared to a 634 million euros net cash position as of December 31  2022. The Groupe's average net debt in 2023 amounted to 432 million euros  down from 685 million euros in 2022.GROUPE AI STRATEGYOn January 25  2024  the Groupe announced its ambition to become the industry’s first AI-powered Intelligent System.In a presentation hosted by Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO  and Directoire+ members Carla Serrano  Chief Strategy Officer  Nigel Vaz  CEO Publicis Sapient and Dave Penski  CEO Publicis Media  the Groupe introduced CoreAI  which infuses a layer of AI across the Groupe’s platform organization to connect its enterprise knowledge under a single entity.Held at the centre of the Groupe  CoreAI unifies and standardizes Publicis’ expansive bank of proprietary data and combines this with 35 years of business transformation data and coding owned exclusively by Publicis Sapient. CoreAI makes these assets shareable and accessible to everyone across the Groupe  empowering them across five key disciplines: Insight  Media  Creative and Production  Software and Operations.Publicis plans to invest 300 million euros in this strategy over the next three years. In 2024  the Groupe anticipates an investment of 100 million euros with 50% dedicated to people  focused on upskilling  training and recruitment  and 50% to technology  through licenses  IT software and cloud infrastructure. This investment will be fully accounted for in the P&L. It will have no dilutive impact on the Groupe’s operating margin in 2024 as it will be funded by internal efficiencies. It will be slightly accretive on the operating margin in 2025.The Groupe began engineering CoreAI in the second half of 2023 and plans to iteratively roll out capabilities in the first half of 2024. It will present MVPs at Viva Tech in May 2024.ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALSOn January 4  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Yieldify  a London-based marketing technology company. Founded in 2013  Yieldify’s leading platform and service enable companies to better personalize consumers’ website experiences  driving incremental revenue and other desired outcomes by delivering the right message at the right time based on a consumer's profile and stage in their purchase journey. Yieldify will become part of Epsilon  and its onsite personalization  conversion optimization and customer journey offerings will complement Epsilon PeopleCloud to better address the mid-market.On January 10  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Advertise BG  one of the leading performance marketing agencies in Bulgaria. The strategic acquisition will further reinforce Publicis Groupe Bulgaria’s competencies in digital transformation  adding firepower to its existing offering across digital strategy  data  social media  and digital content creation.On March 30  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Practia  based in Buenos Aires  a leading Latin America independent technology company and provider of digital business transformation services. With its 1 200 experienced professionals  this acquisition will position Publicis Sapient to enter the Latin America market while establishing a foundation for a nearshore delivery platform that will enable the company to better service clients based in North America.On May 23  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of full stake in Publicis Sapient AI Labs  an innovative artificial intelligence research and development joint venture launched in 2020 in partnership between Publicis Sapient  Elder Research and Tquila. The acquisition will further strengthen Publicis Sapient’s data & AI capabilities and enable the company to develop innovative solutions across industries for a wide range of applications  such as generative AI  natural language processing (NLP)  computer vision and autonomous systems.On June 5  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Corra  based in New York  an ecommerce leader recognized by Adobe as one of the top commerce firms in North America. Corra will augment Publicis Sapient’s existing expertise in commerce solutions  including Adobe Commerce  while extending Publicis Sapient’s offerings in digital and omnichannel commerce. By acquiring Corra  Publicis Sapient will further establish itself as a global leader across the entire Adobe Product Suite  in addition to further cementing its already leading capabilities.On June 15  2023  Publicis and Carrefour announced the launch of their joint venture Unlimitail  to address the booming retail media market in Continental Europe  Brazil and Argentina. The launch of the company comes six months after the initiative was announced and has been unveiled during Viva Tech. Unlimitail will partner with retailers and brands  bringing the scale  connectivity and consistency for retail media to reach its full potential in those geographies. It is built on the most advanced technologies  “CitrusAd powered by Epsilon”  and the deepest retail expertise from Carrefour. Unlimitail has already converted its first 13 retail partners  representing together more than 120 million loyalty customers.OUTLOOKWhile the macroeconomic context remains uncertain as we enter 2024  the Groupe is confident in its ability to deliver profitable growth that outperforms the market.For the full year 2024  the Groupe aims at delivering a 4% to 5% organic growth. Publicis intends to achieve a solid +4% despite the macroeconomic challenges that currently affect classic advertising and delay business transformation projects. Organic growth could reach +5% assuming an improvement in global conditions in the second half of the year.In Q1 2024  the Groupe expects to deliver organic growth within the full year range.The Groupe expects to maintain financial ratios again in 2024 at historical highs  including:Operating margin at 18% . This includes the Groupe’s Opex investment of 100 million euros in its AI plan.. This includes the Groupe’s Opex investment of 100 million euros in its AI plan. Free cash flow between 1.8 and 1.9 billion euros1 in 2024.CASH ALLOCATIONBased on its free cash flow prospects and on its strong financial structure  the Groupe has set the following cash allocation for 2024:Dividend for a total of close to 900 million euros fully paid in cash   corresponding to a 3.40 euros dividend per share that will be submitted to the vote of its shareholders at its next AGM on May 29  2024. This corresponds to a 49% payout and is a 17% increase compared to prior year.  corresponding to a 3.40 euros dividend per share that will be submitted to the vote of its shareholders at its next AGM on May 29  2024. This corresponds to a 49% payout and is a 17% increase compared to prior year. A share repurchase plan of circa 200 million euros in order to stabilize the number of shares in circulation. The repurchase plan aims to cover the existing Long Term Incentive Plans of the Groupe for a total of circa 2 million shares.in order to stabilize the number of shares in circulation. The repurchase plan aims to cover the existing Long Term Incentive Plans of the Groupe for a total of circa 2 million shares. An envelope for selective M&A between 700 and 800 million euros  to further strengthen the Groupe’s data  tech  commerce and AI capabilities.1 Before change in working capital requirements.GROUPE CSR POLICY IN 2023With a view to the entry into force in 2025 of the European CSRD (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive)  which requires companies to carry out in-depth sustainability work  in 2023 Publicis Groupe launched internal projects to prepare the required double materiality exercise  as well as the expected level of granularity for the 12 themes set out in the ESRS (European Sustainability Reporting Standards). ESG risk mapping has been presented to the Audit Committee and the ESG Committee of the Supervisory Board.CSR was one of the themes discussed with employees at the fourth Viva la Difference internal seminar  which brought together virtually all the Groupe's employees in December 2023 to review the year and look ahead to 2024. This seminar provided an opportunity to detail the Groupe's strategic ambitions in terms of artificial intelligence and its application to the Groupe's various businesses. This was followed by a day of internal round-table discussions with each region  to enable Top Management to respond at greater length to any questions employees might have.E – Environment & the fight against Climate ChangeThe Groupe's climate targets  validated by SBTi (Science Based Targets Initiative)  outline a trajectory to reduce carbon emissions by 50% by 2030 (Near-Term Target - Scopes 1+2+3) and by 90% by 2040 (Long-Term Target - Scopes 1+2+3). The Groupe remains aligned with the Paris Agreement and the 1.5° scenario  and continues to focus all its efforts on drastically reducing carbon emissions. In terms of direct-source renewable energies  the Groupe is making progress towards its target of 100% by 2030  having reached the 2023 milestone at over 50%.Reducing all environmental impacts remains the absolute priority  and various initiatives have been launched to strengthen direct and indirect action levers. In view of the residual unavoidable carbon emissions  and to anticipate the Groupe's future needs to achieve Net Zero by 2040  Publicis Groupe has joined the Climate Fund for Nature (Mirova/Natixis). The fund will support projects dedicated to the protection and restoration of nature with associated benefits for biodiversity and communities. This represents a commitment of €20 million for the delivery of voluntary carbon credits over fifteen years.Following on from the work carried out in 2022 on climate risks  an ad hoc project was carried out in 2023 to analyse the impact on biodiversity  with the support of an external consultancy.S – Social  Diversity  Equity and InclusionThe end of 2023 was marked by the Hamas attacks in Israel  where the Groupe has some 440 employees. The absolute priority was to ensure the safety of the teams and their families  as had been the case in February 2022 during the Russian invasion of Ukraine. These wars disrupt many lives and each time we have to put in place tailor-made measures to help our employees. In Ukraine  the Groupe has continued to pay the salaries of local teams in 2023  as it did in 2022. Donations made by employees and the Groupe to a fund dedicated to employees and their families in Ukraine have helped 32 families since July 2022.By the end of 2023  the international #WorkingWithCancer programme launched by the Chairman of the Directoire to combat the taboo of cancer in the workplace had been signed up by 1 500 companies  representing 40 million employees worldwide.The Groupe's objective of having 45% women in key positions of responsibility within the Groupe by 2025  with a target of 43% by 2023  has been achieved. In the United States  the United Kingdom  France  India and many other countries  efforts have continued to focus on more open and inclusive recruitment  in particular for young people who are far removed from our businesses  with several programmes  such as the MCTP for the 14th year in the United States  or Publicis Track in France. The diversity and inclusion programmes in place in the United States were presented to the ESG Committee.In terms of training  the Marcel Classes platform has stepped up its personalised support for employees with the Growth Dashboard. In October 2023  the organisation of remote working was specified for 2024  requiring everyone to be in the office three days a week  in order to give priority to interpersonal relations in situ and encourage team cooperation.The #WorkYourWorld internal programme  which enables employees to work for six weeks in a country or city of their choice  continues to be very popular in 2023: more than 2 500 employees have taken advantage of it (bringing to more than 4 000 the number of trips made since the programme was launched in January 2022) for an average stay of 29 days.The 19th Global Meeting of the Women's Forum for the Economy and the Society took place over two days in Paris in November 2023  bringing together over 1 500 people in person and more than 12 000 online participants from 122 countries.G – Governance  Business Ethics and Responsible MarketingA.L.I.C.E (Advertising Limiting Impacts & Carbon Emissions)  the Groupe's proprietary tool for assessing the impact of customer campaigns and projects  has been enhanced to refine the calculations for the Groupe's different businesses  and has been certified e-accessible. In 2023  this calculator was used for +250 brands/customers in 30 countries. At the same time  the Groupe is continuing to take part in various sectoral projects  both nationally and internationally  in particular those led by Ad Net Zero  aimed at standardising the methodologies used to calculate the carbon footprint of our businesses  particularly the media.The Groupe's objective remains to advance professional practices and standards in favour of inclusion and the reduction of environmental impacts. The level of maturity of French agencies is an example of mobilisation; Publicis France maintains its leading position with 11 agencies certified as 'RSE Active' by the French interprofessional body in partnership with Afnor.In the United States  the OnceForAllCoalition initiated by Publicis Media includes more than 70 active partners  including more than 30 brands and advertisers  all working to promote innovative media and content aimed at under-represented or minority populations. Advertisers have increased their investment in these audiences by 50% over the year.Business ethics issues are an integral part of the Groupe's businesses and the aim is to train all employees to maintain our high standards in fundamental areas detailed in our Janus Code of Ethics  such as anti-corruption  data protection and information systems security. Lastly  the Groupe was rated 958/1000 by Cybervadis  illustrating continuous improvement linked in particular to effective cooperation between the GDPO (Group Data Protection Office) teams and the GSO (Global Security Office) security teams.In terms of external ESG ratings  Publicis Groupe finished 2023 at the top of its sector with 8/10 of the main rating agencies  and the company is included in several ESG indices such as DSJI Europe and DJSI World.NEW BUSINESSEUROPESanten France (Health)  GlaxoSmithKline (Health & Media)  Comité Colbert (Creative)  Speedy (Data)  Carlsberg (Creative)  Abeille Assurances (Creative)  Visa (Technology & Creative)  DomusVi (Technology)  DocuSign (Creative)  The Football Association Premier League (Creative)  Allwyn (Creative)  Pivovara Daruvar (Creative)  heroal (Creative)  Deutsche Telekom (Creative)  DATEV (Influence)  Samsung (DTC)  PepsiCo (Media)  L’Oréal (Media)  Tesco (Creative)  Asda (Technology)  Renault (Influence)  FoodWell (Media)  Notino (Media)  Casavo (Creative)  La Poste (Media)  Dream Games (Media)  Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (Media)  Meggle (Media)  Île-de-France Mobilités (Creative)  TotalEnergies (Creative)  Bioderma (Creative)  Pernod Ricard (Influence)  Ovo Energy (Creative)  Le manège à bijoux (Creative)  Inserm (Media)  SNCF (Digital)  John Lewis (Creative)  Alfa Romeo (Air France KLM (Influence)  Ikea (Creative & media)  Gruppo Iren (Creative)  Bulgari (Creative)  Gruppo Campari (Influence)  Western Union (Media)  Beko (Influence)  Société Générale (DBT)  Iveco (Media)  Sony Music (Digital)  Legrand (Creative)  Nexity (Creative)  Skoda (Social Media)  Charlotte Tilbury (Media)  Ferrero (Media/Creative/Influence)  Laya Healthcare (Creative)  PublicJobs.ie (Creative)  ADAC (Influence)  Innomotics (Media)  Bosch (Media)  ASOS (Media)  Sodexo (Media  Portu (Media)  Bundesministerium fuer Arbeit und Soziales (DBT)  Belvedere Vodka (Creative)  SAS Bagel Chef (Creative)  Answear.com (Creative)  Miele (Commerce)  Sandoz (Content)  Orange (Creative)  Confused.com (Creative)  Bundesministerium fuer Arbeit und Soziales (DBT)  Grunenthal (Influence)  Tediber (Media)  Zoopla (Media)  Signify Iberia (Media)  Glovo App (Media)  Stiftelsen Norsk Rikstoto (Media)  Henkel (Media)  Bausch Health (Media)  Stiftelsen Norsk Rikstoto (Content)  Norske Boligbyggelags Landsforbund (Content)  Storck (Media)  Hyundai Motor Company (Influence)  Totalizator Sportowy (Media)  Interlacto  (Media)  Hisense Group Company (Influence)  Simba Dickie Group (Media)  Waitrose (Retail Media)  Burger King (Digital)  NDL Pro-Health (Digital)  Akind Group (Media)  OBI (Media)  Salone del Mobile Milano (Media & DBT)NORTH AMERICAKrafton (Influence)  Intuit (Creative)  Shelter Movers (Influence)  Universite de Sherbrooke (Creative)  Steak 'n Shake (Creative & CRM)  Loblaws (Cretaive)  Mattress Firm (Creative)  Jasco Games (Creative)  Wondery (CRM)  McDonalds (CRM)  Milton Hershey School (Influence)  University of Oklahoma (Production)  Progress Residential (Production)  Wyndham Hotels & Resorts (Production)  Robert Walters (Production)  HP (Commerce)  Sun Life of Canada (Commerce)  Rite Aid (Media)  The PUR Company (Media)  MTY Food Group (Influence)  General Mills (Commerce)  Dunkin’ (Creative & Digital)  Walgreens (Media)  KB Home (Creative)  Burger King (Creative)  Sanofi (Influence)  Virgin Mobile (Creative)  Toronto Parking Authority (Creative)  HealthPartners Canada (Influence)  Groupe Atallah (Media)  Kicking Horse Coffee (Creative & Influence)  General Motors Company (Production)  Tillamook County Creamery Association (Creative)  Signet Jewelers (Media & Production)  Blue Diamond Growers (Media)  Turo (Creative & Production)  UPS (Creative)  LVMH (Media)  Shark Beauty (Creative)  New Age Products (Media)  Samsung (Commerce)  TGI Fridays (Media)  National Life Insurance (Media)  Sierra Nevada Brewing Company (Creative)  Coopers Hawk Winery and Restaurants (CRM)  Haribo of America (Creative & Influence)  Air Transat (Influence)  The Cadillac Fairview Corporation (CRM)  Kellogg Company (Content)  The Procter And Gamble Company (Influence)  Duracell (Creative)  Kimberly-Clark (Media)  The Container Store (Data)  Dicks Sporting Goods (CRM)  ConAgra Foods (Creative)  QuadReal Property (Content & Influence)  GlaxoSmithKline (Production)  Edo Japan Restaurants (Influence)  Starbucks (Influence)  Olymel (Creative)  Insurance Brokers Association of Ontario (Influence)  Foresters Life Insurance (Production)  The TJX Companies (Content)  Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (CRM)  Turo (Production)  Edo Japan Restaurants (Influence)  Toronto Metropolitan University (Influence)  Daily Bread Food Bank (Content)  Pricewaterhouse Coopers (Production)  Mary Brown's Chicken (Influence)  Heineken (Commerce)  Nestlé Health Science (Media)  KFC (Creative)  DSW (Media)  Molson Coors (Creative)  Cisco Systems (Media)  Cuisinart (Content)  Perrigo (Creative)  AH Capital Management (Content)  Jazwares (Influence)  Xsolla (Influence)  Bath and Body Works (Creative)  Quest Nutrition (Creative)ASIA PACIFIC/MEAMiele (CRM)  United Homeware Company (Creative)  Krungthai Bank (Creative)  Anker (Media)  Royal Automobile Club (Media)  Charles & Keith (Commerce)  Nick Did This (Media)  Nine Network (Creative)  Essity (Media)  OSHO (DBT)  La Trobe University (DBT)  LVMH (Production)  Cathay Pacific Airways (Commerce)  Pepsico (Production)  Duolingo (Creative)  Aeries Financial Technologies (Media)  Central Provident Fund Board (Production)  AIA Company (Media)  Haleon (Production)  LOréal (Media & Production)  The Standard Bank of South Africa (Creative)  Sanofi (Creative)  Nestlé (Production)  Diageo (Commerce)  Mondelez (Production)  Pizza Hut (Creative)  Cancer Council Victoria (Media)  Emirates NBD (Creative)  Grupo Bimbo (Creative)  Microsoft (Influence)  JioMart (Creative)  AkBank (Media)  Novartis (Creative & Production)  United Breweries (Production)  Charlotte Tilbury Beauty (Creative & Production)  Genesis Motor (Creative)  Torrent Pharmaceuticals (Creative)  More Retail (Media)  GlaxoSmithKline (Creative)  Crocs (Creative)  Shanghai Neobio (Creative)  FWD Group (Media)  Bank of China (Media)  Yili (Creative)  Singhealth (Digital)  P&G (Digital)  Oritain (Creative & Media)  Neom Company (Creative)  Renault (Media)  Bosideng (Production)  HSBC (Creative)  BASF (Creative)  Union Bank of the Philippines (Creative)  Roborock (Production)  Indeed (Influence)  Samsonite (Media)  New Balance (Production)  Keypath Education (Media)  Jio-bp (Digital)  Enamor (Digital)  UniScholars (Creative)  The Procter And Gamble Company (Commerce)  Friesland Campina (Media)  Sony Playstation (Creative)  TPG (Media)  Iveco (Media)  Sace (Media)  PUMA (Creative)  Microtek (Creative)  BikesOnline (Digital)  Reliance Retail (Creative)  Shimao Hotel Group (Influence)  Hong Kong Technology Venture Company (Content)  Honor (Influence)  Hang Lung Properties (Creative)  Amway (Production)  BMW (Media)  Apoidea Web3 (Media)  Dairy Farm International (Media)  First Class Innovation (Creative)  Walt Disney (Content)  Absa Bank (Media)  ALDI (CRM)  Superloop (Media)  Abu Dhabi Investment Office (Media)  Huawei (Creative)  Auckland International Airport (Creative)  Beiersdorf (Production)  Tsingtao (Creative)  Jindal SAW (Influence)  Temple & Webster (Media & Influence)  upGrad (Creative)LATAMLOréal (Media)  Bayer (Media)  Samsung (Media)  Nestlé (Creative)  PicPay (Creative)  Pizza Hut (Commerce)  Polla Chilena (Media)  Telecom Argentina (Media)  Paper Excellence (Media)  Comgás (Media)  Sportingbet (Content)  Mondelez (Media)  Decathlon (Creative)GLOBALAdobe (Media)  Mondelez (Production)  King (Creative)  Ninjacart (Creative)  Alvarium Tiedemann (Creative)  Amplifon (Creative)  Pfizer (Creative  Media  Data  Production)  Miele (Media)  Ancestry (Media)  Essity (Creative)* **DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com)  including an unfavorable economic climate  a highly competitive industry  risks associated with the confidentiality of personal data  the Groupe’s business dependence on its management and employees  risks associated with mergers and acquisitions  risks of IT system failures and cybercrime  the possibility that our clients could seek to terminate their contracts with us on short notice  risks associated with the reorganization of the Groupe  risks of litigation  governmental  legal and arbitration proceedings  risks associated with the Groupe’s financial rating and exposure to liquidity risks.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 101 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!ContactsPublicis GroupeAmy Hadfield Corporate Communications + 33 1 44 43 70 75 amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.com Alessandra Girolami Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 77 88 alessandra.girolami@publicisgroupe.com Jean-Michel Bonamy Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 88 jean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.com Lorène Fleury Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 57 24 lorene.fleury@publicisgroupe.com Maxine Miller Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 21 maxine.miller@publicisgroupe.comAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY Impact of currencyat end December 2023(million euro) 2022 net revenue 2 800 3 073 3 237 3 462 12 572 GBP (2) (22) Currency impact (2) 61 (73) (189) (139) (340) USD (2) (196) 2022 net revenue at 2023 exchange rates (a) 2 861 3 000 3 048 3 323 12 232 Others (122) 2023 net revenue before acquisition impact (1) (b) 3 065 3 213 3 209 3 512 12 999 Total (340) Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 14 26 32 28 100 2023 net revenue 3 079 3 239 3 241 3 540 13 099 Organic growth (b/a) +7.1% +7.1% +5.3% +5.7% +6.3%(1) Acquisitions (Practia  Profitero  Corra  Tquila  Yieldify  Tremend  Retargetly  Wiredcraft  Bizon  VivNetworks  Cheat  ARBH  Changi  Perlu  Advertise Bulgaria  Publicis Sapient AI Labs)  net of disposals (Russia  Qorvis  Makers Lab)(2) EUR = USD 1.082 on average in 2023 vs. USD 1.054 average in 2022EUR = GBP 0.870 on average in 2023 vs. GBP 0.853 on average in 2022DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currenciesEBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization): Operating margin before depreciation & amortizationOperating margin: Revenue after personnel costs  other operating expenses (excl. non-current income and expense) and depreciation (excl. amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions)Operating margin rate: Operating margin as a percentage of net revenueHeadline Group Net Income: Net income attributable to the Groupe  after elimination of impairment charges / real estate transformation expenses  amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions  the main capital gains (or losses) on disposals  change in the fair value of financial assets and the revaluation of earn-out costsEPS (Earnings per share): Group net income divided by average number of shares  not dilutedEPS  diluted (Earnings per share  diluted): Group net income divided by average number of shares  dilutedHeadline EPS  diluted (Headline Earnings per share  diluted): Headline group net income  divided by average number of shares  dilutedCapex: Net acquisitions of tangible and intangible assets  excluding financial investments and other financial assetsFree cash flow before changes in working capital requirements: Net cash flow from operating activities less interests paid & received  repayment of lease liabilities & related interests and before changes in WCR linked to operating activitiesFree cash flow: Net cash flow from operating activities less interests paid & received  repayment of lease liabilities & related interestsNet debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives  net of treasury and cash equivalents  excluding lease liability since 1st January 2018Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of monthDividend pay-out: Dividend per share / Headline diluted EPSOrganic Growth vs. 2019: calculated as([1 + organic growth (n-3)] * [1 + organic growth (n-2)] * [1 + organic growth (n-1)] * [1 + organic growth (n)])-1Consolidated income statement(in millions of euros) 2023 2022 Net revenue (1) 13 099 12 572 Pass-through revenue 1 703 1 624 Revenue 14 802 14 196 Personnel costs (8 514) (8 211) Other operating costs (3 443) (3 184) Operating margin before depreciation & amortization 2 845 2 801 Depreciation and amortization expense (excluding acquired intangibles) (482) (535) Operating margin 2 363 2 266 Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions (268) (287) Impairment loss (153) (109) Non-current income and expenses (202) (103) Operating income 1 740 1 767 Financial expense (120) (118) Financial income 198 101 Cost of net financial debt 78 (17) Revaluation of earn-out payments 12 (2) Other financial income and expenses (99) (100) Pre-tax income of consolidated companies 1 731 1 648 Income taxes (415) (431) Net income of consolidated companies 1 316 1 217 Share of profit of associates 6 5 Net income 1 322 1 222 Of which: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 10 - Net income attributable to equity holders of the parent company 1 312 1 222 Per-share data (in euros) – Net income attributable to equity holders of the parent company Number of shares 250 706 485 250 972 110 Earnings per share 5.23 4.87 Number of diluted shares 253 999 363 253 605 167 Diluted earnings per share 5.17 4.82 (1) Net revenue: Revenue less pass-through costs. Those costs are mainly production & media costs and out-of-pocket expenses. As these are items that can be passed on to clients are not included in the scope of analysis of transactions  the net revenue indicator is the most appropriate for measuring the Groupe’s operational performance.Consolidated statement of comprehensive income(in millions of euros) 2023 2022 Net income for the period (a) 1 322 1 222 Comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to income statement Actuarial gains (and losses) on defined benefit plans 12 42 Deferred taxes on comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to income statement (3) (10) Comprehensive income that may be reclassified to income statement Remeasurement of hedging instruments 34 (21) Consolidation translation adjustments (390) 311 Total other comprehensive income (b) (347) 322 Total comprehensive income for the period (a) + (b) 975 1 544 Of which: Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to non-controlling interests 4 - Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to equity holders of the parent company 971 1 544Consolidated balance sheet(in millions of euros) December 31  2023 December 31  2022 Assets Goodwill 12 422 12 546 Intangible assets  net 958 1 247 Right-of-use assets related to leases 1 614 1 753 Property  plant and equipment  net 596 610 Deferred tax assets 212 186 Investments in associates 46 55 Other financial assets 316 394 Non-current assets 16 164 16 791 Inventories and work-in-progress 341 327 Trade receivables 13 400 12 089 Contract assets 1 297 1 149 Other receivables and current assets 1 264 926 Cash and cash equivalents 4 250 4 616 Current assets 20 552 19 107 Total assets 36 716 35 898 Equity and liabilities Share capital 102 102 Additional paid-in capital and retained earnings  Group share 9 686 9 533 Equity attributable to holders of the parent company  Group share 9 788 9 635 Minority interests (40) (35) Total equity 9 748 9 600 Long-term borrowings 2 462 2 989 Long-term lease liabilities 1 992 2 197 Deferred tax liabilities 98 219 Pension commitments and other long-term benefits 265 244 Long-term provisions 319 260 Non-current liabilities 5 136 5 909 Trade payables 17 077 15 660 Contract liabilities 513 549 Short-term borrowings 726 627 Short-term lease liabilities 360 360 Income taxes payable 378 486 Pension commitments and other short-term benefits 21 20 Short-term provisions 255 271 Other creditors and current liabilities 2 502 2 416 Current liabilities 21 832 20 389 Total equity and liabilities 36 716 35 898Consolidated statement of cash flows(in millions of euros) 2023 2022 Cash flow from operating activities Net income 1 322 1 222 Neutralization of non-cash income and expenses: Income taxes 415 431 Cost of net financial debt (78) 17 Capital losses (gains) on disposal of assets (before tax) (1) 103 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 903 931 Share-based compensation 85 64 Other non-cash income and expenses 79 86 Share of profit of associates (6) (5) Dividends received from associates 7 3 Taxes paid (669) (430) Change in working capital requirements (1) (9) (5) Net cash flows generated by (used in) operating activities (I) 2 048 2 417 Cash flow from investing activities Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (180) (198) Disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 2 4 Purchases of investments and other financial assets  net 13 11 Acquisitions of subsidiaries (194) (523) Disposals of subsidiaries 11 (43) Net cash flows generated by (used in) investing activities (II) (348) (749) Cash flow from financing activities Dividends paid to holders of the parent company (726) (603) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (9) (4) Proceeds from borrowings 5 - Repayment of borrowings (502) (10) Repayment of lease liabilities (344) (317) Interest paid on lease liabilities (79) (87) Interest paid (99) (101) Interest received 192 84 Buy-outs of non-controlling interests (4) (3) Net (buybacks)/sales of treasury shares and warrants (189) 41 Net cash flows generated by (used in) financing activities (III) (1 755) (1 000) Impact of exchange rate fluctuations (IV) (311) 300 Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (I + II + III + IV) (366) 968 Cash and cash equivalents on January 1 4 616 3 659 Bank overdrafts on January 1 (1) (12) Net cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year (V) 4 615 3 647 Cash and cash equivalents at closing date 4 250 4 616 Bank overdrafts at closing date (1) (1) Net cash and cash equivalents at end of the year (VI) 4 249 4 615 Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (VI - V) (366) 968 (1) Breakdown of changes in working capital requirementsChange in inventory and work-in-progressChange in trade receivables and other receivablesChange in trade payables  other payables and provisionsChange in working capital requirements (22)(2 303)2 316(9)(46)(710)751(5)Consolidated statement of changes in equityNumber of outstanding shares (in millions of euros) Share capital Additional paid-in capital Reserves and earnings brought forward Translation reserve Fair value reserve Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent company Non-controlling interests Total equity 251 992 065 December 31  2022 102 4 037 5 324 85 87 9 635 (35) 9 600 Net income - - 1 312 - - 1 312 10 1 322 Other comprehensive income  net of tax - - 114 (384) (71) (341) (6) (347) Total comprehensive income for the year - - 1 426 (384) (71) 971 4 975 - Dividends - (701) (25) - - (726) (9) (735) 1 545 833 Share-based compensation  net of tax - - 102 - - 102 - 102 Effect of acquisitions and commitments to buy-out non-controlling interests - - (5) - - (5) - (5) - Equity warrants exercise - - - - - - - - (2 963 405) (Buybacks)/Sales of treasury shares - - (189) - - (189) - (189) 250 574 493 December 31  2023 102 3 336 6 633 (299) 16 9 788 (40) 9 748 249 600 509 December 31  2021 101 4 581 4 056 (226) 76 8 588 (33) 8 555 Net income 1 222 1 222 - 1 222 Other comprehensive income  net of tax 311 11 322 - 322 Total comprehensive income for the year - - 1 222 311 11 1 544 - 1 544 - Dividends (559) (44) (603) (4) (607) 246 225 Share-based compensation  net of tax 66 66 66 Effect of acquisitions and commitments to buy-out non-controlling interests (1) (1) 2 1 603 226 Equity warrants exercise 1 15 16 16 1 542 105 (Buybacks)/Sales of treasury shares 25 25 25 251 992 065 December 31  2022 102 4 037 5 324 85 87 9 635 (35) 9 600Earnings per share (basic and diluted)(in millions of euros  except for share data) 2023 2022 Net income used for the calculation of earnings per share Net income share attributable to equity holders of the parent company A 1 312 1 222 Impact of dilutive instruments: Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments  net of tax - - Group net income – diluted B 1 312 1 222 Number of shares used to calculate earnings per share Number of shares at January 1 254 311 860 253 462 409 Shares created over the year - 393 965 Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the year) (3 605 375) (2 884 264) Average number of shares used for the calculation C 250 706 485 250 972 110 Impact of dilutive instruments: Free shares and dilutive stock options (1) 3 292 878 2 633 057 Number of diluted shares D 253 999 363 253 605 167 (in euros) Earnings per share A/C 5.23 4.87 Diluted earnings per share B/D 5.17 4.82 (1) Only stock options and warrants with a dilutive impact  i.e. whose strike price is lower than the average strike price  are included in the calculation.As of December 31  2023  there were no more stock options to be exercised.Headline earnings per share (basic and diluted)(in millions of euros  except for share data) 2023 2022 Net income used to calculate headline earnings per share (1) Net income – Group share 1 312 1 222 Items excluded: Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  net of tax 199 215 Impairment loss (2)  net of tax 115 80 Main capital gains and losses on disposal of assets and fair value adjustment of financial assets  net of tax 1 92 Revaluation of earn-out payments (12) 2 Settlement Rosetta / Publicis Health LLC 152 - Headline Group net income E 1 767 1 611 Impact of dilutive instruments: Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments  net of tax - - Headline Group net income  diluted F 1 767 1 611 Number of shares used to calculate earnings per share Number of shares at January 1 254 311 860 253 462 409 Shares created over the year - 393 965 Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the year) (3 605 375) (2 884 264) Average number of shares used for the calculation C 250 706 485 250 972 110 Impact of dilutive instruments: Free shares and dilutive stock options 3 292 878 2 633 057 Number of diluted shares D 253 999 363 253 605 167 (in euros) Headline earnings per share (1) E/C 7.05 6.42 Headline earnings per share – diluted (1) F/D 6.96 6.35 (1) Headline EPS after elimination of impairment losses  amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  the main capital gains and losses on disposal and fair value adjustment of financial assets  the revaluation of earn-out payments and the settlement Rosetta/ Publicis Health LLC(2) This amount includes impairment losses on goodwill for euro 6 million and on right-of-use assets related to leases for euro 109 million in 2023. In 2022  impairment losses on goodwill were euro 19 million and euro 61 million on right-of-use assets related to leases.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.59,0.28,0.14,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Results', 'Publicis Groupe', 'additional 107 million euros cash tax payment', 'real estate consolidation charge', 'main IT consulting firms', 'main capital gains', 'free cash flow', 'working capital requirement', '2 JP Morgan rankings', 'holding company peers', 'second largest player', 'Maurice Lévy', 'Exchange rate variations', '+6.3% net revenue organic growth', 'Cash flow Statement', 'Industry-leading financial ratios', '18.0% operating margin rate', '+5% Operating margin rate', 'high operating margin', '+4 to +5% organic growth', 'challenging macroeconomic context', 'last four years', 'net cash impact', 'full year guidance', 'Full Year 2023 Results', '148 million euros', '110 million euros', '13,099 million euros', '12,572 million euros', '340 million euros', '100 million euros', 'Operating income', 'last 5 years', 'macroeconomic challenges', '15 billion euros', 'Income Statement', 'net impact', 'financial assets', 'negative impact', 'positive impact', 'Net income', 'Net debt', 'record year', 'new business', 'Rosetta settlement', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'changing environment', 'unique model', 'fifth year', 'market capitalization', 'outstanding efforts', 'new heights', 'Supervisory Board', '2023 annual accounts', 'Management Board', 'KEY FIGURES', 'Pass-through revenue', 'WC requirements', 'Balance Sheet', 'Total assets', 'impairment charges', 'fair value', 'average number', 'diluted basis', 'financial KPIs', 'FY 2023 Results', 'The Groupe', 'market share', 'Q4 2023 Revenue', 'transformation journey', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'percentages FY', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Groupe share', 'share data', '6 years', 'February', 'headline', 'EPS', 'dividend', 'FCF', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'pack', 'moment', 'clients', 'partners', 'difference', 'terms', '+4.7% CAGR', 'trust', 'people', 'position', 'uncertainties', 'confidence', 'ambition', 'EBITDA', 'Earnings', 'share2', 'elimination', 'amortization', 'intangibles', 'acquisitions', 'losses', 'disposals', 'revaluation', 'costs', 'shares', 'AGM', 'May', 'January', '2022 rates', 'period', 'H2', 'H1.', '2024', '60']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,globenewswire.com
36000,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALD-35837978/news/Ayvens-reports-FY-2023-results-45909303/,Ayvens reports FY 2023 results,(marketscreener.com) Press release Ayvens1 reports FY 2023 results2 Paris  8 February 2024 FY 2023 RESULTS Earning assets3 up 14.2% vs. end December 2022  underpinned by the sharp increase in vehicle value Leasing contract and Services margins at EUR 2 616.1 …,Press releaseAyvens1 reports FY 2023 results2Paris  8 February 2024FY 2023 RESULTSEarning assets3 up 14.2% vs. end December 2022  underpinned by the sharp increase in vehicle valueLeasing contract and Services margins at EUR 2 616.1 million  up 38.0% vs. 2022 and stable on a like-for-like basis4. Consolidation of LeasePlan  impact of reduction in depreciation costs (EUR +514.6 million) and marked to market (MtM) of hedging derivatives (EUR -186 million)Used car sales (UCS) result per unit at EUR 2 4005 in 2023 (vs. EUR 3 269 in 2022). ALD’s UCS result per unit at EUR 1 312 after the impact of reduction in depreciation costs6  in line with guidanceCost to income ratio7 at 63.7% vs. 53.2% in 2022Net income (group share) at EUR 816.2 million  down 32.8% compared to exceptionally high 2022 base. Impact of normalization of used car market  MtM of derivatives  costs to achieve and LeasePlan Purchase Price AllocationReturn on Tangible Equity (ROTE) at 12.4% in 2023 vs. 26.4% in 2022Earnings per share8 at EUR 1.07  vs. EUR 2.68 in 2022Proposed dividend9 of EUR 0.47 per share (payout ratio of 50%10)CET1 ratio at 12.5% as at end December 2023Q4 2023 RESULTSLeasing contract and Services margins at EUR 619.6 million  down 9.5% on a like for-like basis4. Negative impact of MtM of derivatives of LeasePlan (EUR -149.8 million) and pressure on marginsUCS result per unit5 at EUR 1 706  reflecting the normalization of the used car market  the 2023 impact of LeasePlan Purchase price Allocation accounted for in Q4 2023 (EUR -192.8 million) and the industry destocking of terminated vehiclesCost to income ratio11 at 69.1% vs. 58.5% in Q4 2022Net income (group share) at EUR 28.7 million  impacted by MtM of derivatives  pressure on margins  normalization of the used car market  industry destocking of terminated cars and amortization of the positive impact of PPA vs. exceptionally high EUR 284.7 million in Q4 2022LEASEPLAN INTEGRATION WELL ON TRACK2023 key milestones reachedSynergies and Costs to achieve confirmed“2023 was marked by the acquisition of LeasePlan and our teams’ commitment to become one and to lay the foundations for the successful creation of the leading global sustainability mobility player. In our PowerUP 2026 plan  we defined our strategy to shape the future of our industry and achieve excellence around our 4 priorities: clients  operational efficiency  responsibility and profitability. This plan is supported by state-of-the-art technology as well as our new global mobility brand ‘Ayvens’. A few months into the integration  I am grateful for the unwavering commitment of our employees who maintained the highest standards of customer service while efficiently implementing our integration plan  which progresses according to schedule.In the context of normalizing used car markets  higher inflation and volatile interest rates  Ayvens posted mixed financial results for a transition year  compared to an exceedingly high 2022 base  but confirmed its strong capital position. In accordance with our strategic plan  our teams are tackling these challenges head on and have undertaken decisive steps to restore our margins  reduce the volatility of our revenues and protect the value of our assets. I am confident that we can achieve this  thanks to our unique competitive position and proven agility  and that we will be able to see the benefits by the end of this year.”FY 2024 GUIDANCEIn a slow-growth European economy (+0.5% expected in 2024) where inflation converges towards more normal levels (+2.4%) and interest rates begin to decline (ECB refinancing rate expected at 3.25% as at end 2024)  Ayvens expects new car registrations to continue progressing compared to 2023 and the used car market to further normalize. As a result  Ayvens’ guidance for the full-year 2024 is as follows:Earning assets growth between +7% and +9% vs. end December 2023;UCS result per unit between EUR 1 100 and EUR 1 600 on average  excluding the negative impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA;Pre-tax P&L synergies of EUR 120 million (unchanged);Cost/income ratio excluding UCS results  non-recurring items and PPA: 65% to 67%;Costs to achieve (CTA) the integration of EUR 190 million (unchanged);Dividend payout of 50% 12 ;; CET1 ratio of c. 12%LeasePlan integration well on trackThe integration of LeasePlan progressed according to plan in 2023  paving the way for another key year of transformation in 2024. Ayvens confirms the generation of EUR 120 million pre-tax synergies in 2024  EUR 350 million in 2025 and annual run-rate synergies of EUR 440 million in 2026  alongside costs to achieve (CTA) of EUR 190 million in 2024 and EUR 37 million in 2025.Margin and procurement synergies‘Ayvens’  the global mobility brand was launched immediately after the announcement of the PowerUP 26 strategic plan  uniting ALD and LeasePlan together under a single identity and highlighting the new brand promise. The Company has arranged for a single team to face those clients which were previously served by both entities  reflecting its commitment to offer a seamless service and ensuring the highest level of customer satisfaction. Other initiatives  in the field of procurement  insurance  remarketing and IT integration were launched swiftly  allowing to secure EUR 38 million cash synergies at the end of 2023  slightly better than expectations (EUR 30 million). These cash synergies will materialize in the P&L from 2024.In addition to the alignment on pricing components and products  a number of common local and global tenders and negotiations are planned for 2024  e.g. OEM  tyre fitter  roadside assistance and end-of-life inspection.Cost synergies2024 is a key milestone for Ayvens  with the start of the merger of local entities  scheduled for the second quarter of the year  followed by the deployment of the new central and local new organization structure and the local IT integration  expected to stretch into 2025.Actions to restore profitabilityIn a structurally high-growth mobility market underpinned by clients’ shifting from ownership to usership  their requirement for full-service leasing solutions  their need for visibility over their costs and their commitment to reduce their carbon footprint  Ayvens is best positioned to provide value  as a multi-brand player offering the best-in-class product range and service quality. Bolstered by the acquisition of LeasePlan  its expertise and scale allow to lower clients’ total cost of mobility.In the context of high inflation and interest rates which negatively impacted its margins  Ayvens’ strengths in a growing market are key to successfully implement its strategic plan to improve its profitability:Increased pricing discipline thanks to the timely update of pricing parameters  the activation/inclusion of indexation clauses in new contracts (e.g. inflation) along with the repricing of contract extensions and modifications in the context of higher interest rates;Capital allocation according to profitability targets  based on a full portfolio review: countries  client segments  distribution channels and products;Better service penetration and upselling  by expanding value added services to clients: Electric  Light Commercial Vehicles  insurance;Excellence in operational efficiency  by improving asset utilization (flexible fleet  terminated vehicles) and managing better the order book.Used car market trendsAs the leading global industry player  Ayvens supports the transition to more sustainable mobility. Out of 2.7 million funded fleet as at 31 December 2023  11% were Battery Electric Vehicles (BEV)  9% were Plug-in hybrids (PHEV) while the rest was split between Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) and other powertrains13. The combination of stricter European regulations  clients’ interest in environmental matters and rising energy costs confirms that the transition to Electric Vehicles (EV) is structural. Ayvens primarily addresses corporate and SME clients  which are highly committed to reach their ESG targets through long-term leasing contracts (average duration of c. 4 years).BEV benefits from the powerful combination of lower carbon emissions and competitive Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) in the most advanced countries14. However  the increase in new car deliveries and the better affordability are expected to have an impact on used car prices.Meanwhile  the sustained shortage of used ICE and PHEV vehicles  together with drivers’ interest in flexibility until stricter regulations come into force and access to charging infrastructure and technology improve  are factors expected to support a gradual normalization of their used car markets.Against this backdrop  the current BEV used car sales losses are in line with Ayvens’ fleet valuation assumptions. However  the Company has launched a number of actions to proactively manage its asset risk in a changing environment. Regarding the existing portfolio  prudent historical residual values on ICE are expected to allow offset future potential deterioration on EV used car prices.Building an optimized digital platformLeasePlan’s NGDA15 program was launched in 2019 to deliver a harmonized and standardized global digital architecture. The first phase of the program consisted of an initial rollout to three entities with the intention of then rolling out the platform across the rest of the group.Following a strategic review of the program and with consideration for the existing global digital assets across the combined group  a decision has been made to stop new developments across the NGDA perimeter. A significant portion of the technology assets  most notably market facing with customers and suppliers will be retained and redeployed across all Ayvens entities in due course and going forward Ayvens will leverage the existing back-office systems of ALD which are modern and fit for purpose. The extension of Ayvens’ industrialized technology integration layer  already well used across the ALD legacy perimeter  will support the integration process and the accelerated deployment of the global digital platform from 2026 and beyond.This new approach will allow the Company to significantly lower its capex (c. EUR -100 million between 2024 and 2026) and will result in a significant reduction in external IT contractors (c. -600 by end of 2024 vs May 2023). As a result of this digital strategy  Ayvens remains fully committed to deliver the optimum customer experience supported by best-in-class digital platforms leveraging the best talents and most powerful technology in the industry.Q4 AND FY 2023 FINANCIAL RESULTSAsset growth driven by sharp increase in vehicle valueCommercial activity remained strong  with earning assets up by 14.2% year-on-year16 to EUR 52.0 billion as at 31 December 2023. Growth was primarily driven by inflation on car prices and the transition to EV  which have a higher value than ICE cars.Continuing the positive trends of the previous quarters  Ayvens’ total fleet stood at 3 420 thousand as at end December 2023  up by 3.0%16 compared to end December 2022  reflecting the dynamic demand for mobility services.Full-service leasing contracts reached 2 709 thousand vehicles as at end December 2023  up 3.2%17 year-on-year  in line with the guidance of +2% to +4% funded fleet growth. Thanks to increased registrations of new cars  the order book continued its normalization from the peak observed at the end of 2022.Fleet management contracts increased by +2.1%17 vs. December 2022  to reach 710 thousand vehicles.EV penetration reached 35%17 of new passenger car registrations over 2023 (vs. European market at 23%18 in 2023)  of which 38% in Q4 2023 alone. Ayvens’ BEV and PHEV penetration stood at 21% and 13% respectively in 2023.Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) impactsThe allocation of LeasePlan’s purchase price to acquired assets and assumed liabilities as at the date of acquisition closing (22 May 2023) led Ayvens to revise upwards the value of LeasePlan’s net assets19 by c. EUR 230 million  as a result of the assessment of LeasePlan’s assets and liabilities at fair value20:Lease assets c. EUR +380 million;Customer relationship c. EUR +150 million 21 ;; Software c. EUR -200 million;Other assets and liabilities c. EUR -100 million.LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation had a EUR -57.2 million impact on Ayvens’ 2023 income statement  primarily due to higher rental fleet depreciation as a result of the lease assets’ upwards valuation  whose impact is partially offset by lower software amortization and the recognition of LeasePlan’s actual Used Car Sales results. Beyond 2023  Ayvens expect a limited impact on the income statement  if actual sales prices are in line with its PPA assumptions.Subject to any final Purchase Price Allocation and/or acquisition price adjustment within one year from closing22  the goodwill recognized on the acquisition was reduced by c. EUR 220 million23 to c. EUR 1 390 million. This had a positive impact on the CET1 capital of c. EUR 220 million  in line with previous indications.Reported performance (post PPA  including LeasePlan from 22 May 2023)FY 2023 FY 2022 Q4 202324 Q4 2022 In EUR millionTotal contracts ('000) 3 420 1 806 3 420 1 806 Full service leasing contracts 2 709 1 464 2 709 1 464 Fleet management contracts 710 342 710 342 In EUR million Leasing contract margin 1 261.9 1 181.2 167.3 428.1 Services margin 1 354.2 715.1 452.3 197.3 Leasing contract & Services margins 2 616.1 1 896.2 619.6 625.5 Used car sales result 349.5 747.6 (9.8) 123.9 Gross Operating Income 2 965.6 2 643.9 609.9 749.4 Total operating expenses (1 591.6) (882.7) (510.8) (259.6) Cost / Income ratio excl. UCS 60.8% 46.5% 82.4% 41.5% Cost of risk (70.7) (46.1) (24.4) (13.8) Non-recurring income (expenses) (14.1) (50.6) (18.7) (50.6) Operating result 1 289.3 1 664.5 56.0 425.4 Share of profit of associates and jointly controlled entities 6.4 1.7 1.6 0.3 Profit before tax 1 295.7 1 666.1 57.6 425.7 Income tax expense (374.0) (446.0) (18.3) (138.8) Result from discontinued operations (77.6) 0.0 (0.2) 0.0 Non-controlling interests (27.9) (4.7) (10.4) (2.1) Net Income group share 816.2 1 215.5 28.7 1.7The following comments apply to actual (reported) figures  where:LeasePlan is consolidated from 22 May 2023  ALD Russia is deconsolidated from 20 April 2023  while ALD’s subsidiaries in Portugal  Ireland  Norway (except NF Fleet) and LeasePlan’s subsidiaries in Czech Republic  Finland and Luxembourg are deconsolidated from 1 August 2023;LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation is applied from acquisition date  i.e. 22 May 2023. The 2023 impact is fully accounted for in Q4 2023.In a normalizing used car market and after the amortization of PPA  Ayvens recorded a modest Q4 2023 financial performance against a high Q4 2022 base  which was driven by exceptionally high used car prices.Leasing contract margins and Services marginsTaken together  Leasing contract and Services margins (Total margins) reached EUR 2 616.1 million in 2023  an increase of 38.0% compared to 2022. Out of this amount  the contribution of LeasePlan since the acquisition closing was EUR 893.8 million25.Leasing contract margin was boosted by the reduction in depreciation costs26 at ALD (EUR +514.6 million vs. EUR +350.3 million in 2022). As a result of continued high estimated used car prices  depreciation has been adjusted or stopped for those vehicles whose sales proceeds are forecast to be in excess of their net book value. The reduction in depreciation costs equals the difference between the contractual amortization costs and the revised amortization cost. It anticipates in the Leasing contract margin part of Used car sales results which would otherwise be recorded later.Leasing contract margin was negatively impacted by the marked to market (MtM) of derivatives for EUR - 186.0 million in 2023  due to the decrease in interest rates and the pull to par of the derivatives book. The stock of MtM of derivatives was EUR +78 million as at 31 December 2023.Ayvens holds a book of derivatives  initially from LeasePlan  whose purpose is to hedge the interest and foreign exchange rates exposure  when the profile of funding cannot be matched with that of the lease contract portfolio. While the Company is economically hedged  there can be accounting mismatches as operating leases do not qualify for hedge accounting under IFRS rules and hence associated derivatives (receiver of floating rates) are fair valued through income statement. MtM of derivatives results from interest rate movements (e.g. as net receiver of floating rate  positive MtM when interest rates rise) and reverses towards the derivative’s maturity (pull to par). In Q4 2023  the Company de-designated the micro-fair value hedging (MFVH) relation of the swaps (payer or floating rates) associated with bond issues. As a result  Ayvens improved the compensation of fair values in its derivatives portfolio. Consequently  the sensitivity of the derivatives portfolio27 to a +10 / -10 bps parallel shift (without impact of convergence to par) decreased to EUR +10m/EUR -10m in the income statement.Other non-operating items impacting Leasing contract margin totalled EUR +77.8 million (vs. EUR +128.4 million in 2022):Fleet revaluation of EUR +38.6 million vs. EUR +72.2 million in 2022;Hyperinflation in Turkey EUR +39.2 million vs. EUR +59.9 million in 2022. The hyperinflation regime in Turkey is likely to create revenues volatility over the coming months;There was no adjustment to the provision in Ukraine in 2023 (vs. a EUR -3.6 million provision in 2022).Ayvens’ Q4 202328 total margins came in at EUR 619.6 million  stable vs. Q4 2022 despite the contribution of LeasePlan (EUR 351.2 million29)  due to: i) lower reduction in depreciation costs (EUR +88.9m vs EUR +220.3m in Q4 2022)  ii) the negative impact of MtM derivatives for EUR -137.4 million  iii) pressure on margins and iv) hyperinflation in Turkey of EUR -26.5 million vs. EUR +3.4 million in Q4 2022  reflecting the deviation between used cars prices and the general prices index in a hyperinflated country.Used car sales (UCS) resultsAyvens’ 2023 UCS result reached EUR 349.5 million  lower than last year’s exceptionally high level of EUR 747.6 million  as a result of:The normalization of the used car market;The negative impact of reduction in depreciation costs in previous quarters: EUR -536.1 million  (of which EUR -312.2 million for ALD and EUR -223.9 million for LeasePlan 30 ) vs. EUR -110.9 million in 2022);) vs. EUR -110.9 million in 2022); Industry destocking of terminated vehicles to improve operating efficiency and;The impact of LeasePlan PPA (EUR -192.8 million since 22 May 2023).Ayvens’ UCS result per unit31 excluding the negative impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA came in at EUR 2 400 per unit in 2023 on total volumes of 449 thousand cars sold  vs. EUR 3 269 per unit on 263 thousand cars sold in 2022.ALD’s UCS result per unit32 including the negative impact of reduction in depreciation costs in previous quarters was EUR 1 312 per unit in 2023 (in line with the guidance of EUR 1 200-1 600 guidance provided earlier) vs. EUR 2 846 per unit in 2022. Had ALD not recorded any reduction in depreciation costs to reflect exceptionally high used car prices in previous quarters  UCS result per unit would have stood at EUR 2 344 in 2023 (compared to EUR 3 269 in 2022).As at 31 December 2023  Ayvens’ stock of reduction in depreciation costs yet to be reversed over the coming years was EUR 622.0 million (of which EUR 331.3 million to be reversed in 2024) hence having a negative impact on future UCS profits. Out of this amount  ALD’s stock of reduction in depreciation costs yet to be reversed over the coming years was EUR 441.8 million a at 31 December 2023  of which EUR 235.1 million to be reversed in 2024.Consequently  Ayvens’ Gross Operating Income (GOI) reached EUR 2 965.6 million in 2023  up 12.2% vs. 2022. The impact of reduction in depreciation costs  net of the negative impact on UCS results was EUR +202.4 million on GOI over the full year (vs. EUR +239.4 million in 2022).Ayvens’ UCS results came in at EUR -9.8 million in Q4 2023 (vs. EUR +123.9 million in Q4 2022)  impacted by: i) the normalization of the used car market  ii) the negative impact from reduction costs in previous quarters (EUR -86.3 million in ALD and EUR -223.9 million in LeasePlan’s balance sheet at the closing of the transaction)  iii) the industry destocking of terminated vehicles and iv) the amortization of LeasePlan’s positive PPA (EUR - 192.8 million PPA impact since 22 May 2023  fully allocated to Q4 2023). Excluding the impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA  Ayvens’ UCS result per unit  stood at EUR 1 706 in Q4 2023  compared to EUR 3 054 in Q4 2022. ALD’s UCS result per unit excluding the impact of reduction in depreciation costs amounted to EUR 1 453 in Q4 2023.Operating expensesOperating expenses amounted to EUR 1 591.6 million in 2023  up from EUR 882.7 million in the same period last year  mainly driven by LeasePlan’s contribution from 22 May 2023 onwards for EUR 651.1 million  costs to achieve of EUR 170.0 million (vs. EUR 128.0 million in 2022) as well as the cost of being regulated.In Q4 2023  Ayvens’ operating expenses amounted to EUR 510.8 million  up from EUR 259.6 million in the same period last year  mainly due to the consolidation of LeasePlan (EUR 285.7 million). CTA accounted for EUR 45.0 million in the quarter (vs. EUR 44.3 million in Q4 2022).As a result  the Cost/Income ratio (excl. UCS result) stood at 60.8% in 2023 vs. 46.5% in 2022 (82.4% in Q4 2023  vs. 41.5% in Q4 2022).Cost of riskImpairment charges on receivables came in at EUR 70.7 million in 2023  compared to EUR 46.1 million in 2022. The cost of risk33 remained low at 18 bps (19 bps in Q4 2023) compared to 20 bps in 2022.Net incomeNon-recurring result came in at EUR -14.1 million in 2023  driven by a goodwill impairment on Fleetpool  the subscription subsidiary in Germany  for EUR 23.7 million. Last year’s non-recurring result was related to the impairment of ALD Russia and ALD Belarus for EUR -50.6 million.Income tax expense decreased to EUR 374.0 million  down from EUR 446.0 million in 2022. The effective tax rate increased to 28.9% from 26.8% in 2022  due to non-deductible non-recurring expenses and the taxation of intra-group operations.Result from discontinued operations amounted to EUR -77.6 million  mainly driven by the loss from the disposal of ALD Russia on 20 April 2023  which was only partially offset by the gain on the sale of ALD’s entities in Portugal  Ireland and Norway on 1 August 2023.Non-controlling interests were EUR -27.9 million compared to EUR -4.7 million in 2022. The increase is due to the consolidation of LeasePlan  whose AT1 coupon payments to third parties are accounted for as non-controlling interests.Ayvens’ net income group share reached EUR 816.2 million in 2023  down by 32.8 % from the exceptionally high base of EUR 1 215.5 million in 2022. It was EUR 28.7 million in Q4 2023  down by 89.9% compared to EUR 284.7 million in Q4 2022  mainly on the back of the normalization of the used car market  lower reduction in depreciation costs  the negative marked-to-market on derivatives and the 2023 impact of PPA which was fully allocated to Q4 2023.Diluted Earnings per share34 was EUR 1.07 vs. EUR 2.68 in 2022.The Return on Average Earning Assets35 decreased to 2.0% in 2023 from the exceptionally high level of 5.1% in 2022 which was lifted by exceedingly favourable used car prices.The Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE) came in at 12.4% in 2023  down from 26.4% in 2022. ROTE was 0.6% in Q4 2023 vs. 23.5% in Q4 2022.Like-for-like performanceFor illustration purposes  management information is provided in appendix to assess the like-for-like performance of Ayvens:Q4 and FY 2023 with LeasePlan included over the full period (whereas LeasePlan was consolidated from 22 May 2023 only);Q4 and FY 2022 with LeasePlan included over the full period (whereas LeasePlan was consolidated from 22 May 2023 only and hence not consolidated in the reported Q4 and FY 2022 figures);Q4 2022  FY 2022  Q4 2023 and FY 2023 without ALD’s subsidiaries in Russia  Belarus  Portugal  Ireland  Norway (except NF Fleet)  LeasePlan’s subsidiaries in Czech Republic  Finland and Luxembourg (whereas they were actually deconsolidated on 20 April 2023 and 1 August 2023 respectively);LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) impacts included from acquisition closing date  ie 22 May 2023.These illustrative 2022 and 2023 income statements should not be considered as representative of the results which the combined Group would have achieved  nor of future results. Actual results may differ significantly from those reflected in these illustrative income statements for several reasons  including  but not limited to  differences in actual conditions compared to the assumptions used to prepare these illustrative income statements.Total margins (Leasing contract margin and services margin) excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact would have been EUR 2 803.5 million in 2023  stable vs. 2022 (EUR 2 823.0 million) on a like-for-like basis.Pressure on margins36 expressed as a % of average earning assets was observed in 2023  due to high inflation and interest rates  which could not be fully transferred to customers and contract extensions in a context of delayed car deliveries. This pressure is expected to reverse from the second half of 2024  due to the length of the order book  as Ayvens implements the aforementioned plan to improve its margins.Used car sales profit excluding the impact of the reduction in depreciation costs and PPA impact would have decreased by 11.4% from 2022  at EUR 1 343.2 million  on the back of the normalization of the used car market at a still high level and exceptional accelerated sale of terminated vehicles at the end of 2023.Gross operating income excluding non-recuring items and PPA impact would have been down by 4.4% vs 2022  at EUR 4 146.7 million.Operating expenses excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact would have amounted to EUR 1 791.8 million in 2023  an increase of 10.5% vs. 2022. The Cost/Income ratio  excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact would have reached 63.9% vs. 57.4% in 2022  mainly due to costs of being regulated and almost stable margin revenues.In Q4 2023  total margins excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact would have been EUR 658.7 million  down 9.5% compared to Q4 2022 on a like-for-like basis. Used car sales result before the impacts of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA would have been up by 32.6% vs. Q4 2022  due to the allocation to the Q4 2023 income statement  of LeasePlan’s used car sales results since the acquisition closing  while Gross operating income excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact would have been EUR 1 151.9 million  up by 4.7% compared to Q4 2022. Operating expenses excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact would have been stable (+1.7%) at EUR 454.8 million vs. Q4 2022  while the Cost/Income ratio excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact would have reached 69.1%  up 7.7 percentage points vs. 2022.Shareholder distributionThe Board of Directors has decided to propose to the General Meeting of Shareholders to distribute a dividend of EUR 0.47 per share in respect of the 2023 financial year  compared to EUR 1.06 the previous year. This amount corresponds to Ayvens’ PowerUP 2026 objective of paying 50% of net income group share37 to its shareholders. Conditional on this approval  the dividend will be detached on 31 May 2024 and paid on 4 June 2024.BALANCE SHEET AND REGULATORY CAPITALFinancial structureGroup shareholders’ equity38 totalled EUR 10.1 billion as at 31 December 2023 (vs. EUR 6.9 billion as at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 12.33 and net tangible asset value per share was EUR 9.03 as at 31 December 2023.Total balance sheet increased from EUR 31.3 billion as at 31 December 2022 to EUR 70.3 billion as at 31 December 2023  on the back of the integration of LeasePlan and the increase in earning assets  underpinned by the continued growth of EVs which have a higher value.Earning assets continued to grow strongly  reaching EUR 52.0 billion as at 31 December 2023  vs. EUR 23.9 billion a year ago.Financial debt39 stood at EUR 37.6 billion at the end of December 2023 (vs. EUR 19.9 billion at the end of December 202240)  while deposits reached EUR 11.8 billion. 33% of the financial debt consisted of loans from Societe Generale as at end 2023.As part of its active liquidity management strategy  Ayvens continued to diversify its funding by issuing a EUR 500 million senior preferred bond in November 2023. The funding raised during Q4 2023 brings bonds issued over the full year to total EUR 4.35 billion and confirms the market’s strong appetite for Ayvens debt instruments. Ayvens has a EUR 4 billion to EUR 5 billion funding program planned for 2024. This program is well advanced: including the pre-funding in 2023  c. 40% of the program are already achieved.The combined entity has access to ample short-term liquidity  with cash holdings at Central bank reaching EUR 3.5 billion and an undrawn committed Revolving Credit Facility of EUR 1.375 billion in place.The Company has strong long-term credit ratings from Moody’s (A1)  S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings (A-)  which were upgraded to the single A category upon the acquisition of LeasePlan.Regulatory capitalAyvens’ risk-weighted assets (RWA) totalled EUR 57.4 billion as at 31 December 2023 under CRR2/CRD5 rules  with credit risk-weighted assets accounting for 85% of the total. The 2.5% increase compared to 30 September 2023 is mainly explained by organic growth (earning assets growth and reduction in order book: EUR +1 billion) and the annual update of operational risk related RWA (+EUR 0.6 billion).Ayvens had a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 12.5% and Total Capital ratio of 16.4% as at 31 December 2023 (compared to 12.3% and 16.3% respectively as at 30 September 2023).CONFERENCE CALL FOR INVESTORS AND ANALYSTSDate: 8 February  at 10.00 am Paris time – 9.00 am London time8 February  at 10.00 am Paris time – 9.00 am London time Speakers: Tim Albertsen  CEO / John Saffrett  Deputy CEO / Patrick Sommelet  Deputy CEO and CFOCONNECTION DETAILSWebcast: Click https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/5qusow9iClick Conference call: FR: +33 1 70 91 87 04 UK: +44 121 281 8004 US: +1 718 705 8796 Access code: 457698AGENDA3 May 2024: Q1 2024 resultsQ1 2024 results 14 May 2024: General assembly of shareholdersGeneral assembly of shareholders 31 May 2024: Dividend detachmentDividend detachment 4 June 2024: Dividend paymentDividend payment 1 August 2024: Q2 and H1 2024 resultsAbout Ayvens Ayvens is the leading global sustainable mobility player committed to making life flow better. We’ve been improving mobility for decades  providing full-service leasing  flexible subscription services  fleet management and multi-mobility solutions to large international corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals. With 15 700 employees across 43 countries  3.4 millionvehicles and the world’s largest multi-brand EV fleet we’re leveraging our unique position to lead the way to net zero and spearhead the digital transformation of the mobility sector. The company is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: ALD). Societe Generale Group is Ayvens majority shareholder.Find out more at ayvens.comPress Contacts Stephanie JonvilleChief Communications OfficerTel: +33 (0)6 46 14 81 90stephanie.jonville@ayvens.comThe information contained in this document (the “Information”) has been prepared by ALD (the “Company”) solely for informational purposes. The Information is proprietary to the Company. This presentation and its content may not be reproduced or distributed or published  directly or indirectly  in whole or in part  to any other person for any purpose without the prior written permission of the Company.“Ayvens” refers to the Company and its consolidated entities.The Information is not an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument or to participate in any trading strategy  and does not constitute a recommendation of  or advice regarding investment in  any security or an offer to provide  or solicitation with respect to  any securities-related services of the Company. This presentation is information given in a summary form and does not purport to be complete. It is not intended to be relied upon as advice to investors or potential investors and does not take into account the investment objectives  financial situation or needs of any particular investor. Investors should consult the relevant offering documentation  with or without professional advice when deciding whether an investment is appropriate.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Company. These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union. These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Company may be unable to:anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although the Company believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in the Company’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of the Company’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  opinion  projection  forecast or estimate set forth herein. More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect the Company’s financial results can be found in the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Company when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. To the maximum extent permitted by law  none of the Company or any of its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees shall bear any liability (in negligence or otherwise) for any direct or indirect loss or damage which may be suffered by any recipient through use or reliance on anything contained in or omitted from this document and the related presentation or any other information or material arising from any use of these presentation materials or their contents or otherwise arising in connection with these materials.The estimated unaudited consolidated financial information presented for the year ending 31 December 2023 was reviewed by the Board of Directors on 7 February 2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at this date. The audit procedures carried out by the Statutory Auditors on the consolidated financial statements are in progress. The Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023 are expected to be closed by the Board of Directors by end March 2024.By receiving this document and/or attending the presentation  you will be deemed to have represented  warranted and undertaken to have read and understood the above notice and to comply with its contents.AppendixCONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTin EUR million Q4 2023 Q4 202241 Q Var. FY 2023 FY 2022 FY Var. Leasing contract revenues 2 599.8 1 231.8 111.1% 8 033.7 4 803.9 67.2% Leasing Contract Costs - Depreciation (1 933.1) (725.8) 166.3% (5 685.7) (3 433.1) 65.6% Leasing Contract Costs - Financing (437.3) (84.1) 419.8% (1 044.7) (244.1) 327.9% Unrealised Gains/Losses on Financial xxInstruments (62.1) 6.3 na (41.4) 54.5 na Leasing Contract Margin 167.3 428.1 -60.9% 1 261.9 1 181.2 6.8% Services Revenues 1 376.4 744.5 84.9% 4 391.2 2 657.4 65.2% Cost of Services Revenues (924.1) (547.2) 68.9% (3 037.0) (1 942.3) 56.4% Services Margin 452.3 197.3 129.2% 1 354.2 715.1 89.4% Leasing Contract and Services Margins 619.6 625.5 -0.9% 2 616.1 1 896.2 38.0% Proceeds of Cars Sold 2 104.3 963.8 118.3% 6 458.8 3 953.6 63.4% Cost of Cars Sold (2 114.1) (839.9) 151.7% (6 109.3) (3 205.9) 90.6% Used Car Sales result (9.8) 123.9 -107.9% 349.5 747.6 -53.2% Gross Operating Income 609.9 749.4 -18.6% 2 965.6 2 643.9 12.2% Staff Expenses (301.8) (147.4) 104.7% (936.1) (517.8) 80.8% General and Administrative Expenses (165.5) (92.2) 79.6% (519.5) (298.1) 74.2% Depreciation and Amortisation (43.5) (20.0) 117.5% (136.0) (66.7) 103.8% Total Operating Expenses (510.8) (259.6) 96.8% (1 591.6) (882.7) 80.3% Cost/Income ratio (excl UCS) 82.4% 41.5% 98.6% 60.8% 46.5% 30.7% Impairment Charges on Receivables (24.4) (13.8) 76.9% (70.7) (46.1) 53.1% Other income 7.2 0.0 11.8 0.0 Non-Recurring Income (Expenses) (25.9) 0.0 (25.8) (0.0) Operating Result 56.0 425.4 -86.8% 1 289.3 1 664.5 -22.5% Share of Profit of Associates and Jointly xxControlled Entities 1.6 0.3 471.5% 6.4 1.7 283.7% Profit Before Tax 57.6 425.7 -86.5% 1 295.7 1 666.1 -22.2% Income Tax Expense (18.3) (138.8) -86.8% (374.0) (446.0) -16.1% Result from discontinued operations (0.2) 0.0 (77.6) 0.0 Profit for the Period 39.1 286.9 -86.4% 844.1 1 220.2 -30.8% Net income 39.1 286.9 -86.4% 844.1 1 220.2 -30.8% Non-controlling interests 10.4 2.1 387.1% 27.9 4.7 494.9% Net income group share 28.7 284.7 -89.9% 816.2 1 215.5 -32.8%DETAILS OF OPERATING INCOME COMPONENTS IN REPORTED P&LQ4 2022(1) Q4 2023 FY 2022(1) FY 2023 In EUR million ALD Ayvens ALD Ayvens Leasing contract margin o/w Reduction in depreciation costs 220.3 88.9 350.3 514.6 o/w Non operating items 37.3 (145.7) 126.6 (108.3) Fleet revaluation 12.5 18.2 72.2 38.6 Hyperinflation in Turkey 3.4 (26.5) 59.9 39.2 Provision in Ukraine 21.4 0.0 (3.6) (0) MtM of derivatives (0.0) (137.4) (1.8) (186.0) o/w PPA 0 17.7 0 17.7 o/w Tier 2 cost (27.8) - (65.6) Operating expenses o/w Cost to achieve (44.3) (45.0) (128.0) (170.0) o/w Transaction and rebranding costs 0.0 (21.4) 0.0 (36.2)Restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 2023BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023In EUR million 31 December 2023 31 December 2022(1) Earning assets 52 025 23 943 o/w Rental fleet 49 765 23 227 o/w Financial lease receivables 2 260 716 Cash & Cash deposits with the ECB 3 997 253 Intangibles (incl. goodwill) 2 695 745 Operating lease and other receivables 8 796 3 514 Other 2 748 1 762 Assets of disposal group classified as held-for-sale 0 1 085 Total assets 70 261 31 302 Group shareholders' equity 10 826 6 876 o/w Group shareholders’ equity excl. AT1 10 076 6 876 Tangible shareholders’ equity 7 362 6 146 o/w AT1(2) 750 0 Non-controlling interests 526 37 o/w non controlling interests excl. AT1 28 37 o/w non controlling interests - AT1(3) 498 0 Total equity 11 352 6 912 Deposits 11 785 0 Financial debt 37 627 19 874 Trade and other payables 6 035 2 929 Other liabilities 3 463 1 360 Liabilities of disposal group classified as held-for-sale 0 227 Total liabilities and equity 70 261 31 302 Restated for initial application of IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” to insurance subsidiaries from 1 January 2023 AT1 issued by ALD and subscribed by parent Societe Generale AT1 issued by LeasePlan and subscribed by external partiesEARNINGS PER SARE (EPS) AND DIVIDEND PER SHARE (DPS)Basic EPS FY 2023 FY 2022 Existing shares 816 960 428 565 745 096 Shares allocated to cover stock options and shares awarded to staff -1 114 336 -1 045 448 Treasury shares in liquidity contracts -154 551 -128 454 End of period number of shares 815 691 541 564 571 194 Weighted average number of shares used for EPS calculation(1) (A) 711 058 063 451 995 288 in EUR million Net income group share 816.2 1 215.5(2) Deduction of interest on AT1 capital -45.0 0.0 Net Income group share after deduction of interest on AT1 capital (B) 771.2 1 215.5 . Basic EPS (in EUR) (B/A) 1.08 2.69 DPS (in EUR) 0.47 1.06 Diluted EPS FY 2023 FY 2022 Existing shares 816 960 428 565 745 096 Shares issued for no consideration(3) 18 216 718 0 End of period number of shares 835 177 146 565 745 096 Weighted average number of shares used for EPS calculation(1) (A’) 722 913 792 453 169 190 Diluted EPS (in EUR) (B/A’) 1.07 2.68 Average number of shares weighted by time apportionment Restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 2023 Assuming exercise of warrants  as per IAS 33Return on tangible equity (ROTE)in EUR million Q4 2023 Q4 2022 FY 2023 FY 2022 Group shareholders' equity 10 826.1 6 875.5 10 826.1 6 875.5 AT1 capital (750.0) 0.0 (750.0) 0.0 Dividend provision and interest on AT1 capital(1) (422.8) (598.8) (422.8) (598.8) OCI excluding conversion reserves 24.3 (35.5) 24.3 (35.5) Equity base for ROE calculation end of period 9 677.6 6 241.2 9 677.6 6 241.2 Goodwill 1 990.9 618.6 1 990.9 618.6 Intangible assets 703.9 126.6 703.9 126.6 Average equity base for ROE calculation 9 680.6 5 596.4 7 959.4 5 311.3 Average Goodwill (2 191.7) (624.8) (1 304.7) (597.3) Average Intangible assets (651.2) (116.7) (415.3) (107.7) Average tangible equity for ROTE calculation 6 837.7 4 854.9 6 239.4 4 606.3 Group net income after non-controlling interests 28.7 284.7 816.2 1 215.5 Interest on AT1 capital (18.5) 0.0 (45.0) 0.0 Adjusted Group net income 10.2 284.7 771.2 1 215.5 ROTE 0.6% 23.5% 12.4% 26.4% The dividend provision assumes a payout ratio of 50% of net Income group share  after deduction of interest on AT1 capitalCRR2/CRD5 prudential capital ratios and Risk Weighted Assetsin EUR million 31 December 2023 30 September 2023 30 June 2023 Group shareholder’s equity 10 826 10 841 10 585 AT1 capital -750 (750) (750) Dividend provision & interest on AT1 capital(1) (423) (399) (280) Goodwill and intangible (2 695) (2 991) (2 925) Deductions and regulatory adjustments 183 196 153 Common Equity Tier 1 capital 7 141 6 897 6 783 AT1 capital 750 750 750 Tier 1 capital 7 891 7 648 7 533 Tier 2 capital 1 500 1 500 1 500 Total capital (Tier 1 + Tier 2) 9 391 9 148 9 033 Risk-Weighted Assets 57 377 56 002 54 293 Credit Risk Weighted Assets 49 034 48 097 46 039 Market Risk Weighted Assets 1 993 2 362 2 558 Operational Risk Weighted Assets 6 350 5 543 5 696 Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 12.5% 12.3% 12.5% Tier 1 ratio 13.8% 13.7% 13.9% Total Capital ratio 16.4% 16.3% 16.6% The dividend provision assumes a payout ratio of 50% of Net Income group share  after deduction of interest on AT1 capitalTangible book value per sharein EUR million 31 December 2023 30 September 2023 30 June 2023 Group shareholders' equity 10 826 10 841 10 585 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (750) (750) (750) Interest of deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (1) (37) (19) (0) Book value of treasury shares 18 18 18 Net Asset Value (NAV) 10 057 10 091 9 853 Goodwill (1990.9) (2 392) (2 363) Intangible assets (703.9) (598) (562) Net Tangible Asset Value (NTAV) 7 362 7 100 6 928 Number of shares (1) 815 691 541 815 699 794 815 705 590 NAV per share 12.33 12.37 12.08 NTAV per share 9.03 8.70 8.49 The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybackLIKE-FOR-LIKE PERFORMANCELIKE-FOR-LIKE MARGINSFY 2022 FY 2023 Variation Variation % In EUR million ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens Leasing contract and services margins 1 817.7 2 230.4 4 048.0 1 902.3 1 500.5 3 403.1 84.9 -729.9 -645.0 4.7% -32.7% -15.9% Reduction in depreciation costs 350.3 435.0 785.3 514.6 177.9 692.5 164.3 -257.1 -270.7 Fleet revaluation 72.2 0.0 72.2 38.6 0.0 38.6 -33.6 0.0 -33.6 Hyperinflation in Turkey 59.9 66.0 125.9 24.1 35.0 59.1 -35.7 -31.0 -66.7 Ukraine provision -3.6 0.0 -3.6 0.0 0.0 0.0 3.6 0.0 3.6 MtM of derivatives -1.8 247.0 245.2 15.8 -224.2 -208.4 17.6 -471.2 -453.6 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 17.7 17.7 0.0 17.7 17.7 Underlying leasing contract and services margins (excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact) 1 340.7 1 482.4 2 823.0 1 309.5 1 494.0 2 803.5 -31.3 11.6 -19.6 -2.3% 0.8% -0.7%Q4 2022 Q4 2023 Variation Variation % In EUR million ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens Leasing contract and services margins 605.1 624.8 1 229.9 388.2 231.4 619.6 -217.0 -393.4 -610.3 -35.9% -63.0% -49.6% Reduction in depreciation costs 220.3 242.2 462.5 88.9 0.0 88.9 164.3 -435.0 -270.7 Fleet revaluation 12.5 0.0 12.5 18.2 0.0 18.2 -33.5 0.0 -33.5 Hyperinflation in Turkey 3.4 16.0 19.4 -27.5 1.0 -26.5 -35.7 -31.0 -66.7 Ukraine provision 21.4 0.0 21.4 0.0 0.0 0.0 3.6 0.0 3.6 MtM of derivatives 0.0 -13.8 -13.8 12.4 -149.8 -137.4 17.6 -471.2 -453.6 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 17.7 17.7 0.0 17.7 17.7 Underlying leasing contract and services margins (excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact) 347.6 380.4 728.0 296.2 362.5 658.7 -51.4 -17.9 -69.3 -14.8% -4.7% -9.5%LIKE-FOR-LIKE OPERATING INCOMEFY 2022 FY 2023 Variation Variation % In EUR million ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens Leasing contract and services margins 1 817.7 2 230.4 4 048.0 1 902.3 1 500.5 3 403.1 84.9 -729.9 -645.0 4.7% -32.7% -15.9% Reduction in depreciation costs(1) 350.3 435.0 785.3 514.6 177.9 692.5 164.3 -257.1 -270.7 Non-operating items 126.6 313.0 439.6 78.5 -189.2 -110.7 -48.1 -502.2 -550.3 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 17.7 17.7 0.0 17.7 17.7 Underlying leasing contract and services margins (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) 1 340.7 1 482.4 2 823.0 1 309.5 1 494.0 2 803.5 -31.3 11.6 -19.6 -2.3% 0.8% -0.7% Used car sales result 685.2 602.4 1 287.6 397.0 38.8 354.4 -288.2 -536.6 -851.9 Impact of reduction in depreciation costs -110.9 -117.0 -228.2 -312.2 -402.5 -714.7 -201.3 -285.5 -486.8 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 -192.8 -192.8 0.0 -192.8 -192.8 Underlying used car sales result (excluding the impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA impact) 796.1 719.4 1 515.5 709.2 634.0 1 343.2 -86.9 -85.4 -172.3 -10.9% -11.9% -11.4% Gross operating income 2 502.9 2 832.8 5 335.7 2 299.6 1 539.3 3 838.9 -203.3 -1 293.5 -1 496.8 -8.1% -45.7% -28.1% Underlying gross operating income (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) 2 137.2 2 201.8 4 339.0 2 018.7 2 128.0 4 146.7 -118.2 -73.8 -192.0 -5.5% -3.4% -4.4% Margins excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact  as a percentage of average earning assetsQ4 2022 Q4 2023 Variation Variation % In EUR million ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens ALD LeasePlan Ayvens Leasing contract and services margins 605.1 624.8 1 229.9 388.2 231.4 619.6 -217.0 -393.4 -610.3 -35.9% -63.0% -49.6% Reduction in depreciation costs(1) 220.3 242.2 462.5 88.9 0.0 88.9 -131.4 -242.2 -373.6 Non-operating items 37.3 2.2 39.5 3.1 -148.8 -145.7 -34.1 -151.0 -185.2 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 17.7 17.7 0.0 17.7 17.7 Underlying leasing contract and services margins (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) 347.6 380.4 728.0 296.2 362.5 658.7 -51.4 -17.9 -69.3 -14.8% -4.7% -9.5% Used car sales result 105 2 76 5 181 7 38.0 -47.7 -9.8 -67.2 -124.2 -191.5 Impact of reduction in depreciation costs -73.3 -117.0 -190.3 -86.3 -223.9 -310.2 -13.0 106.9 -119.9 PPA impact 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 -192.8 -192.8 0.0 -192.8 -192.8 Underlying used car sales result (excluding the impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA impact) 178.5 193.5 372.0 124.3 369.0 493.2 -54.2 175.5 121.2 -30.4% 90.7% 32.6% Gross operating income 710.3 701.3 1 411.6 426.2 183.7 609.9 -284.2 -517.6 -801.8 -40.0% -73.8% -56.8% Underlying gross operating income (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) 526.1 573.9 1 100.0 420.5 731.5 1 151.9 -105.6 157.6 52.0 -20.1% 27.5% 4.7% Margins excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact  as a percentage of average earning assetsLIKE-FOR-LIKE OPERATING EXPENSESFY 2022FY 2023 var. var. % in EUR million Total operating expenses -1 819.0 -1 987.5 -168.5 9.3% Cost to achieve -128.0 -170.0 -42 0 Consultancy costs and transaction/rebranding costs -70.1 -36.2 33.9 PPA impact 0.0 10.4 10.4 Underlying operating expenses (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) -1 620.9 -1 791.8 -170.8 10.5% Underlying cost / Income ratio (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact)57.4% 63.9% +6.5 ptsQ4 2022Q4 2023 var.var. % in EUR million Total operating expenses -514.7 -510.8 3.8 -0.7% Cost to achieve -44.3 -45.0 -0.7 Consultancy costs and transaction/rebranding costs -23.2 -21.4 1.8 PPA impact 0.0 10.4 10.4 Underlying operating expenses (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact) -447.2 -454.8 -7.7 1.7% Underlying cost / Income ratio (excluding non-recurring items and PPA impact)61.4% 69.1% +7.7 ptsRestated quarterly series(in EUR million)1 Q1 2022(2) Q2 2022(2) Q3 2022(2) Q4 2022(2) Q1 2023(3) Q2 2023(3)(4) Q3 2023(3) Q4 2023(3) Leasing Contract Margin 171.4 308.1 273.4 428.1 367.1 387.5 341.6 165.8 Services Margin 160.0 172.6 185.1 197.3 174.1 311.4 425.4 443.3 Leasing Contract and Services Margins 331.5 480.8 458.6 625.5 541.1 698.9 767.0 609.1 Used Car Sales result 215.2 217.4 191.0 123.9 190.5 87.0 75.5 (3.5) Gross Operating Income 546.7 698.2 649.6 749.4 731.6 785.9 842.5 605.6 Total Operating Expenses (187.5) (216.2) (219.4) (259.6) (260.5) (369.7) (444.5) (516.9) Impairment Charges on Receivables (7.9) (11.0) (13.5) (13.8) (8.8) (15.7) (21.8) (24.4) Non-Recurring Income (Expenses) 0.0 0.0 0.0 (50.6) (20.6) 33.1 (12.4) (14.1) Share of profit of associates and jointly controlled entities 0.9 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.8 0.8 3.3 1.6 Profit Before Tax 352.2 471.2 417.1 425.7 442.6 434.3 367.1 51.8 Income tax expense (92.4) (116.6) (98.3) (138.8) (125.6) (101.4) (134.0) (13.0) Result from discontinued operations 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 (91.3) 14.0 (0.2) Non-controlling interests (2.2) 0.5 (0.8) (7.2) (1.5) (4.8) (11.2) (10.4) Net Income (Group share) 257.7 355.1 318.0 284.7 315.5 236.7 235.9 28.2 (in '000) 31.03.2022 30.06.2022 30.09.2022 31.12.2022 31.03.2023 30.06.2023 30.09.2023 31.12.2023 Total Contracts 1 737 1 761 1 762 1 806 1 815 3 496 3 394 3 420 Full service leasing contracts 1 436 1 448 1 454 1 464 1 473 2 755 2 692 2 709 Fleet management contracts 301 313 308 342 342 741 703 710 The sum of rounded values contained in the table may differ slightly from the totals reported  due to rounding rules Restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 2023 Q2  Q3  Q4 2023 income statements were restated for the impact of LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation in each quarter (instead of the 2023 impact being allocated to Q4 2023 only) Q2 2023 non-controlling interests were corrected to include the payment of interest to holders of AT1 issued by LeasePlan and subscribed by external parties1 “Ayvens” refers to ALD and its consolidated entities2 The Group’s estimated unaudited consolidated results as at 31 December 2023 were examined by the Board of Directors  chaired by Pierre Palmieri  on 7 February 2024. The audit procedures carried out by the Statutory Auditors on the consolidated financial statements are in progress. The Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023 are expected to be closed by the Board of Directors by end March 20243 Net carrying amount of the rental fleet plus net receivables on finance leases4 Scope as at 31 December 2023  excluding non-recurring items (reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating items: fleet revaluation  hyperinflation in Turkey  marked-to-market of derivatives  provision in Ukraine) and impact of LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation (PPA)5 Management information  on Ayvens’ sales  excluding impact of reduction in depreciation costs and PPA6 Without the impact of reduction in depreciation costs in prior quarters  ALD’s UCS result per unit would have been EUR 2 344 vs. EUR 3 269 in 20227 Excluding UCS result  non-recurring items and impact of PPA8 Diluted Earnings per share  calculated on a weighted average number of shares  according to IAS 33. Basic EPS for 2023 at EUR 1.08. 2022 EPS was restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 20239 Subject to the approval of General Meeting of Shareholders10 Based on Net income group share after deduction of interest on AT1 capital11 Excluding UCS result  non-recurring items and impact of PPA12 Of net income Group share  after deduction of interest on AT1 capital13 Petrol  Diesel  Fuel cell  Gas  Flex Fuel  Full Hybrids  Mild Hybrids and others14 Depending on subsidies from governments15 Next Generation Digital Architecture16 On a like-for-like basis17 Management information  in EU+: European Union  UK  Norway  Switzerland18 Source: ACEA19 Compared to LeasePlan’s books20 As at 22 May 2023  as per IFRS 3 “Business combinations”21 Customer relationship of c. EUR 280 million before cancellation of pre-existing customer relationship at LeasePlan22 In accordance with IFRS 3 “Business combinations”23Acquisition price adjusted by c. EUR +10 million in relation to contingent payment24 2023 impact of LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation fully accounted for in Q4 202325 Excluding non-operating items and PPA26 Reduction in depreciation costs compared to the contractual costs in relation to vehicles whose sales proceeds are forecast to be in excess of their net book value and for which depreciation has been adjusted or stopped27 Assuming derivatives portfolio held as at 31 December 2023 and not assuming any new derivative transaction28 The impact of LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Acquisition in 2023 was fully accounted for in the Q4 2023 income statement. Notwithstanding  Q2  Q3 and Q4 restated income statements  where the PPA impact is allocated to each quarter from 22 May 2023  are shown in appendix29 Excluding non-operating items and PPA30 Reversal of reduction in depreciation costs accounted for by LeasePlan up until closing31 Management information32 Management information33 Cost of risk expressed as a percentage of arithmetic average of earning assets34 Calculated according to IAS 33. Basic EPS at EUR 1.08. Under IAS 33  EPS is computed using the average number of shares weighted by time apportionment. 2022 EPS was restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 202335Net income (Group share) divided by the arithmetic average of Earning Assets36 Excluding reduction in depreciation costs  non-operating items and PPA impact37 After deduction of interest on AT1 capital38 Excluding Additional Tier 1 capital39 Not including Additional Tier 1 capital40 Including loans granted to entities held-for-sale41 Restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 2023Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.55,0.18,0.26,True,English,"['FY 2023 results', 'Ayvens', 'leading global sustainability mobility player', 'Pre-tax P&L synergies', 'new global mobility brand', 'LeasePlan Purchase Price Allocation', 'EUR 120 million pre-tax synergies', 'new brand promise', 'Press release Ayvens1', 'strong capital position', 'unique competitive position', 'slow-growth European economy', 'ECB refinancing rate', 'annual run-rate synergies', 'new car registrations', 'Used car sales', 'mixed financial results', 'volatile interest rates', 'Earning assets growth', 'PowerUP 26 strategic plan', 'LEASEPLAN INTEGRATION WELL', 'procurement synergies', 'Earning assets3', 'PowerUP 2026 plan', 'car markets', 'FY 2023 RESULTS', 'UCS results', 'sharp increase', 'Leasing contract', 'income ratio7', 'Net income', 'high 2022 base', 'Tangible Equity', 'payout ratio', 'CET1 ratio', 'income ratio11', '2023 key milestones', 'successful creation', 'operational efficiency', 'art technology', 'unwavering commitment', 'highest standards', 'customer service', 'decisive steps', 'proven agility', 'normal levels', 'Cost/income ratio', 'recurring items', 'Dividend payout', 'single identity', 'The Company', 'single team', 'group share', 'industry destocking', 'transition year', 'FY 2024 GUIDANCE', 'key year', 'end December', 'vehicle value', 'Q4 2023 RESULTS', 'vehicles Cost', 'teams’ commitment', 'integration plan', 'higher inflation', 'depreciation costs', 'Negative impact', 'positive impact', 'Services margins', 'hedging derivatives', 'Ayvens’ guidance', '2023 impact', 'Paris', '8 February', 'basis', 'Consolidation', 'reduction', 'MtM', 'unit', 'ALD', 'line', 'normalization', 'Return', 'ROTE', '2022 Earnings', 'share8', 'dividend9', 'pressure', 'cars', 'amortization', 'PPA', 'TRACK', 'acquisition', 'foundations', 'strategy', 'future', 'excellence', '4 priorities', 'clients', 'responsibility', 'profitability', 'state', 'employees', 'schedule', 'context', 'accordance', 'challenges', 'volatility', 'revenues', 'benefits', 'full-year 2024', 'CTA', 'c.', 'way', 'transformation', 'generation', 'announcement']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
36001,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Fourth-quarter-2023-full-year-results-45908903/,Societe Generale: Fourth quarter & 2023 full year results -February 08  2024 at 12:29 am EST,(marketscreener.com) RESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023   Press...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Fourth-quarter-2023-full-year-results-45908903/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20240208,RESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023Press releaseParis  8 February 2024AFTER A YEAR OF TRANSITION AND TRANSFORMATION IN 2023 A YEAR FOCUSED ON THE EXECUTION OF OUR NEW STRATEGIC ROADMAP IN 2024FULL-YEAR RESULTSRevenues of EUR 25.1 billion  down by -7.6% vs. 2022Reported cost-to-income ratio at 73.8%  stable operating expenses (+0.3% vs. 2022) at constant perimeter1  transformation charges of around EUR 730 million in 2023Low cost of risk at 17 basis points  high S1/S2 inventory at ~EUR 3.6 billion at end 2023Group net income of EUR 2.5 billion  up +37% vs. 2022Reported ROTE at 4.2%CET 1 ratio of 13.1%2 at end-2023  around 340 basis points above regulatory requirementLiquidity Coverage Ratio at 160% at end-2023Deposit base up by around +4% vs. 2022QUARTERLY RESULTSQuarterly revenues of EUR 6.0 billion  down by -9.9% vs. Q4 22Reported cost-to-income ratio at 78.3% at Q4 23  operating expenses down by -1.5% vs. Q4 22 at constant perimeter1Low cost of risk of 24 basis points in Q4 23Group net income of EUR 430 million  down -60% vs. Q4 22Reported ROTE at 1.7%MAIN HIGHLIGHTSStrong annual and quarterly performance for Global Banking & Investor Solutions  and International Retail BankingBeginning of the rebound in net interest income for French retail during Q4 23  in a year marked by the negative impact of short-term hedgesRecord annual and quarterly organic client acquisition at BoursoBank  6 million clients reached in January 2024Determination of LeasePlan’s purchase price allocation process leading notably to a EUR 220 million reduction in the amount of goodwillStrengthened ESG commitments  notably through a 80% reduction in upstream Oil & Gas exposure by 2030 vs. 2019  the signature of new partnerships with the IFC and The Ocean Cleanup  and the setting of new NZBA alignment targets on 7 sectorsDISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERSProposed distribution3 of around EUR 1 billion  equivalent to EUR 1.25 per share4  i.e.:a cash dividend of EUR 0.90 per share to be proposed to the General Meetingto be proposed to the General Meeting a share buyback programme  of around EUR 280 million  equivalent to EUR 0.35 per share2024: BETTER PERFORMANCE THROUGH STRATEGIC PLAN EXECUTIONEnhanced commercial performance  notably by the deployment of new relationship model and front office reorganisation in core franchises (implementation of the new operating model in the French networks  overhaul of the setup of Financing and Advisory activities and in-depth transformation of Ayvens)Business portfolio management  notably with the finalisation of previously announced disposals (in addition to Congo and Chad subsidiaries already finalised)Linear improvement of operational efficiency (around EUR 500 million in additional gross savings in 2024  with EUR 750-800 million in transformation costs)Strong capital and liquidity ratios with limited organic RWA growth (<1% vs. 2023)Disciplined risk managementMaintain pace in the deployment of our initiatives and strategic ambitions in ESG2024 FINANCIAL TARGETS5Revenue growth at or above +5% vs. 20236Cost-to-income ratio less than 71% in 2024Net cost of risk between 25 and 30 basis points in 2024ROTE of more than 6% in 2024CET1 ratio of around 13% at end-2024Slawomir Krupa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“2023 was a year of transition and transformation. The exceptional momentum of BoursoBank  the strength of our Global Banking and Investor Solutions franchises  the performance of our international banking activities across all regions  plus the capacity of our new bank in France and Ayvens to implement unprecedented transformations are all strong proof points on our ability to execute at a high level. At the same time  while 2023 was negatively affected by a sharp decrease in net interest income in French Retail Banking and the elevated cost of integrating LeasePlan  it was also characterised by disciplined management of costs  risks and capital.Drawing on our new strategic and financial plan that was presented in September 2023  we are writing a new chapter in the history of the Group  which  for the last 160 years  has assisted millions of clients by way of responsible  long-term relationships. At their service day after day  we support their development and projects  and our contribution to their growth and to unlocking their potential is a source of pride for us.Our ambition is to position Societe Generale among Europe’s top-tier  rock-solid and sustainable banks  and to create long-term value for all our stakeholders  including unequivocal commitment to supporting the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals.We are entering 2024 with confidence and determination  a year that will see the meticulous execution of our strategic plan and an unwavering commitment to reach our financial targets  which will notably involve improved operational efficiency. We will provide precise  regular and transparent reports on our progress toward our announced 2026 objectives.”GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 5 957 6 611 -9.9% -11.2%* 25 104 27 155 -7.6% -8.2%* Operating expenses (4 666) (4 455) +4.7% -0.8%* (18 524) (17 994) +2.9% +0.6%* Gross operating income 1 291 2 156 -40.1% -32.8%* 6 580 9 161 -28.2% -25.8%* Net cost of risk (361) (413) -12.6% -13.4%* (1 025) (1 647) -37.8% -30.8%* Operating income 930 1 743 -46.6% -37.5%* 5 555 7 514 -26.1% -24.8%* Net profits or losses from other assets (21) (4) n/s n/s (113) (3 290) +96.6% +96.6%* Impairment losses on goodwill - - n/s n/s (338) - n/s n/s Income tax (302) (454) -33.4% -33.4%* (1 679) (1 483) +13.2% +15.9%* Net income 613 1 292 -52.6% -40.2%* 3 449 2 756 +25.2% +28.4%* O.w. non-controlling interests 183 222 -17.6% +5.9%* 956 931 +2.7% +7.1%* Reported Group net income 430 1 070 -59.8% -49.7%* 2 493 1 825 +36.6% +39.1%* ROE 1.5% 6.3% 3.1% 2.2% +0.0% +0.0%* ROTE 1.7% 7.1% 4.2% 2.5% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 78.3% 67.4% 73.8% 66.3% +0.0% +0.0%*Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 7 February 2024 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined the Societe Generale Group’s results for Q4 23 and FY 2023.Net banking incomeDespite the continued solid performance by Global Banking and Investor Solutions and International Retail Banking  net banking income recorded a decrease of -9.9% in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22  largely due to the decline in the net interest income in French Retail  Private Banking & Insurance  and to negative impacts in the Corporate Centre (in particular  impacts from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR 30 million and negative changes in the fair value of economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting  amid a sharp decrease in long-term rates in Q4 23).Revenues recorded by French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance decreased by -14.3% vs. Q4 22 owing to the decline in net interest income which continues to be impacted by short-term hedges that were taken before the period of higher interest rates began in 2022. The quarter was nevertheless marked by the beginning of the recovery of net interest income  the peak of the negative impact of these hedges having been reached in Q3 23. Insurance revenues recorded a sharp rise of +42.9% vs. Q4 22 on back of robust commercial activity.Global Banking and Investor Solutions continued to post a solid performance with revenues of EUR 2.2 billion for the quarter  down -11.1% relative to a very strong Q4 22. Global Markets and Investor Services’ revenues decreased by -9.4% vs. Q4 22 owing to the unfavourable base effect on Securities Services business following the revaluation of the participation in Euroclear during Q4 22 (EUR +91 million). Global Markets’ revenues were down slightly (-0.8%) with good commercial momentum in the equity derivatives business and robust activity for fixed-income products. Finance and Advisory recorded strong revenues of EUR 826 million in Q4 23 that were nonetheless down -13.9% compared to the record Q4 22 level. Revenues were resilient in the Asset Finance and Natural Resources finance platforms and solid in the securitisation business. Investment banking revenues underwent a rebound and were notably driven by the primary bond markets. Global Transaction & Payment Services’ revenues were down relative to a strong Q4 22 performance largely due to rising deposit costs in the Cash Management businesses.International Retail Banking revenues rose +1.5% vs. Q4 22. Despite LeasePlan’s contribution for EUR 178 million  Mobility and Leasing Services’ decreased by -10.6%. Revenues were impacted by one-off items notably the negative MtM of LeasePlan’s hedging portfolio (for around EUR -150 million)  normalising Used Car Sales results and the determination of the LeasePlan’s Purchase Price Allocation. In total  International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services’ revenues decreased by -4.5% vs. Q4 22.The Corporate Centre recorded revenues of EUR -196 million in Q4 23 which included around EUR -30 million due to the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations  in addition to a ~EUR -100 million impact linked to negative changes in the fair value of economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting.Over 2023  net banking income decreased by -7.6% vs. 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 4 666 million  up +4.7% vs. Q4 22  but were down -1.5% at constant perimeter.They include EUR 278 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities and EUR 102 million in transformation charges  notably borne by Ayvens and Global Banking and Investor Solutions.Over 2023  operating expenses totalled EUR 18 524 million  up by a moderate +2.9% vs. 2022. They include EUR 617 million for the integration of LeasePlan’s activities and EUR 730 million in transformation costs. At constant perimeter  they rose by a very minor +0.3% despite the inflationary context.Cost of riskThe cost of risk for Q4 23 was low at 24 basis points  i.e.  EUR 361 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans of EUR 364 million and a slight reversal on performing loans for EUR -3 million.Over 2023  the cost of risk came to 17 basis points.At end-December 2023  the Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 572 million  down EUR -197 million relative to 31 December 2022  notably linked to the strong decrease of the Russian offshore portfolio (see below).The gross coverage ratio stood at 2.9%7 at 31 December 2023. The net coverage ratio on the Group’s doubtful loans stood at around 80%8 at 31 December 2023 (after taking into account guarantees and collateral).At 31 December 2023  the Group sharply reduced its offshore exposure to Russia to around EUR 0.9 billion of EAD (Exposure at Default) compared with EUR 1.8 billion at 31 December 2022 (-50%). The maximum risk exposure on this portfolio is estimated at around EUR 0.3 billion before provision. Total provisions stood at EUR 0.2 billion at end-2023. The onshore residual exposure is marginal at around EUR 15 million and relates to the integration during the year of LeasePlan activities in Russia.Group net incomeGroup net income stood at EUR 430 million in Q4 23  i.e. Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE) of 1.7%.Group net income for 2023 came to EUR 2.5 billion  i.e.  ROTE of 4.2%.Shareholder distributionThe Board of Directors approved the distribution policy for 2023 fiscal year aiming at distributing EUR 1.25 per share9  equivalent to a total amount of around EUR 1 billion of which around EUR 280 million in share buy-backs. A cash dividend of EUR 0.90 per share will be proposed at the General Meeting of Shareholders on 22 May 2024. The dividend will be detached on 27 May 2024 and paid out on 29 May 2024.ESGSociete Generale set two new alignment targets this quarter as part of its Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) commitments  thereby taking to nine the sectors covered by alignment targets out of the 12 sectors recommended by the alliance:New target for the aluminium sector: reduce carbon emission intensity by -25% by 2030 relative to 2022 10   i.e.  6t CO2e/t in 2030 vs. 8t CO2e/t in 2022  i.e.  6t CO2e/t in 2030 vs. 8t CO2e/t in 2022 New target for the maritime transport sector11: reduce carbon emission intensity by -43% by 2030 relative to 2022The three remaining sectors (aviation  agriculture and residential real estate financing) will be covered by the end of the first half of 2024.Beyond the 7 new NZBA alignment targets published since beginning 2023  Societe Generale accelerated its decarbonisation of the oil and gas sector by setting ambitious financing and absolute emissions targets.The methodologies and resources implemented to reach these targets are detailed in a transparent and global transition report that was published in December 2023: Climate and Alignment Report – December 2023 (societegenerale.com) .At 31 December 2023  the Group had already reached EUR 250 billion of contribution to sustainable finance  ahead of the target of EUR 300 billion between end-2021 and end-2025.In conjunction with the initiatives announced at the Capital Markets Day event  two new partnerships were recently signed with:The Ocean Cleanup in December 2023 to financially contribute to the international non-profit in developing technologies to clean up plastic pollution in oceans and stemming the inflow from rivers.The International Finance Corporation (IFC)  a member of the World Bank Group  with a Collaboration Framework Agreement to develop sustainable financing for developing countries and thereby contribute to the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).Finally  the appointment of Subra Suresh as Chairman of the Group’s new Scientific Advisory Council is effective from 1 February 2024.2. THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 66.0 billion at 31 December 2023 (vs. EUR 67.0 billion at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 71.5 and tangible net asset value per share stood at EUR 62.7.The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 554 billion at 31 December 2023 vs. EUR 1 485 billion at 31 December 2022. The total funded balance sheet (see Methodology note 9) stood at EUR 970 billion vs. EUR 930 billion at 31 December 2022. The net amount of customer loan outstandings totalled EUR 497 billion  compared with EUR 516 billion at 31 December 2022. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 618 billion  up by around +4% vs. 31 December 2022.At 31 December 2023  the parent company had issued a total of EUR 52.6 billion in medium/long-term debt. The subsidiaries had issued EUR 5.4 billion. In all  the Group has issued a total of EUR 58.0 billion in medium/long-term debt.The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was well above regulatory requirements at 160% at end-December 2023 (an average of 155% for the quarter)  vs. 141% at end-December 2022. At the same time  the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 119% at end-December 2023 vs. 114% at end-December 2022.The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) totalled EUR 388.8 billion at 31 December 2023 vs. EUR 362.4 billion at end-December 2022 according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. RWAs in respect of credit risk account for 83.9% of the total  i.e.  EUR 326.2 billion  up by 7.8% vs. 31 December 2022.At 31 December 2023  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.1%  or around 340 basis points above the regulatory requirement of 9.77%12 at 31 December 2023. The Group’s ratio CET 1 ratio at 31 December 2023 includes a +6 basis-point impact from the phasing of IFRS 9. Excluding this impact  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.1%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 15.6% at end-December 2023 (16.3% at end-December 2022)  while the total capital ratio amounted to 18.2% (19.4% at end-December 2022)  which is above the respective regulatory requirements of 11.67%1 and 14.21%1.The leverage ratio stood at 4.3% at 31 December 2023 (4.4% at end-December 2022)  above the regulatory requirement of 3.5%1.With an RWA level of 31.9% and leverage exposure of 8.7% at end-December 2023  the Group’s TLAC ratio is significantly above the respective Financial Stability Board requirements for 2023 of 22.1%1 and 6.75%1. Likewise  MREL-eligible outstandings  which stood at 33.7% of RWA and 9.2% of leverage exposure at end-December 2023  are also far above the respective regulatory requirements of 25.72%1 and 5.91%1.The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) FitchRatings - long-term rating “A-”  positive outlook  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short-term rating “A-1”.3. FRENCH RETAIL  PRIVATE BANKING & INSURANCEIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 1 953 2 279 -14.3% 8 023 9 210 -12.9% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 1 950 2 234 -12.7% 8 019 9 018 -11.1% Operating expenses (1 672) (1 806) -7.4% (6 708) (6 896) -2.7% Gross operating income 281 473 -40.6% 1 315 2 314 -43.2% Net cost of risk (163) (219) -25.6% (505) (483) +4.6% Operating income 118 254 -53.5% 810 1 831 -55.8% Net profits or losses from other assets 7 51 -86.3% 10 57 -82.5% Reported Group net income 92 229 -59.8% 610 1 406 -56.6% RONE 2.4% 5.8% 3.9% 9.0% Cost to income 85.6% 79.2% 83.6% 74.9%SG Network  Private Banking and InsuranceAverage loans outstanding decreased by -1% vs. Q3 23 (-5% vs. Q4 22) to EUR 201 billion amid a higher interest rate environment compared with 2022. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional clients excluding government-guaranteed PGE loans rose by +1% vs. Q4 22. Home loan outstandings contracted by -2% vs. Q4 22 in line with the Group’s selective lending policy implemented in 2022 against the backdrop of negative margins. It is worth noting that the origination business has resumed with improved positive margins.Average outstanding balance sheet deposits  which include corporate and professional clients of the SG Network at Private Banking and Insurance  were -1.8% lower vs. Q3 23 at EUR 234 billion  with a continued shift from sight deposits to interest-bearing deposits. They contracted by -6% relative to Q4 22 due mainly to the anticipated decrease at the start of the year of corporate deposits amid rising interest rates.As a result  the average loan/deposit ratio came to 86% in Q4 23.Private Banking activities  which cover Private Banking activities in and outside of France  posted record level of assets under management of EUR 143 billion in Q4 23. In 2023  Private Banking’s net asset gathering pace (net new money divided by AuM) rose by an average of +4% vs. 2022. Net banking income for the quarter stood at EUR 355 million  an increase of +1.4% vs. Q4 22  and at EUR 1 470 million for 2023  up by +3.9% vs. 2022.Insurance  which includes activities in and outside of France  has been consolidated in the French Retail  Private Banking & Insurance core business since the second half of 2023.Life insurance outstandings stood at EUR 136 billion at end-December 2023. The unit-linked share of 38% remains at a high level and rose by +3 percentage points vs. December 2022. Gross life insurance savings inflows amounted to EUR 3.5 billion in Q4 23  up by +20% vs. Q4 22.Protection insurance premiums rose by +4% vs. Q4 22  with good commercial momentum in property and casualty premiums (+6% vs. Q4 22) that was notably driven by the performance in France.BoursoBankBoursoBank posted a record quarter in terms of onboarding with more than 566 000 new clients vs. Q4 22  while reducing its acquisition costs per client. The number of clients at the leading online bank in France reached 5.9 million at the end of December 2023 on back of very strong organic growth over the year (+1.2 million clients vs. 2022  up +26% vs. 2022).At end-2023  the penetration rate for the French market (i.e.  the number of clients at BoursoBank divided by the French population) stood at around 8.8%  up by +1.8 percentage point vs. 2022. More specifically  around one French person out of ten and one adult French person under 30 years old out of five is a BoursoBank client.At the same time  service costs are declining (-10% vs. 2022  -27% vs. 2021). By leveraging its efficient model  the cost base remains structurally low. This is illustrated by the limited rise in BoursoBank’s headcount  which number of full-time employees (FTEs) is around 940 in 2023.As a result of a highly selective origination policy on home loans amid a very unfavourable interest-rate environment since mid-2022  average loan outstandings dipped by -4.7% vs. 2022 to EUR 14.8 billion.Average outstanding savings  including deposits and financial savings  registered a sharp rise to EUR 55.6 billion at end 2023  up +13.6% vs. 2022. Deposits increased by +17.3% vs. Q4 22  i.e.  at a much faster rate than the market trends. Life insurance outstandings increased by +2.4% vs. Q4 22 to EUR 11.5 billion  with the unit-linked share accounting for 44.2%  a +2.7 percentage-point rise vs. 2022.Net banking incomeIn Q4 23  revenues totalled EUR 1 953 million  down -14.3% vs. Q4 22  (-12.7% excluding PEL/CEL). Net interest income excluding PEL/CEL was down -26% vs. Q4 22  mainly due to the negative impact from short-term hedges taken before the rise in interest rates. Fee income decreased by -2.7% relative to Q4 22.Over the year  revenues totalled EUR 8 023 million  down -12.9% vs. 2022 (-11.1% restated for the PEL/CEL provision). Net interest income excluding PEL/CEL decreased by -22% vs. 2022 and fee income was stable.Based on latest budget assumptions  the net interest income forecast for French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance for 2024 is expected to be greater than or equal to that of 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 1 672 million  down -7.4% vs. Q4 22. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 85.6% in Q4 23.Over the year  operating expenses decreased by -2.7% vs. 2022 to EUR 6 708 million. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 83.6%.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk amounted to EUR 163 million or 27 basis points  which was lower than in Q4 22 (35 basis points).Over the year  the cost of risk totalled EUR 505 million or 20 basis points  which is stable on the 2022 level.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 92 million  down -60% vs. Q4 22. RONE stood at 2.4% in Q4 23.Over 2023  Group net income came to EUR 610 million  down -57% vs. 2022. RONE stood at 3.9 % in 2023.GLOBAL BANKING AND INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EUR m Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 2 185 2 459 -11.1% -9.8%* 9 640 10 108 -4.6% -3.4%* Operating expenses (1 599) (1 551) +3.1% +5.0%* (6 787) (6 832) -0.7% +0.5%* Gross operating income 586 908 -35.5% -34.8%* 2 853 3 276 -12.9% -11.6%* Net cost of risk (39) (78) -50.0% -47.7%* (30) (421) -92.9% -92.8%* Operating income 547 830 -34.1% -33.6%* 2 823 2 855 -1.1% +0.4%* Reported Group net income 467 695 -32.8% -32.3%* 2 280 2 293 -0.6% +1.0%* RONE 12.3% 16.2% +0.0% +0.0%* 14.8% 14.2% +0.0% +0.0%* Cost to income 73.2% 63.1% +0.0% +0.0%* 70.4% 67.6% +0.0% +0.0%*Net banking incomeGlobal Banking and Investor Solutions delivered a solid performance in the fourth quarter  posting revenues of EUR 2 185 million  down -11.1% with respect to a strong Q4 22.Over 2023  revenues remained high  recording a slight decrease of -4.6% vs. a record 2022 (EUR 9 640 million in 2023 vs. EUR 10 108 million in 2022)  notably owing to less conducive market conditions than in 2022  particularly for the fixed-income business.Global Markets & Investor Services recorded durably strong revenues of EUR 1 359 million in Q4 23  albeit -9.4% down on a high Q4 22 owing to an unfavourable base effect following the EUR 91 million revaluation in 2022 of the participation in Euroclear. Over 2023  revenues totalled EUR 6 299 million  i.e.  a -6.3% decrease vs. 2022.Global Markets turned in a mostly stable performance in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22 amid a normalising market environment  posting revenues of EUR 1 215 million  slightly down (-0.8%) vs. Q4 22  which was a record fourth quarter(13). In 2023  revenues were slightly down by -4.6% vs. 2022 to EUR 5 598 million  which is very good performance despite a less conducive market context.The Equities business performed very well  posting near record fourth quarter revenues of EUR 765 million in Q4 23  up by +18.2% vs. Q4 22. The business was driven by favourable market conditions in the equities markets and by strong demand for derivatives. Over the year  revenues were slightly down by-3.2% to EUR 3 196 million relative to robust business activity in 2022.Fixed Income and Currencies recorded solid revenues of EUR 450 million  notably owing to solid commercial momentum in the investment solutions business. They were nonetheless down -22.1% vs. Q4 22  which ranks among the best performing quarters for this business. Over 2023  revenues decreased by -6.5% vs. 2022 to EUR 2 402 million.Securities Services’ revenues decreased by -47.6% over the quarter to EUR 144 million owing to a positive one-off impact in Q4 22 of EUR 91 million following a revaluation of the participation in Euroclear. Over 2023  revenues contracted by -17.5% vs. 2022 and were stable (-0.7%) excluding the impact of the valuation of various equity participations. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration amounted to EUR 4 931 billion and EUR 579 billion  respectively.The Financing and Advisory business posted revenues of EUR 826 million  down -13.9% vs. Q4 22. In 2023  revenues contracted by a moderate -1.4% to EUR 3 341 million vs. 2022  which was a record year.The Global Banking and Advisory business registered solid revenues  albeit posting a -14.0% decrease compared to the record quarter of Q4 22. The business notably benefited from sustained commercial performance in the Asset Finance and Natural Resources platforms. Strong momentum in Asset-Backed Products in Q4 23 and Investment Banking confirmed its rebound. Over 2023  durably high revenues decreased by -6.8% vs. 2022  which was a record year.While robust  Global Transaction & Payment Services’ revenues were down relative to 2022. Revenues decreased by -13.5% vs. Q4 22 owing to the less favourable interest-rate environment and to increased remuneration on deposits. Nonetheless  2023 was a record year  with revenues up by a sharp +19.3% vs. 2022.Operating expensesOperating expenses came to EUR 1 599 million in Q4 23 and included EUR 64 million in transformation costs. Operating expenses were up by a slight +3.1% vs. Q4 22  reflecting the tight rein on costs despite an inflationary backdrop. Accordingly  the cost-to-income ratio came to 73.2% in Q4 23.Over 2023  operating expenses decreased by a slight -0.7% vs. 2022. They include EUR 167 million in transformation charges. The cost-to-income ratio for the year consequently came to 70.4%. Excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF)  the ratio was 65.4%.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk remained at a very low 9 basis points (or EUR 39 million) vs. 16 basis points in Q4 22.Over 2023  the cost of risk stood at 2 basis points vs. 23 basis points in 2022.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 467 million. It was EUR 2 280 million in 2023  down slightly by-0.6% vs. 2022.For the quarter  Global Banking and Investor Solutions reported RONE of 12.3%. Over 2023  reported RONE came to 14.8% and to 17.2% excluding the contribution to the SRF.INTERNATIONAL RETAIL  MOBILITY AND LEASING SERVICESIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change Net banking income 2 015 2 111 -4.5% -10.1%* 8 507 8 139 +4.5% +1.1%* Operating expenses (1 286) (1 017) +26.5% +0.4%* (4 765) (3 957) +20.4% +8.1%* Gross operating income 729 1 094 -33.4% -19.8%* 3 742 4 182 -10.5% -5.5%* Net cost of risk (137) (133) +3.0% -2.6%* (486) (705) -31.1% -8.8%* Operating income 592 961 -38.4% -22.3%* 3 256 3 477 -6.4% -5.1%* Net profits or losses from other assets (11) (1) n/s n/s (11) 11 n/s n/s Reported Group net income 281 526 -46.6% -33.9%* 1 606 1 921 -16.4% -16.9%* RONE 10.9% 22.8% 16.5% 19.9% Cost to income 63.8% 48.2% 56.0% 48.6%International Retail Banking posted a good commercial performance in 2023  recording loan outstandings of EUR 67.3 billion and deposits of EUR 80.4 billion  up by a respective +4.6% and +5.2% relative to 2022.In Europe  outstanding loans continued their uptrend and totalled EUR 41.9 billion at end-2023  which was a + 5.1% increase on 2022. Outstanding loans in the Czech Republic grew by +3.4% vs. 2022  while in Romania they rose by +12.3% vs. 2022. Outstanding deposits totalled EUR 53.3 billion at end-2023  up by +7.5% vs. 2022.Outstandings in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories also grew  with loans of EUR 25.4 billion and deposits of EUR 27.1 billion in 2023  i.e.  respective increases of +3.7% and +0.8% vs. 2022. The region benefited from particularly robust commercial performances in sub-Saharan Africa  which posted loan outstandings growth of +6.8% vs. 2022  and in the Mediterranean Basin which saw deposits increase by +4.5% vs. 2022.Mobility and Leasing Services registered solid growth in earning assets that was driven by the increase in car values. In Q4 23  earning assets grew by +14.2% to EUR 52.0 billion at end-December 2023 vs. EUR 45.5 billion at end-December 2022.Consumer Finance entities recorded a good performance at end-2023  with loan outstandings of EUR 24.1 billion (+0.7% vs. 2022) and deposit outstandings of EUR 2.3 billion (+17.5% vs. 2022). Equipment Finance business rode high on robust production levels during the entire year to post outstandings of EUR 15.4 billion at end-2023  up +2.8% vs. 2022.Net banking incomeIn Q4 23  the International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services core business posted revenues of EUR 2 015 million  down -4.5% vs. Q4 22. Revenues were notably impacted by a contraction in Ayvens despite the contribution from LeasePlan as a result of the normalisation of Used Car Sales (UCS) results  downward pressure on margins and other exceptional items  notably the negative marked-to-market value of the hedging portfolio (for around EUR -150 million).Over 2023  revenues were up +4.5% vs. 2022 to EUR 8 507 million  including ~EUR 680 million from the integration of LeasePlan.International Retail Banking’s net banking income stood at EUR 1 067 million for the quarter  up by +1.5% vs. Q4 22. Over 2023  revenues stabilised relative to 2022 at EUR 4 191 million.Revenues in Europe remained high in 2023 at EUR 2 037 million and were stable vs. 2022. Romania turned in a good financial performance in 2023 and posted a +12.4% increase in net banking income vs. 2022. The Czech Republic recorded a lower net interest margin compared with a particularly robust 2022 amid high interest rates.Revenues in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories rose sharply over the year by +10.1% vs. 2022 and were driven by robust growth in net interest income across all regions (an average of +14.1% vs. 2022).Mobility and Leasing Services’ revenues decreased by -10.6% over the quarter vs. Q4 22 to EUR 948 million in Q4 23  but were up by +9.3% over the year vs. 2022.Ayvens posted net banking income down by -17% in Q4 23 vs. Q4 22  and up by +16% in 2023 relative to 2022. The fourth quarter was marked by downward pressure on margins resulting from the interest-rate and inflationary environment. The Used Car Sales (UCS) market began to progressively normalise in 2023  which prompted a gradual decrease in UCS results. In Q4 23  Ayvens registered an average UCS results of EUR 1 453 per unit vs. EUR 3 054 in Q4 22 at ALD (including the impact of the reduction in depreciation costs  the average UCS result per unit stands at EUR 444 per car vs. EUR 1 919 in Q4 22) and a continued decrease in prospective depreciation  with a ~EUR -130 million impact vs. Q4 22.At the same time  Ayvens recorded one-off items  notably the negative marked-to-market value of its hedging portfolio on leasing contracts for around EUR -150 million in Q4 23.Over the year  the average UCS results (excluding the reduction of depreciation costs) came to EUR 2 344 per unit  which remains high  relative to a record year in 2022  at EUR 3 269 per unit.2024 will be a pivotal year for Ayvens that will include decisive steps in the LeasePlan integration and synergies of around EUR 120 million that will materialise as of this year (o/w EUR 38 million already secured)  ahead of EUR 350 million in 2025  followed by approximately EUR 440 million in 2026. The amount of associated restructuring costs for 2024 is confirmed at around EUR 190 million  with a remaining amount of around EUR 40 million in 2025.Regarding the business  Ayvens anticipates a gradual improvement in margins in the future and an acceleration in the normalisation of the UCS market. It has set the following targets for 2024:Annual growth in earning assets of +7% to +9% vs. 2023Average UCS result of EUR 1 100 to EUR 1 600 per unit 14Cost-to-income ratio of 65% to 67% excluding UCS results non-recurring items and PPA15In Q4 23  net banking income for consumer credit businesses showed resilience  posting a slight decrease of -2.2% vs. Q4 22. The Consumer Finance and Equipment Finance businesses turned in a good financial performance  posting revenue increases of +15.2% vs. Q4 22 and of +6.0% vs. 2022.Operating expensesIn Q4 23  operating expenses came to EUR 1 286 million  by +26.5% vs. Q4 22 (stable at constant perimeter and exchange rates). They were impacted by LeasePlan costs of ~EUR 280 million and by transformation costs associated with the integration of around EUR 56 million. The cost-to-income ratio stood at 63.8% in Q4 23.Over 2023  operating expenses totalled EUR 4 765 million  up by +20.4% vs. 2022 (+8.1% at constant perimeter and exchange rates). These included ~EUR 615 million from LeasePlan and ~EUR 250 million in transformation costs.International Retail’s operating expenses were stable over the year at EUR 2 374 million. Operating expenses rose by +2.6% to EUR 593 million in Q4 23 and remained contained amid an inflationary context.Operating expenses for Mobility and Leasing Services totalled EUR 2 391 million  up by +50.5% over the year (+8.1% vs. 2022 at constant perimeter and exchange rates)  including LeasePlan costs and transformation costs associated with its integration.Cost of riskIn Q4 23  the cost of risk fell to 33 basis points (or EUR 137 million) vs. 40 basis points in Q4 22.Over 2023  the cost of risk stood at 32 basis points vs. 52 basis points in 2022.Group net incomeIn Q4 23  Group net income came to EUR 281 million  down -46.6% vs. Q4 22. RONE stood at 10.9% in Q4 23. RONE was 18.2% in International Retail Banking  and 5.9% in Mobility and Leasing Services in Q4 23.Over 2023  Group net income came to EUR 1 606 million  down -16.4% vs. 2022  while RONE stood at 16.5%. RONE was 17.5% in International Retail Banking  and 15.9% in Mobility and Leasing Services in 2023.CORPORATE CENTREIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Net banking income (196) (238) (1 066) (302) Operating expenses (109) (81) (264) (309) Gross operating income (305) (319) (1 330) (611) Net cost of risk (22) 17 (4) (38) Net profits or losses from other assets (16) (60) (112) (3 364) Impairment losses on goodwill - - (338) - Income tax (46) (9) (126) 382 Reported Group net income (410) (380) (2 003) (3 795)The Corporate Centre includes:the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects  as well as several costs incurred by the Group that are not re-invoiced to the businesses.Net banking incomeThe Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -196 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -238 million in Q4 22. It notably included the negative impact from the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR -30 million at Q4 23 and the impact of the decrease in long-term rates on hedges not eligible for hedge accounting (around EUR -100 million).Over the year  the Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -1 066 million vs. EUR -302 million in 2022. It notably includes the negative impact of replacement swaps for around EUR -310 million  the unwinding of hedges on TLTRO operations for around EUR -330 million and the negative impact of the year of one-off items for around EUR -200 million.Operating expensesOperating expenses totalled EUR -109 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -81 million in Q4 22.Over the year  operating expenses totalled EUR -264 million vs. EUR -309 million in 2022.Income taxIn Q4 23 the Group accounted for a provision for deferred tax assets of around EUR 100 million.Group net incomeThe Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -410 million in Q4 23 vs. EUR -380 million in Q4 22.Over the year  the Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -2 003 million vs. EUR -3 795 million in 2022.7. 2024 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2024 Financial communication calendarMay 3  2024 First quarter 2024 resultsMay 22  2024 2023 General MeetingMay 27  2024 Dividend detachmentMay 29  2024 Dividend paymentAugust 1  2024 Second quarter and first half 2024 resultsOctober 31  2024 Third quarter and 9 month 2024 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en) .Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Variation 2023 2022 Variation French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 92 229 -59.8% 610 1 406 -56.6% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 467 695 -32.8% 2 280 2 293 -0.6% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 281 526 -46.6% 1 606 1 921 -16.4% Core Businesses 840 1 450 -42.1% 4 496 5 620 -20.0% Corporate Centre (410) (380) -7.9% (2 003) (3 795) +47.2% Group 430 1 070 -59.8% 2 493 1 825 +36.6%MAIN EXCEPTIONAL ITEMSIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Net Banking Income - Total exceptional items 41 0 (199) 0 One-off legacy items - Corporate Centre 41 0 (199) 0 Operating expenses - Total one-off items and transformation charges (102) (221) (765) (767) Transformation charges (102) (221) (730) (767) Of which French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 18 (84) (312) (414) Of which Global Banking & Investor Solutions (64) (82) (167) (198) Of which International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services (56) (55) (251) (155) One-off items 0 0 (35) 0 Of which French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance 0 0 60 0 Of which Global Banking & Investor Solutions 0 0 (95) 0 Other one-off items - Total (116) (60) (820) (3 364) Net profits or losses from other assets (16) (60) (112) (3 364) Goodwill impairment - Corporate Centre(1) 0 0 (338) 0 Provision of Deferred Tax Assets - Corporate Centre(1) (100) 0 (370) 016CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETIn EUR m 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 R17 Cash  due from central banks 223 048 207 013 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 495 882 427 151 Hedging derivatives 10 585 32 971 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 90 894 92 960 Securities at amortised cost 28 147 26 143 Due from banks at amortised cost 77 879 68 171 Customer loans at amortised cost 485 449 506 635 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (433) (2 262) Insurance and reinsurance contracts assets 459 353 Tax assets 4 717 4 484 Other assets 69 765 82 315 Non-current assets held for sale 1 763 1 081 Investments accounted for using the equity method 227 146 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 60 714 33 958 Goodwill 4 949 3 781 Total 1 554 045 1 484 900In EUR m 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 R Due to central banks 9 718 8 361 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 375 584 304 175 Hedging derivatives 18 708 46 164 Debt securities issued 160 506 133 176 Due to banks 117 847 133 011 Customer deposits 541 677 530 764 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedgedagainst interest rate risk (5 857) (9 659) Tax liabilities 2 402 1 645 Other liabilities 93 658 107 315 Non-current liabilities held for sale 1 703 220 Insurance contracts related liabilities 141 723 135 875 Provisions 4 235 4 579 Subordinated debts 15 894 15 948 Total liabilities 1 477 798 1 411 574 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 186 21 248 Other equity instruments 8 924 9 136 Retained earnings 32 891 33 816 Net income 2 493 1 825 Sub-total 65 494 66 025 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses 481 945 Sub-total equity  Group share 65 975 66 970 Non-controlling interests 10 272 6 356 Total equity 76 247 73 326 Total 1 554 045 1 484 900APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 –The financial information presented for the fourth quarter and the year 2023 was examined by the Board of Directors on February 7th  2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. The review procedures on the consolidated annual financial statements  2023 carried by the Statutory Auditors are currently underway.2 - Net banking incomeThe pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity.3 - Operating expensesOperating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in notes 5 and 8.2 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31st  2022. The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.4 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandingsThe cost of risk is defined on pages 42 and 691 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases.In EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 French Retail  Private Banking and InsuranceNet Cost Of Risk 163 219 505 483 Gross loan Outstandings 240 533 250 175 246 701 246 249 Cost of Risk in bp 27 35 20 20 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 39 78 30 421 Gross loan Outstandings 168 799 190 079 169 823 182 110 Cost of Risk in bp 9 16 2 23 International Banking  Mobility and Leasing SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 137 133 486 705 Gross loan Outstandings 164 965 133 756 150 161 135 743 Cost of Risk in bp 33 40 32 52 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk 22 (17) 4 38 Gross loan Outstandings 23 075 16 363 20 291 15 411 Cost of Risk in bp 40 (41) 2 25 Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 361 413 1 025 1 647 Gross loan Outstandings 597 371 590 373 586 977 579 513 Cost of Risk in bp 24 28 17 28The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”).5 - ROE  ROTE  RONEThe notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodologyEnd of period (in EURm) Q4 23 Q4 22 2023 2022 Shareholders' equity Group share 65 975 66 970 65 975 66 970 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (9 095) (10 017) (9 095) (10 017) Interest payable to holders of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (21) (24) (21) (24) OCI excluding conversion reserves 636 780 636 780 Distribution provision(2) (995) (1 803) (995) (1 803) ROE equity end-of-period 56 500 55 906 56 500 55 906 Average ROE equity 56 607 55 953 56 396 55 282 Average Goodwill(3) (4 068) (3 660) (4 011) (3 650) Average Intangible Assets (3 188) (2 828) (3 143) (2 751) Average ROTE equity 49 351 49 465 49 242 48 881 Group net Income 430 1 070 2 493 1 825 Interest paid and payable to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation (215) (192) (759) (596) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - - 338 3 Ajusted Group net Income 215 878 2 073 1 233 ROTE 1.7% 7.1% 4.2% 2.5%181920Average normative capital allocated to core businessesIn EURm Q4 23 Q4 22 Change 2023 2022 Change French Retail   Private Banking and Insurance 15 439 15 867 -2.7% 15 449 15 592 -0.9% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 15 247 17 115 -10.9% 15 426 16 176 -4.6% International Retail  Mobility and Leasing Services 10 313 9 242 +11.6% 9 707 9 670 +0.4% Core Businesses 40 999 42 224 -2.9% 40 582 41 438 -2.1% Corporate Center 15 608 13 729 +12.9% 15 814 13 844 +14.0% Group 56 607 55 953 +1.0% 56 396 55 282 +2.0%6 - Net assets and tangible net assetsNet assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 45 of the Group’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below:End of period (in EURm) 2023 2022 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 65 975 66 970 65 067 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (9 095) (10 017) (8 003) Interest of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisation(1) (21) (24) 20 Book value of own shares in trading portfolio 36 67 37 Net Asset Value 56 895 56 996 57 121 Goodwill (4 008) (3 652) (3 624) Intangible Assets (2 954) (2 875) (2 733) Net Tangible Asset Value 49 933 50 469 50 764 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS(2) 796 244 801 147 831 162 Net Asset Value per Share 71.5 71.1 68.7 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 62.7 63.0 61.121227 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS)The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE.The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table:Average number of shares (thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Existing shares 818 008 845 478 853 371 Deductions Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 802 6 252 3 861 Other own shares and treasury shares 11 891 16 788 3 249 Number of shares used to calculate EPS(1) 799 315 822 437 846 261 Group net Income (in EUR m) 2 493 1 825 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (in EUR m) (759) (596) (590) Adjusted Group net income (in EUR m) 1 735 1 230 5 051 EPS (in EUR) 2.17 1.50 5.97238 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios.249 – Funded balance sheet  loan to deposit ratioThe funded balance sheet is based on the Group financial statements. It is obtained in two steps:A first step aiming at reclassifying the items of the financial statements into aggregates allowing for a more economic reading of the balance sheet. Main reclassifications:Insurance: grouping of the accounting items related to insurance within a single aggregate in both assets and liabilities.Customer loans: include outstanding loans with customers (net of provisions and write-downs  including net lease financing outstanding and transactions at fair value through profit and loss); excludes financial assets reclassified under loans and receivables in accordance with the conditions stipulated by IFRS 9 (these positions have been reclassified in their original lines).Wholesale funding:Includes interbank liabilities and debt securities issued.Financing transactions have been allocated to medium/long-term resources and short-term resources based on the maturity of outstanding  more or less than one year.Reclassification under customer deposits of the share of issues placed by French Retail Banking networks (recorded in medium/long-term financing)  and certain transactions carried out with counterparties equivalent to customer deposits (previously included in short term financing).Deduction from customer deposits and reintegration into short-term financing of certain transactions equivalent to market resources.A second step aiming at excluding the contribution of insurance subsidiaries  and netting derivatives  repurchase agreements  securities borrowing/lending  accruals and “due to central banks”.The Group loan/deposit ratio is determined as the division of the customer loans by customer deposits as presented in the funded balance sheet.NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules.(2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section.Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with 117 000 employees serving 25 million clients in more than 60 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for nearly 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail Banking   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank Boursorama.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital Bank Boursorama. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in Equity Derivatives  Structured Finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  and ALD / LeasePlan  a global player in sustainable mobility.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.1 After restatement of operating expenses of Russia in 2022 (EUR 145m) and those of LeasePlan (EUR 617m in 2023 and ~EUR 280m in Q4 23)2 Phased-in ratio3 Consistent with distribution policy disclosed during Capital Markets Day applicable from 20234 Based on the number of shares in circulation at 31 December 2023  subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECB5 Based on macro-economic assumptions detailed on slide 37 of the Group’s fourth quarter and full year resultsNB: 2022 data in this document are restated in compliance with IFRS17 and IFRS9 for insurance entities6 Average annual revenue growth between 0% and 2% over 2022-2026Asterisks* in the document refer to data at constant perimeter and exchange rate7 Ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 20198 Ratio of S3 provisions and guarantees/collateral to gross book value of NPL9 Based on the number of shares in circulation at 31 December 2023  subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECB10 In line with the IAI/MPP 1.5°C scenario11 Based on a Poseidon Principles alignment score of 15% in 2030 relative to the IMO’s “Striving For” scenario. Excluding cruise ships at the present time  until the carbon intensity indicator is modified to take into account its specific features12 From 2 January 2024  the new regulatory requirements will be as follows: 10.22% for the CET 1 ratio  12.14% for the Tier 1 ratio  14.71 % for the total solvency ratio  3.6% for the leverage ratio  27.24% and 6.08% respectively for the MREL RWA and leverage exposure ratios  22.29% and 6.75 %  respectively  for the TLAC RWA and leverage exposure ratios13 At comparable business model in the post Global Financial Crisis (GFC) regulatory regime14 Excluding prospective depreciation and PPA15 Cost to income ratio at ~70% reported at SG level16 Items restated from reported net income for the proposed distribution17 Balance sheet restated in compliance with IFRS17 and IFRS9 for insurance entities18 Interest net of tax19 Based on the 2023 proposed distribution  subject to usual approvals of the General Meeting and the ECB20 Excluding goodwill arising from non-controlling interests21 Interest net of tax22 The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.23 The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.21,0.5,True,English,"['2023 full year results', 'Societe Generale', 'Fourth quarter', 'February', 'United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals', 'regulatory requirement Liquidity Coverage Ratio', 'purchase price allocation process', 'quarterly organic client acquisition', 'limited organic RWA growth', 'new NZBA alignment targets', 'The Ocean Cleanup', 'front office reorganisation', 'additional gross savings', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Business portfolio management', 'new relationship model', 'high S1/S2 inventory', 'responsible, long-term relationships', 'net interest income', 'new operating model', 'International Retail Banking', 'stable operating expenses', 'international banking activities', 'NEW STRATEGIC ROADMAP', 'BETTER PERFORMANCE THROUGH', 'French Retail Banking', 'strong proof points', 'Group net income', 'share buyback programme', 'Investor Solutions franchises', 'GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', 'STRATEGIC PLAN EXECUTION', 'Disciplined risk management', 'EUR 220 million reduction', 'liquidity ratios', 'sustainable banks', 'disciplined management', 'income ratio', 'financial targets', 'new partnerships', 'new bank', 'new chapter', 'Global Banking', 'Net cost', 'CET 1 ratio', 'QUARTERLY RESULTS', 'quarterly performance', 'core franchises', 'Advisory activities', 'CET1 ratio', 'high level', 'long-term value', 'strategic ambitions', 'Strong annual', 'French networks', 'Revenue growth', 'financial plan', 'Press release', 'FULL-YEAR RESULTS', '17 basis points', 'Quarterly revenues', 'constant perimeter1', '24 basis points', 'MAIN HIGHLIGHTS', 'negative impact', 'short-term hedges', 'Record annual', '6 million clients', 'Gas exposure', 'cash dividend', 'General Meeting', 'commercial performance', 'Chad subsidiaries', 'Linear improvement', 'operational efficiency', 'Maintain pace', '30 basis points', 'Slawomir Krupa', 'exceptional momentum', 'unprecedented transformations', 'same time', 'sharp decrease', 'last 160 years', 'Societe Generale', 'top-tier, rock-solid', 'unequivocal commitment', 'meticulous execution', 'unwavering commitment', 'precise, regular', 'transparent reports', 'Strong capital', 'Low cost', 'elevated cost', 'transformation charges', 'depth transformation', 'ESG commitments', 'A YEAR', 'YEAR FOCUSED', 'EURm Q4', 'transformation costs', '80% reduction', '340 basis', '31 DECEMBER', 'Paris', '8 February', 'TRANSITION', 'ROTE', 'Deposit', 'Beginning', 'rebound', 'BoursoBank', 'January', 'Determination', 'LeasePlan', 'amount', 'goodwill', 'signature', 'IFC', 'setting', '7 sectors', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'deployment', 'implementation', 'overhaul', 'setup', 'Financing', 'Ayvens', 'finalisation', 'disposals', 'Congo', 'initiatives', 'strength', 'regions', 'capacity', 'France', 'ability', 'risks', 'September', 'history', 'millions', 'way', 'service', 'day', 'projects', 'contribution', 'potential', 'source', 'pride', 'Europe', 'stakeholders', 'confidence', 'improved', 'progress', '2026 objectives', '25', '2024']",2024-02-08,2024-02-09,marketscreener.com
36002,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-02/61372138-irish-residential-properties-reit-plc-important-alert-on-egm-votes-submitted-via-broadridge-015.htm,Irish Residential Properties REIT plc: Important Alert on EGM Votes Submitted Via Broadridge,DJ Important Alert on EGM Votes Submitted Via Broadridge Irish Residential Properties REIT plc (IRES) Important Alert on EGM Votes Submitted Via Broadridge 09-Feb-2024 / 18:25 GMT/BST =---------------,"DJ Important Alert on EGM Votes Submitted Via BroadridgeIrish Residential Properties REIT plc (IRES) Important Alert on EGM Votes Submitted Via Broadridge 09-Feb-2024 / 18:25 GMT/BST =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- For immediate release 9 February 2024 Irish Residential Properties REIT plc IMPORTANT ALERT ON EGM VOTES SUBMITTED VIA BROADRIDGE Shareholders voting through Broadridge system requested to resubmit votes Irish Residential Properties REIT plc (""I-RES"") issues this important alert for all I-RES shareholders who have submitted voting instructions for the Extraordinary General Meeting (""EGM"") convened for 16 February 2024 via third-party service provider  Broadridge Financial Solutions Limited (""Broadridge""). Following an error on the Broadridge voting instruction platform  all voting instructions for the EGM submitted via the Broadridge voting platform have been cancelled. Shareholders are requested to resubmit their voting instructions through the Broadridge voting platform when they receive the alert from Broadridge in order that their votes be counted at the EGM. Broadridge will set a revised voting deadline by which time electronic voting instructions or proxy appointment instructions must be received by it for use at the EGM. Shareholders should pay close attention to any notices specifically relating to this EGM from Broadridge and any further actions required by Broadridge in order that their votes be counted at the EGM. This issue does not affect votes that have been submitted by any other means for the EGM. I-RES urges its shareholders to resubmit their voting instructions through the Broadridge voting platform as soon as you receive the alert from Broadridge. I-RES Board reiterates its recommendation to vote AGAINST all the resolutions proposed by Vision Capital. END For further information please contact: For Investor Relations at Irish Residential Properties REIT plc: Luke Ferriter  Investor Relations investors@iresreit.ie Tel: +353 (0) 1 563 4000 Margaret Sweeney  Chief Executive Officer Tel: +353 (0) 1 557 0974 For Media Queries: Padraig McKeon  I-RES PR and Communications Tel: + 353 (0) 87 231 2632 Jonathan Neilan  FTI Consulting ires@fticonsulting.com Tel: +353 (0) 86 231 4135 About Irish Residential Properties REIT plc Irish Residential Properties REIT plc (""I-RES"") is a growth oriented Real Estate Investment Trust providing quality professionally managed homes in sustainable communities in Ireland. The Group owns 3 734 apartments and houses for private rental in Dublin and Cork. I-RES aims to be the provider of choice for the Irish living sector  known for excellent service and for operating responsibly  minimising its environmental impact  and maximising its contribution to the community. The Company's shares are listed on Euronext Dublin. Further information at www.iresreit.ie. Important notices This announcement is not intended to  and does not  constitute or form part of any offer  invitation or solicitation of any offer to purchase  otherwise acquire  subscribe for  sell or otherwise dispose of  any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  whether pursuant to this announcement or otherwise. The release  distribution or publication of this announcement in jurisdictions outside Ireland may be restricted by laws of the relevant jurisdictions and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about  and observe  any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with the restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities law of any such jurisdiction. Responsibility Statement The directors of I-RES accept responsibility for the information contained in this announcement. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the directors (who have taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case)  the information contained in this announcement is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ISIN: IE00BJ34P519 Category Code: MSCU TIDM: IRES LEI Code: 635400EOPACLULRENY18 OAM Categories: 3.1. Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State Sequence No.: 302958 EQS News ID: 1834715 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Image link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1834715&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresFebruary 09  2024 13:25 ET (18:25 GMT)",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.15,0.22,0.64,True,English,"['Irish Residential Properties REIT plc', 'Important Alert', 'EGM Votes', 'Broadridge', 'growth oriented Real Estate Investment Trust', 'Irish Residential Properties REIT plc', 'Member State Sequence No.', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions Limited', 'Broadridge voting instruction platform', 'Irish living sector', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', '635400EOPACLULRENY18 OAM Categories', 'Dow Jones Newswires', 'revised voting deadline', 'proxy appointment instructions', 'EQS News ID', 'electronic voting instructions', 'Broadridge voting platform', 'EQS News Service', 'third-party service provider', 'IRES LEI Code', 'Additional regulated information', 'DJ Important Alert', 'VIA BROADRIDGE Shareholders', 'excellent service', 'Category Code', 'EQS Group', 'Broadridge system', 'close attention', 'other means', 'Vision Capital', 'Investor Relations', 'Luke Ferriter', 'Margaret Sweeney', 'Media Queries', 'Padraig McKeon', 'Jonathan Neilan', 'FTI Consulting', 'sustainable communities', 'The Group', 'private rental', 'environmental impact', 'The Company', 'reasonable care', 'MSCU TIDM', 'Image link', 'Important notices', 'immediate release', 'I-RES Board', 'I-RES PR', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Further information', 'relevant jurisdictions', 'securities law', 'Responsibility Statement', 'Regulatory Announcement', 'I-RES shareholders', 'EGM Votes', 'GMT', 'BST', '16 February', 'error', 'order', 'time', 'use', 'actions', 'issue', 'recommendation', 'resolutions', 'iresreit', 'Communications', 'fticonsulting', 'homes', 'Ireland', '3,734 apartments', 'Cork', 'choice', 'contribution', 'community', 'shares', 'offer', 'invitation', 'solicitation', 'approval', 'distribution', 'publication', 'laws', 'persons', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'violation', 'directors', 'knowledge', 'belief', 'case', 'accordance', 'facts', 'Dissemination', 'content', 'ISIN', 'cockpit', 'cgi', 'bin', 'fncls']",2024-02-06,2024-02-09,finanznachrichten.de
36003,EuroNext,Bing API,https://igamingbusiness.com/strategy/flutter-uki-announces-female-focused-betting-startup-competition/,Flutter UK&I announces female-focused betting startup competition,Flutter UK & Ireland has launched a competition to find a new partner to launch a female-focused gaming startup.,Flutter UK & Ireland has launched a competition to find a new partner to launch a female-focused gaming startup.The winning company will partner with Sky Betting and Gaming  Paddy Power and Betfair.The competition was launched through Flutter’s Alpha Hub program  which allows Flutter’s brands to partner with startups. Applications are now open and will close on 15 March 2024.The winning startup will need to submit product ideas that appeal to how women tend to participate in gambling. In outlining its tender  Flutter outlined social and community gaming as an example. The competition also includes a wildcard option  wherein startups can submit ideas that don’t completely align with the brief.The chosen startup will be supported in launching their product across the UK and Ireland. It will also have the opportunity to form a commercial relationship with Flutter.“We see this as a really exciting gap in the market  and we’re looking forward to finding and partnering with innovative startups through the Alpha Hub program to seize this opportunity ” said Steve Birch  chief commercial officer at Sky Betting and Gaming.Competition announcement comes after NYSE launchThe startup competition announcement comes days after Flutter launched on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). The launch took place on 29 January and saw Flutter begin trading under the ticker symbol FLUT.This was right on target as in December  Flutter said it would work to list its shares on the NYSE by 29 January 2024. Flutter exited Euronext Dublin ahead of the listing.Ed Birkin  senior analyst at H2 Gambling Capital told iGB this was a rational move for Flutter  which will already have interested investors.“While Flutter isn’t a US online pureplay investment  it has meaningful exposure to the market and that is likely to be of genuine interest to investors ” Birkin observed.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.65,0.33,0.02,True,English,"['female-focused betting startup competition', 'Flutter UK&I', 'US online pureplay investment', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Alpha Hub program', 'chief commercial officer', 'H2 Gambling Capital', 'female-focused gaming startup', 'startup competition announcement', 'new partner', 'commercial relationship', 'winning startup', 'winning company', 'Sky Betting', 'Paddy Power', 'wildcard option', 'exciting gap', 'Steve Birch', 'ticker symbol', 'Euronext Dublin', 'senior analyst', 'rational move', 'meaningful exposure', 'genuine interest', 'community gaming', 'Ed Birkin', 'innovative startups', 'product ideas', 'NYSE launch', 'Flutter UK', 'Ireland', 'Betfair', 'brands', 'Applications', '15 March', 'women', 'tender', 'social', 'example', 'brief', 'opportunity', 'market', 'place', '29 January', 'target', 'December', 'shares', 'listing', 'iGB', 'investors']",2024-02-09,2024-02-09,igamingbusiness.com
36004,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thepharmaletter.com/article/ucb-builds-on-bimekizumab-data-in-hidradenitis-suppurativa,UCB builds on bimekizumab data in hidradenitis suppurativa,Belgian drugmaker UCB (Euronext: UCB) is closing in on another  approval with its monoclonal IgG1 antibody  bimekizumab.,"Belgian drugmaker UCB (Euronext: UCB) is closing in on another approval with its monoclonal IgG1 antibody  bimekizumab.This drug  which selectively inhibits both interleukin 17A and interleukin 17F  two key cytokines driving inflammatory processes  has already won approvals in plaque psoriasis  psoriatic arthritis and axial spondyloarthritis. It is sold under the brand name Bimzelx.""Results presented re-affirm the high levels of sustained clinical…",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.03,0.4,0.56,True,English,"['bimekizumab data', 'hidradenitis suppurativa', 'UCB', 'monoclonal IgG1 antibody', 'two key cytokines', 'Belgian drugmaker', 'interleukin 17A', 'interleukin 17F', 'inflammatory processes', 'plaque psoriasis', 'psoriatic arthritis', 'axial spondyloarthritis', 'brand name', 'high levels', 'UCB', 'Euronext', 'approval', 'bimekizumab', 'Bimzelx', 'Results']",2024-02-09,2024-02-09,thepharmaletter.com
36005,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-02/61368015-dalata-hotel-group-plc-nor-notice-of-results-015.htm,Dalata Hotel Group PLC: NOR-Notice of Results,NOR-Notice of Results Dalata Hotel Group PLC (DAL DHG) Dalata Hotel Group PLC: NOR-Notice of Results 09-Feb-2024 / 11:04 GMT/BST =----------------------------------------------------------------------,"DJ Dalata Hotel Group PLC: NOR-Notice of ResultsDalata Hotel Group PLC (DAL DHG) Dalata Hotel Group PLC: NOR-Notice of Results 09-Feb-2024 / 11:04 GMT/BST =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Announcement Date for 2023 Full-Year Results ISE: DHG LSE: DAL Dublin and London | 9 February 2024: Dalata Hotel Group plc (""Dalata"" or ""the Group"")  the largest hotel operator in Ireland  with a growing presence in the United Kingdom and continental Europe  announces it will release 2023 Full Year Results on Thursday 29th February 2024 at 07.00 GMT. The senior management team will host a conference call and webcast for analysts and investors at 08.30 GMT on this date. -- For conference call details  please register here -- The webcast will be available here Please allow sufficient time for registration. The Group's Full Year Results  press release and presentation will also be available on the Dalata website on 29th February 2024 https://dalatahotelgroup.com ENDs Contacts Dalata Hotel Group plc Sean McKeon  Company Secretary and Head of Risk and Compliance T: +353 1 206 9400 E: smckeon@dalatahotelgroup.com Investor Relations and PR | FTI Consulting Tel +353 86 401 5250 Melanie Farrell dalata@fticonsulting.comAbout DalataDalata Hotel Group plc was founded in August 2007 and listed as a plc in March 2014. Dalata is Ireland's largest hotel operator  with a growing presence in the UK and continental Europe. The Group's portfolio comprises 53 three and four-star hotels with 11 412 rooms and a pipeline of over 1 300 rooms. The Group currently has 31 owned hotels  19 leased hotels and three management contracts. Dalata successfully operates Ireland's two largest hotel brands  the Clayton and the Maldron Hotels. For the period ended 30 June 2023  Dalata reported revenue of EUR284.8 million and a profit after tax of EUR42.0 million. Dalata is listed on the Main Market of Euronext Dublin (DHG) and the London Stock Exchange (DAL). For further information visit: www.dalatahotelgroup.com----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ISIN: IE00BJMZDW83  IE00BJMZDW83 Category Code: NOR TIDM: DAL DHG LEI Code: 635400L2CWET7ONOBJ04 OAM Categories: 3.1. Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State Sequence No.: 302938 EQS News ID: 1834579 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Image link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1834579&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresFebruary 09  2024 06:04 ET (11:04 GMT)",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Dalata Hotel Group PLC', 'NOR-Notice', 'Results', 'DJ Dalata Hotel Group PLC', 'Contacts Dalata Hotel Group plc', 'Member State Sequence No.', 'two largest hotel brands', 'largest hotel operator', 'senior management team', '635400L2CWET7ONOBJ04 OAM Categories', 'Dow Jones Newswires', 'Melanie Farrell dalata', 'EQS News ID', 'EQS News Service', '2023 Full-Year Results ISE', '2023 Full Year Results', 'conference call details', 'three management contracts', 'London Stock Exchange', 'IE00BJMZDW83 Category Code', 'Additional regulated information', 'DHG LEI Code', 'Thursday 29th February', 'EQS Group', 'The Group', 'Dalata website', 'growing presence', 'United Kingdom', 'continental Europe', 'sufficient time', 'press release', 'Sean McKeon', 'Company Secretary', 'Investor Relations', 'FTI Consulting', 'four-star hotels', '31 owned hotels', '19 leased hotels', 'Maldron Hotels', 'Main Market', 'Euronext Dublin', 'NOR TIDM', 'Image link', 'DHG LSE', 'Regulatory Announcement', 'DAL Dublin', 'Announcement Date', '53 three', '9 February', 'NOR-Notice', 'BST', 'Ireland', 'webcast', 'analysts', 'investors', '08.30 GMT', 'registration', 'presentation', 'dalatahotelgroup', 'ENDs', 'Head', 'Risk', 'Compliance', 'smckeon', 'fticonsulting', 'August', 'March', 'UK', 'portfolio', '11,412 rooms', 'pipeline', '1,300 rooms', 'Clayton', 'period', 'revenue', 'profit', 'tax', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'ISIN', 'laws', 'cockpit', 'cgi', 'bin', 'fncls', 'gif', '07.00']",2024-02-06,2024-02-09,finanznachrichten.de
36006,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/fr/crypto-blockchain-industries/cp/2024/02/09/real-sociedad-partners-with-football-at-alphaverse-the-innovative-football-universe,Real Sociedad Partners with 'Football at AlphaVerse ' the Innovative Football Universe,CBI's development partners  a consortium of over 60 experts in Web3 and video games  will collaborate closely with Real Sociedad to breathe life into this digital universe. Stay tuned for further announcements in the upcoming weeks  and discover more at www.cbicorp.io.,"09/02/2024 - 08:00Real Sociedad Partners with ""Football at AlphaVerse "" the Innovative Football Universe· AlphaVerse to Create a Unique Digital World for Real Sociedad in Close Partnership with the Club· Exciting Video Content  Fan Engagement Zones  Mini-Games  and Real-World Perks Await FansCRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (CBI  Euronext Growth Paris: FR0014007LW0  ALCBI) is thrilled to reveal a momentous partnership with Real Sociedad  the renowned football club hailing from the lively city of San Sebastian  Spain. This alliance marks the beginning of a specialized digital realm within ""Football at AlphaVerse "" an inventive universe tailored specifically for fervent football fans.The digital world within Football at AlphaVerse  known for its emphasis on sharing captivating audiovisual content  hosting engaging mini-games  and fostering a sense of community  provides the ideal canvas for crafting a football-centric digital world. In this revolutionary sphere  video content and fan communities take center stage. The best part? You don't need cryptocurrency to join this football-dedicated world.This partnership ensures Real Sociedad fans a distinctive and immersive digital fan experience. From exclusive video content to interactive fan zones and entertaining mini-games  this digital landscape offers unrivaled access to the club and its offerings. It even boasts a lifelike 3D rendition of the ""Reale Arena "" where fans can secure a virtual seat that unlocks a multitude of real and virtual benefits.The ""Reale Arena "" with a capacity exceeding 40 000 seats  will be meticulously recreated in 3D. Fans can acquire virtual seats  entitling them to an array of tangible perks  from the chance to win tickets to actual matches to virtual delights like NFTs and mini-games. For the first time ever  the Real Sociedad training center  the nurturing ground for generations of football talents  will be rendered in 3D  offering visitors an up-close encounter with the club's legacy.""Venturing into the digital frontier with CBI represents a significant step towards the future. This collaboration ensures that Real Sociedad fans  regardless of their location  can maintain a strong connection with the club  actively engaging in the exciting new virtual world we're shaping."" - Begoña Larzabal  Head of Marketing and Commercial at Real Sociedad.""Partnering with Real Sociedad is a privilege and a significant milestone for Crypto Blockchain Industries  underlining our dedication to excellence. We're thrilled to join forces with this esteemed club  using technology to drive innovation in the world of sports while upholding the club's values and its loyal supporters."" - Frédéric Chesnais  CEO of CBI.CBI's development partners  a consortium of over 60 experts in Web3 and video games  will collaborate closely with Real Sociedad to breathe life into this digital universe. Stay tuned for further announcements in the upcoming weeks  and discover more at www.cbicorp.io.DisclaimerThe realization of projects  as well as their operational budget and financing plan  remain fundamentally subject to uncertainties  and the non-realization of underlying assumptions can have a significant impact on the value of assets and liabilities.About CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIESCRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (""CBI"") is a French company that develops  operates and invests in video games  professional applications and selective projects related to blockchain  Non-Fungible Tokens (""NFTs"") and cryptocurrencies. Founded by Frédéric Chesnais  a recognized entrepreneur in the video game industry and blockchain pioneer  CBI aims to develop and value a portfolio of blockchain activities covering various sectors (video games  finance  logistics  etc.) to leverage this technology  either through direct exploitation or partnership. CBI has already made several investments and is currently developing a virtual world (metaverse) called AlphaVerse  based on blockchain technology. CBI's shares are listed on the E2 quotation group (public offer) on the Euronext Growth market. More information can be found at www.cbicorp.io.About Real SociedadReal Sociedad is a renowned professional football club based in San Sebastian  Spain  with a rich history and an ardent fan following. The club is deeply committed to community involvement and achieving excellence in the world of football. For more details  visit www.realsociedad.eus.Contact",neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.34,0.15,True,English,"['Real Sociedad Partners', 'Innovative Football Universe', 'AlphaVerse', 'Frédéric Chesnais', 'immersive digital fan experience', 'exciting new virtual world', 'Real Sociedad training center', 'renowned professional football club', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Begoña Larzabal', 'E2 quotation group', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Fan Engagement Zones', 'interactive fan zones', 'captivating audiovisual content', 'Exciting Video Content', 'specialized digital realm', 'video game industry', 'CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES', 'exclusive video content', 'The ""Reale Arena', 'Unique Digital World', 'football-centric digital world', 'lifelike 3D rendition', 'Innovative Football Universe', 'Real Sociedad Partners', 'renowned football club', 'fervent football fans', 'Real Sociedad fans', 'center stage', 'professional applications', 'digital universe', 'fan communities', 'ardent fan', 'digital landscape', 'digital frontier', 'development partners', 'video games', 'blockchain pioneer', 'blockchain activities', 'inventive universe', 'virtual seat', 'virtual benefits', 'virtual delights', 'football-dedicated world', 'football talents', 'Real-World Perks', 'lively city', 'San Sebastian', 'ideal canvas', 'revolutionary sphere', 'best part', 'unrivaled access', 'tangible perks', 'actual matches', 'first time', 'nurturing ground', 'up-close encounter', 'significant step', 'strong connection', 'significant milestone', 'loyal supporters', 'upcoming weeks', 'operational budget', 'financing plan', 'underlying assumptions', 'significant impact', 'French company', 'Non-Fungible Tokens', 'various sectors', 'direct exploitation', 'several investments', 'public offer', 'More information', 'rich history', 'blockchain technology', 'Close Partnership', 'momentous partnership', 'engaging mini-games', 'entertaining mini-games', 'selective projects', 'community involvement', 'cbicorp.io', '40,000 seats', 'AlphaVerse', 'ALCBI', 'Spain', 'alliance', 'beginning', 'emphasis', 'sense', 'cryptocurrency', 'distinctive', 'offerings', 'multitude', 'capacity', 'array', 'chance', 'tickets', 'NFTs', 'generations', 'visitors', 'legacy', 'future', 'collaboration', 'location', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Commercial', 'privilege', 'dedication', 'excellence', 'forces', 'innovation', 'sports', 'values', 'CEO', 'consortium', '60 experts', 'Web3', 'announcements', 'Disclaimer', 'realization', 'uncertainties', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'cryptocurrencies', 'entrepreneur', 'portfolio', 'finance', 'logistics', 'shares', 'details', 'realsociedad', 'eus', 'Contact']",2024-02-09,2024-02-09,actusnews.com
36007,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-1033049685,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,Cairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 09-Feb-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST The Company announces that on 8 February 2024 it purchased a total of 180 146 of its ordinary shares,"9 February 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 8 February 2024 it purchased a total of 180 146 of its ordinary sharesof EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 120 000 60 146 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.470 £1.253 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.454 £1.242 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.463843 £1.249525The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 651 114 211 shares  each carrying the right to one vote. TheCompany holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Numis Securities Ltd on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 5172 1.454 XDUB 08:49:16 00068812152TRLO0 1470 1.454 XDUB 08:49:16 00068812154TRLO0 1786 1.454 XDUB 08:49:16 00068812153TRLO0 2443 1.456 XDUB 09:19:52 00068813168TRLO0 2310 1.456 XDUB 09:19:52 00068813169TRLO0 5054 1.454 XDUB 09:27:59 00068813415TRLO0 426 1.454 XDUB 09:27:59 00068813414TRLO0 4712 1.460 XDUB 10:47:47 00068815382TRLO0 5250 1.460 XDUB 10:47:47 00068815383TRLO0 4952 1.454 XDUB 11:24:58 00068816467TRLO0 4849 1.460 XDUB 12:13:21 00068817454TRLO0 4903 1.470 XDUB 15:04:33 00068822165TRLO0 4705 1.470 XDUB 15:04:33 00068822166TRLO0 2615 1.470 XDUB 15:07:32 00068822229TRLO0 2296 1.470 XDUB 15:08:24 00068822246TRLO0 5564 1.470 XDUB 15:08:24 00068822247TRLO0 4517 1.466 XDUB 15:10:56 00068822380TRLO0 3221 1.466 XDUB 15:10:56 00068822379TRLO0 5183 1.464 XDUB 15:14:14 00068822500TRLO0 4826 1.466 XDUB 15:19:22 00068822680TRLO0 5230 1.466 XDUB 15:19:25 00068822681TRLO0 4826 1.464 XDUB 15:19:27 00068822682TRLO0 3708 1.466 XDUB 15:29:30 00068823125TRLO0 2271 1.468 XDUB 15:39:50 00068823447TRLO0 1910 1.468 XDUB 15:39:50 00068823449TRLO0 3311 1.468 XDUB 15:39:50 00068823448TRLO0 3132 1.466 XDUB 15:42:23 00068823666TRLO0 1352 1.466 XDUB 15:42:23 00068823665TRLO0 606 1.466 XDUB 15:42:23 00068823664TRLO0 1504 1.466 XDUB 15:49:23 00068824021TRLO0 852 1.466 XDUB 15:49:23 00068824020TRLO0 754 1.466 XDUB 15:53:41 00068824190TRLO0 1900 1.468 XDUB 16:04:19 00068824597TRLO0 1231 1.468 XDUB 16:04:19 00068824596TRLO0 1200 1.468 XDUB 16:06:19 00068824724TRLO0 3311 1.468 XDUB 16:06:19 00068824723TRLO0 164 1.468 XDUB 16:10:19 00068824957TRLO0 827 1.468 XDUB 16:10:19 00068824956TRLO0 3311 1.468 XDUB 16:10:19 00068824955TRLO0 595 1.468 XDUB 16:15:43 00068825154TRLO0 548 1.468 XDUB 16:15:45 00068825155TRLO0 1036 1.468 XDUB 16:16:02 00068825169TRLO0 167 1.468 XDUB 16:16:02 00068825168TRLO0London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.19,0.39,0.41,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Numis Securities Ltd', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Transaction Transaction reference number', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading Venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', 'Transaction Details', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'shares Price', 'one vote', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Company Secretary', 'The Company', '651,114,211 shares', '9 February', '8 February', 'broker', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'No', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00068812152TRLO0', '00068812154TRLO0', '00068812153TRLO0', '00068813168TRLO0', '00068813169TRLO0', '00068813415TRLO0', '00068813414TRLO0', '00068815382TRLO0', '00068815383TRLO0', '00068816467TRLO0', '00068817454TRLO0', '00068822165TRLO0', '00068822166TRLO0', '00068822229TRLO0', '00068822246TRLO0', '00068822247TRLO0', '00068822380TRLO0', '00068822379TRLO0', '00068822500TRLO0', '00068822680TRLO0', '00068822681TRLO0', '00068822682TRLO0', '00068823125TRLO0', '00068823447TRLO0', '00068823449TRLO0', '00068823448TRLO0', '00068823666TRLO0', '00068823665TRLO0', '00068823664TRLO0', '00068824021TRLO0', '00068824020TRLO0', '00068824190TRLO0', '00068824597TRLO0', '00068824596TRLO0', '00068824724TRLO0', '00068824723TRLO0', '00068824957TRLO0', '00068824956TRLO0', '00068824955TRLO0', '00068825154TRLO0', '00068825155TRLO0', '00068825169TRLO0']",2024-02-09,2024-02-09,markets.businessinsider.com
36008,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/kbc-securities-initiates-research-coverage-063000769.html,KBC Securities Initiates Research Coverage of ONWARD® Medical with a Buy Rating and Target Price of EUR 10.00 Per Share,ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announced that KBC Securities ,ONWARD Medical NVEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  Feb. 09  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announced that KBC Securities  part of the KBC Group -- a leading Belgian integrated bank-insurance group -- has initiated research coverage of ONWARD Medical with a Buy rating and Target Price of EUR 10.00 per share. This is a premium of 161% to the closing price of EUR 3.83 on February 8  2024.The initiation report was published February 8  2024. KBC joins three other banks whose research analysts cover ONWARD Medical  all of which maintain Buy ratings and Target Prices at substantial premiums to the current share price.“KBC Securities’ initiation of coverage reflects strong confidence in our ability to achieve this year’s milestones  which include the planned commercialization of our ARC-EX® platform later this year ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD Medical. “The KBC research team recognizes the potential value we can create for investors in coming quarters.”To learn more about ONWARD Medical’s commitment to partnering with the SCI Community to develop innovative solutions for restoring movement  function  and independence after spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.All ONWARD devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  and ARC Therapy™  alone or in combination with a brain-computer interface (BCI)  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About KBC SecuritiesKBC Securities is the corporate bank within the KBC Group. They offer corporate clients a total solution; from strategic advice and guidance on mergers and acquisitions or financing solutions via the equity markets (IPOs  capital increases  share buybacks) to structured debt financing or setting up and managing specialized investment funds. They maintain the largest research group in Belgium  including a dedicated life sciences team. KBC Securities is active in Belgium  France  the United Kingdom  the Netherlands  and Germany. Through partnership within the Oaklins network  their contacts also extend further afield.Story continuesFor Securities Enquiries:Wim Lewi  Head of Researchwim.lewi@kbcsecurities.beAbout ONWARD MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of science and preclinical research conducted at leading neuroscience laboratories  the Company has received nine Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration for its ARC Therapy™ platform.ONWARD® ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by external ARC-EX or implantable ARC-IM systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation. Positive results were presented in 2023 from the Company’s pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability for transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing regulatory approval submissions for ARC-EX for the US and Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting studies with its implantable ARC-IM platform  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation  a component of hemodynamic instability  following SCI. Other ongoing studies include combination use of ARC-IM with a brain-computer interface (BCI) to address multiple symptoms of SCI.Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD Medical has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company also has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL)  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV).ONWARD Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com  and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.For Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Khaled Bahi  Interim CFOinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  are investigational and not available for commercial use.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.22,0.55,True,English,"['KBC Securities', 'Research Coverage', 'ONWARD® Medical', 'Buy Rating', 'Target Price', 'EUR', 'Share', 'leading Belgian integrated bank-insurance group', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'nine Breakthrough Device Designations', 'dedicated life sciences team', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord injury', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'three other banks', 'specialized investment funds', 'upper extremity strength', 'regulatory approval submissions', 'blood pressure regulation', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'largest research group', 'ARC Therapy™ platform', 'implantable ARC-IM systems', 'Other ongoing studies', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'KBC research team', 'ONWARD® ARC Therapy', 'ONWARD Medical NV', 'implantable ARC-IM platform', 'current share price', 'KBC Securities’ initiation', 'medical technology company', 'KBC Group', 'Interim CFO', 'Positive results', 'initiation report', 'current expectations', 'Target Price', 'closing price', 'research analysts', 'ONWARD devices', 'Research wim', 'preclinical research', 'ARC-EX® platform', 'Securities Enquiries', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Buy rating', 'substantial premiums', 'strong confidence', 'Dave Marver', 'potential value', 'coming quarters', 'innovative solutions', 'brain-computer interface', 'commercial use', 'corporate bank', 'corporate clients', 'total solution', 'strategic advice', 'financing solutions', 'equity markets', 'capital increases', 'share buybacks', 'debt financing', 'United Kingdom', 'Oaklins network', 'Wim Lewi', 'a decade', 'Drug Administration', 'pivotal study', 'hemodynamic instability', 'multiple symptoms', 'Engineering Center', 'Media Enquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'VP Communications', 'Investor Enquiries', 'Khaled Bahi', 'financial effects', 'research coverage', 'forward-looking statements', 'US Food', 'US office', 'actual results', 'external ARC-EX', 'combination use', 'academic partnership', 'Euronext Brussels', 'press release', 'future events', 'several risks', 'actual events', 'The Company', 'innovative therapies', 'movement disabilities', 'SCI Community', 'ARC-IM®', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', 'ONWD', 'function', 'independence', 'people', 'February', 'year', 'milestones', 'commercialization', 'CEO', 'investors', 'commitment', 'BCI', 'guidance', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'IPOs', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Germany', 'contacts', 'Story', 'Head', 'kbcsecurities', 'Europe', 'parallel', 'component', 'Switzerland', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'EPFL', 'CHUV', 'Amsterdam', 'ticker', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development']",2024-02-09,2024-02-09,finance.yahoo.com
