UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
55693,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3270352/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-Number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-March-31-2026.html,BUREAU VERITAS: Number of shares and voting rights as of March 31  2026,REGULATED INFORMATION  Courbevoie  France – April 8  2026  Information on number of shares and voting rights as provided by article 223-16 of the general...,REGULATED INFORMATIONCourbevoie  France – April 8  2026Information on number of shares and voting rights as provided by article 223-16 of the general regulations of the French financial markets authority AMFIssuer: Bureau VeritasDate Number of shares (1) Number of voting rights 31/03/2026 453 943 782Theoretical number of voting rights: 560 838 443Number of exercisable voting rights: 550 620 613(1) including the new shares issued in Euroclear as a result of the exercise of stock options since January 1  2026  if any.Bureau Veritas Head Office Tel: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 00 Société Anonyme Tour Alto Fax: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 01 (Limited liability corporation) 4  Place des Saisons www.bureauveritas.com Share capital of EUR 54 464 582.40 92400 Courbevoie RCS Nanterre 775 690 621 FranceAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['BUREAU VERITAS', 'voting rights', 'Number', 'shares', 'March', 'Société Anonyme Tour Alto Fax', 'French financial markets authority', 'Bureau Veritas Head Office', 'Limited liability corporation', 'Place des Saisons', '92400 Courbevoie RCS Nanterre', 'exercisable voting rights', 'general regulations', 'AMF Issuer', 'stock options', 'Share capital', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'France Attachment', 'Date Number', 'Theoretical number', 'new shares', 'April', 'article', 'Euroclear', 'result', 'exercise', 'January', 'bureauveritas', '33', '1']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55694,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3269845/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Luotea-Plc.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Luotea Plc,Luotea PlcStock exchange release8 April 2026 at 11:15 am  NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   Notice is given to the shareholders of Luotea Plc of the...,Luotea PlcStock exchange release8 April 2026 at 11:15 amNOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Luotea Plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  29 April 2026  at 4:00 pm (Finnish time) in Valkea talo  at the address of Ilkantie 4  Haaga  00400 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets will commence at 3:00 pm (Finnish time).Shareholders can exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C “Instructions for the participants in the meeting”.It is possible to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.luotea.com/investors/general-meeting-2026 . It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders rights.After the Annual General Meeting  coffee will be served at the meeting venue.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting for the year 2025Review by the President and CEO.7. Adoption of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.07 per share be paid on the basis of the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2025. The dividend will be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for dividend payment  4 May 2026. The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the dividend be paid on 11 May 2026.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2025 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The Remuneration Report is available on the Company’s website at www.luotea.com/investors/remuneration/report2025 on 8 April 2026.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors be as follows:– Chairman  EUR 50 000 per year (2025: EUR 50 000);– Vice Chairman  EUR 30 000 per year (2025: EUR 30 000); and– members  EUR 27 000 per year (2025: EUR 27 000).However  if a member of the Board of Directors were to serve as the chairman of the Audit Committee or the Personnel and Sustainability Committee and not simultaneously serve as the chairman or vice chairman of the Board of Directors  their annual remuneration will be EUR 30 000.It is proposed that the fees be paid so that 40 % of the annual fee is paid in Luotea Plc’s shares held by the Company or  if this is not feasible  shares acquired from the market  and 60 % in cash. Notwithstanding the above  the annual fee can be paid fully in cash if  due to legal  tax  or other regulatory restrictions  or for any other reason related to the Company or a member of the Board of Directors  the fee cannot be paid in shares.In addition  it is proposed that the meeting fees for the members of the Board of Directors are as follows: EUR 1 000 per meeting to the Chairman  EUR 700 per meeting to the Vice Chairman and EUR 500 per meeting to the other members of the Board. In accordance with the proposal  meeting fees will also be paid to the Chairman and members of committees established by the Board of Directors as follows: Chairman EUR 700 and ordinary members EUR 500.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that all of the current members  Johan Mild  Pasi Tolppanen  Anna-Maria Ronkainen  Soile Kankaanpää  Juuso Maijala and Timo Karppinen  be re-elected as new members to the Board of Directors. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that Johan Mild be elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Pasi Tolppanen as Vice Chairman.All candidates have given their consent to the election and are independent of the Company and its significant shareholders. The term of the members of the Board of Directors expires at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2027.The CVs of the members of the Board of Directors are presented on Luotea’s website at www.luotea.com/company/board-of-directors .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that the Auditor’s remuneration be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the Company.The Board of Directors further proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider’s remuneration be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  be re-elected as the Company's auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it will appoint Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the Company’s auditor with principal responsibility.16. Election of the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm  be elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that Samuli Perälä  Authorised Sustainability Auditor  would act as the Company’s responsible authorised sustainability auditor.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares under the following terms and conditions:By virtue of the authorisation  the Board of Directors is authorised to decide on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of a maximum of 2 000 000 Company’s own shares using the Company’s non-restricted equity. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company’s total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting.Shares may be repurchased in one or more lots. The Company’s own shares will be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company’s shareholders through trading on regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (“Stock Exchange”) at the market price quoted at the time of the repurchase. Shares will be acquired and paid for in accordance with the rules of the Stock Exchange and Euroclear Finland Oy.The purpose of the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of shares is to develop the Company’s capital structure and/or to use the shares as consideration in potential acquisitions  other business arrangements  as part of the Company’s share-based incentive programme  or to finance investments. The repurchased shares may either be held by the Company or be cancelled or conveyed.The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of shares. The authorisation shall be valid for 18 months. The authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations for repurchasing the Company's own shares.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more instalments  on issuance of new shares or shares possibly held by the Company through share issue and/or issuance of option rights or other special rights entitling to shares  referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  so that by virtue of the authorisation altogether 2 000 000 shares may be issued and/or conveyed at the maximum. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company’s total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting.It is proposed that the authorisation be used for the financing or execution of potential acquisitions or other arrangements or investments relating to the Company’s business  for the implementation of the Company’s incentive scheme or for other purposes subject to the Board of Directors’ decision.It is proposed that the authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms and conditions of the share issue and the issuance of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The authorisation thus includes the right to issue shares also in a proportion other than that of the shareholders’ current shareholdings in the Company under the conditions provided in law  the right to issue shares against payment or without charge as well as the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the Company itself  subject to the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act on the maximum amount of treasury shares.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid for 18 months. The authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.19. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThis notice  including all the proposals  is available on Luotea Plc’s website at www.luotea.com/investors/general-meeting-2026 . The financial statements of Luotea Plc  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability report)  the Auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting as well as the Remuneration Report are available on the above-mentioned website on 8 April 2026. The above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as of 13 May 2026 at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting  17 April 2026  in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  including an equity savings account  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the General Meeting will begin on 9 April 2026 at 10:00 am (Finnish time). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than Friday  24 April 2026 at 10:00 am (Finnish time)  by which time the registration must be received. The registration may be made:a) on the Company’s website at www.luotea.com/investors/general-meeting-2026 .Electronic registration requires strong authentication of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) by email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the Company’s website  or corresponding information  addressed to agm@innovatics.fic) by telephone registration through Innovatics at +358 10 281 8909 on weekdays at 9:00 am - 12:00 pm and 1:00 - 4:00 pm (Finnish time)When registering by telephone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance.d) by regular mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the Company’s website or corresponding information  addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Luotea Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder must state the requested information such as their name  date of birth/company identification number  e-mail address or telephone number as well as the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth and telephone number or e-mail address of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Luotea Plc and Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder  their representative or proxy representative shall  on demand  be able to prove their identity and/or right to representation at the meeting venue.Further information regarding the registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the General Meeting’s registration period by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 281 8909 on weekdays at 9:00 am - 12:00 noon and 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm (Finnish time).2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the General Meeting  17 April 2026  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 24 April 2026  by 10:00 am. As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents  registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from their custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily into the Company's shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  arrange advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the end of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders. Further information is also available on the Company's website at www.luotea.com/investors/general-meeting-2026 .3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents shall be delivered before the end of the registration period primarily as attachments in connection with electronic or e-mail registration or alternatively as originals by mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Luotea Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  a shareholder or their proxy representative shall ensure that they have registered for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice. The proxy and voting instruction form is available on the Company’s website at www.luotea.com/investors/general-meeting-2026 .Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of the traditional proxy document for authorising a proxy representative. The proxy representative is nominated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). The proxy representative is required to identify themself with strong electronic authentication in the general meeting service when registering  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank codes or mobile certificate. More information on the electronic authorisation is available on www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations .4. Advance votingA shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  including an equity savings account  can participate in the General Meeting by voting in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 9 April 2026 to 24 April 2026 10:00 ama) on the Company’s website www.luotea.com/investors/general-meeting-2026 ; orb) by mail or email by submitting the advance voting form  which is available on the Company’s website at www.luotea.com/investors/general-meeting-2026   or corresponding information  to Innovatics Oy by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Luotea Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by the recipient by the end of the advance voting period.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information or the right to request a vote stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act or to vote on a possible counterproposal unless the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance during the registration period for the nominee registered shares on behalf of the represented nominee registered shareholders in accordance with the voting instructions given by them.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. The terms and conditions  and other instructions for electronic advance voting are available on the Company's website www.luotea.com/investors/general-meeting-2026 .5. Other instructions and informationThe language of the general meeting will be Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes.On the date of this notice to the General Meeting  the total number of shares and votes in Luotea Plc is 38 798 874.Shareholders are requested to note that following the meeting via webcast is not considered as official participation in the meeting unless the shareholder has voted in advance.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone from +358 10 281 8909 on weekdays at 9:00 am - 12:00 pm and 1:00 - 4:00 pm (Finnish time).Helsinki  8 April 2026LUOTEA PLCBoard of DirectorsAntti NiitynpääCEOFor additional information  please contactHeikki Eskola  General Counsel  tel. +358 50 586 5907Luotea is a real estate service company that provides comprehensive solutions throughout the entire lifecycle of properties  integrating energy efficiency and data-driven technologies. Luotea’s services enhance property value and create the best possible conditions for property users. Our offering includes a wide range of advanced property maintenance  technical  and consulting services  as well as cleaning and support services.Luotea operates in Finland and Sweden. In 2025  the company’s revenue totaled €346 million  and it employs approximately 5 000 people. Luotea is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMediawww.luotea.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.33,0.67,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Luotea Plc', 'Notice', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'other regulatory restrictions', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'shareholders rights', 'shareholders’ register', 'annual remuneration', 'Finnish time', 'other reason', 'annual fee', 'Valkea talo', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'sustainability reporting', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'Audit Committee', 'Sustainability Committee', 'legal, tax', 'Johan Mild', 'Pasi Tolppanen', 'Anna-Maria Ronkainen', 'Soile Kankaanpää', 'Juuso Maijala', 'Timo Karppinen', 'The Board', 'assurance report', 'meeting venue', '10. Remuneration Report', 'other members', 'Luotea Plc', 'advance voting', 'financial year', 'meeting fees', 'Vice Chairman', 'ordinary members', 'current members', 'new members', 'dividend payment', 'April', 'NOTICE', 'Wednesday', 'address', 'Ilkantie', 'Haaga', '00400 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'Company', 'website', 'investors', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'exercise', 'coffee', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'basis', '11 May', 'discharge', 'liability', 'accordance', 'report2025', 'Personnel', 'shares', 'market', 'cash', 'addition', 'committees', 'number', 'candidates', 'consent', '11:15', '4:00', '3:00']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55695,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3269926/0/en/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Rapala-VMC-Corporation.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Rapala VMC Corporation,RAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Notice to general meeting  April 8  2026 at 01:01 p.m. EEST  The shareholders of Rapala VMC Corporation (“Rapala VMC” or the...,RAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Notice to general meeting  April 8  2026 at 01:01 p.m. EESTThe shareholders of Rapala VMC Corporation (“Rapala VMC” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held on Wednesday 29 April 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST).The meeting will be held as a remote meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 3 of the Finnish Companies Act  in which shareholders fully exercise their decision-making powers by the use of telecommunications and technical means during the meeting in real time. Instructions on participation are provided in section C of this notice. The language of the Annual General Meeting is Finnish.The shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions on advance voting are provided in section C. 6. of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1.Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Consolidated Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the Assurance Report on the Sustainability Reporting for the year 2025Presentation of the CEO’s review.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendOn 31 December 2025  the Company’s distributable equity totalled EUR 14 077 160 of which the net profit for the year 2025 was EUR -10 356 073.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year which ended 31 December 2025 and the loss be retained and carried further in the Company’s unrestricted equity.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEOs from liability for the financial year 202510. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 44.18 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company propose to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors remain unchanged and the members be paid as follows: EUR 70 000 for the Chairman and EUR 25 000 for other members of the Board of Directors. It is proposed that Board members be paid EUR 1 000 per meeting for attendance at meetings of the Board and its committees. Board members’ remuneration will not be paid to Board members who have an employment or service contract with the Company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 44.18 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company propose to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors be six (6).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 44.18 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company propose to the Annual General Meeting that the current board members Emmanuel Viellard  Julia Aubertin  Vesa Luhtanen  Alexander Rosenlew  Pascal Lebard and Johan Berg be re-elected for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The composition of the board of directors will be considered as a whole.Further information on the proposed members and their independence is available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/board_of_directors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid according to the invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorised Public Accountants Firm Deloitte Ltd  which has informed the Company that Jenny Lindvall  APA  will serve as the responsible auditor  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurer be paid according to the invoice approved by the Company.17. Election of the sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Deloitte Ltd  Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm  be re-elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurer. Deloitte Ltd has notified that Jenny Lindvall  ASA  will serve as the responsible sustainability auditor.The term of the sustainability reporting assurer will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board be authorised to resolve on one or several share issues and the issue of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The total maximum number of shares to be issued under the authorisation shall be 3 900 000 shares corresponding to 10.00 per cent of all current shares in the Company as at the date of this notice. The maximum number above concerns the share issue and the issue of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation can also be used for incentive arrangements for the management and key personnel; however  no more than 900 000 shares in total may be granted for this purpose.The share issue may either be made against payment or without payment. The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to issue the shares or option rights and other special rights otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed share issue) if the Company has a weighty financial reason to do so. The directed share issue may be without payment only if the Company has an especially weighty financial reason to do so and the interests of all the Company’s shareholders are taken into consideration. The Board would be authorised to resolve on all terms and conditions of share issues and option rights and the issue of other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the Company’s own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until 30 June 2027. This authorisation will cancel the authorisation to resolve on the issuance of shares and special rights granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 8 May 2025.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to resolve  in one or several instalments  on the repurchase of a maximum of 2 000 000 of the Company’s own shares. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.13 per cent of the Company’s total number of shares as at the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting.The shares would be repurchased using the Company’s unrestricted equity  and thus  the repurchases will reduce funds available for distribution. The shares can be repurchased for developing the Company’s capital structure  for financing or carrying out corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements  to be used as a part of the Company’s remuneration or incentive plan or to be otherwise transferred further or cancelled  for example.In accordance with the resolution of the Board of Directors  the shares can also be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the shareholders as directed repurchases. The shares are repurchased at the market price of the shares quoted on the trading venues where the Company’s shares are subject to public trading or at the price otherwise established on the market at the time of the repurchase. The Board of Directors is authorised to resolve on all other matters related to the repurchase of the Company’s own shares  including how the shares will be repurchased. Among other means  derivatives may be used in acquiring the shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until 30 June 2027. The authorisation will cancel the authorisation to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 8 May 2025.20. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe proposed resolutions above that are on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Rapala VMC Corporation’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2026.The Financial Statements  the Consolidated Financial Statement  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report  the Assurance Report on the Sustainability Reporting and the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies for the financial year 2025  will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than on 8 April 2026.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on 13 May 2026 at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1.The right to participateEach shareholder who is on 17 April 2026  the record date for the Annual General Meeting  registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate and vote in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register. If you do not have a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account  see section 3. “Holder of nominee-registered shares”.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.2. RegistrationRegistration for the Annual General Meeting begins on 9 April 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). A shareholder entered in the shareholders’ register of the Company whose shares are registered in the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the Annual General Meeting by 22 April 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received. The registration for the General Meeting can be made:a) Through the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2026.Online registration requires strong electronic identification from the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative using Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2026 no later than on 9 April 2026 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder registers for the General Meeting by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed a registration for the General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information mentioned on the form required for registration.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or possible business ID  telephone number and/or email address as well as the name  date of birth  telephone number and/or email address of the shareholder’s possible assistant and/or proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data given to Rapala VMC Corporation or Innovatics Ltd is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of related registrations.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Ltd’s telephone number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m. (EEST).3. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the shareholder on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on 17 April 2026 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 24 April 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to contact his/her custodian bank in good time to request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from such shareholder’s custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting temporarily in the shareholders’ register of the Company by the time stated above  and if necessary  arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to the holders of nominee-registered shares.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the General Meeting may also participate in the remote meeting by the use of telecommunications and technical means in real time. In addition to the temporary registration into the shareholders’ register  the real-time participation in the remote meeting requires the delivery of the shareholder’s email address and telephone number and  if necessary  a power of attorney and other necessary documents to prove the right of representation by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  before the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee-registered shares  so that the holder of nominee-registered shares can be sent a participation link and password to participate in the remote meeting.If a holder of nominee-registered shares has authorised his/her custodian bank to vote in advance on his/her behalf  the votes cast in this way will be taken into account as advance votes of the holder of nominee-registered shares at the General Meeting  unless the holder of nominee-registered shares votes otherwise at the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights in the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative of the shareholder may also vote in advance as instructed in section C. 6. of these instructions.The proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A proxy template is available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2026 no later than on 9 April 2026.Any proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting  or alternatively by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting a proxy document  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall ensure that they register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in section C. 2. of these instructions.Delivery of a proxy document and the registration and advance voting form mentioned in Section C. 2. b) to Innovatics Ltd before the end of the registration period is deemed a registration for the General Meeting  provided that they set forth the information necessary for the registration.If a proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting  it is recommended to vote in advance. Even if the proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting  only one attendance link and password will be provided to the proxy representative for all shareholders the proxy representative represents. The proxy representative will therefore not need to log into the service separately on behalf of each shareholder but shall still ensure the exercise of shareholders’ rights by voting on behalf of each shareholder separately.A shareholder may authorise a proxy representative by using the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service as an alternative to a traditional proxy document. The proxy representative is authorised via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’). When registering for the General Meeting service  the proxy representative must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish bank ID or mobile certificate. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.5. Participation instructionsShareholders who have the right to participate in the General Meeting may participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights during the meeting in full and in real time via remote connection.Shareholders may exercise their right to request information during the meeting orally.The remote connection to the General Meeting will be implemented through Inderes Oyj’s virtual AGM service using the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require software or downloads subject to a charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio playback as well as a microphone for oral questions and comments. The following browsers are recommended for remote participation: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari  and Opera. Shareholders are responsible for their internet connections and devices during the meeting.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or SMS to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided at the time of registration by the day before the meeting  28 April 2026  at 4:00 p.m. (EEST) at the latest. It is recommended to log into the meeting system before the meeting starts.Shareholders who have voted in advance can also participate in the General Meeting via the remote connection. The votes cast in advance will be taken into account in the resolution of the General Meeting  regardless of whether such shareholders participate in the General Meeting remotely or not. Shareholders participating in the meeting remotely will be able to change their advance votes during the meeting  should a vote take place.For more information on the AGM service  additional instructions for proxy holders representing more than one shareholder  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of possible disruptions  please visit https://vagm.fi/support and a link to test the compatibility of your computer  smartphone or tablet with the internet connection can be found at https://b2b.inderes.com/knowledge-base/compatibility-testing. It is recommended to consult the detailed attendance instructions before the start of the General Meeting.6. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting between 9 April 2026 at 10:00 a.m. and 22 April 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST) in the following ways:a) Through the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2026. Shareholders can sign into the advance voting service the same way as to the electronic registration service referred to above in section C. 2. a) of these instructions.b) By email or by mail sending the advance voting form available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2026 no later than on 9 April 2026 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd  by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi. Advance votes must be received before the advance voting period expires.If the shareholder participates in the General Meeting by voting in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed also a registration for the General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the required information mentioned in both the registration section and the advance voting section of the form.A proposed resolution that is subject to advance voting is considered to be presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a vote at the real-time General Meeting also in circumstances where an alternative resolution has been proposed concerning the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholders who voted in advance are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting. Unless shareholders voting in advance are present at the General Meeting in person or by way of proxy representation via remote connection  they will not be able to make counterproposals  vote for a possible counterproposal  or use their rights under the Companies Act to request information or a vote.Holders of nominee-registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares they represent in accordance with the shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee-registered shares.7. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder participating in the Annual General Meeting via remote connection has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.On the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting 8 April 2026  the total number of shares and votes in Rapala VMC Corporation is 39 000 000. On the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the Company holds 123 891 treasury shares. Pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act  shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries are not entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  8 April 2026RAPALA VMC CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsAdditional InformationFor additional information  please contact: Tuomo Leino  Investor Relations (tel. +358 9 7562 540)About Rapala VMC CorporationRapala VMC Group is the world’s leading fishing tackle company with a largest distribution network in the industry. The Group is a global market leader in fishing lures  treble hooks and fishing related knives and tools. The main manufacturing facilities are in Finland  France  Estonia  and the UK. The Group’s brand portfolio includes leading brands in the industry such as Rapala  VMC  Sufix  13Fishing as well as Okuma in Europe. The Group  with net sales of EUR 228 million in 2025  employs some 1 400 people in approximately 40 countries. Rapala VMC Corporation’s share is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange since 1998.www.rapalavmc.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Rapala VMC Corporation', 'Notice', 'Authorised Public Accountants Firm Deloitte Ltd', 'Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm', 'next Annual General Meeti', 'sustainability reporting assurer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'RAPALA VMC CORPORATION', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'responsible sustainability auditor', 'current board members', 'annual remuneration', 'Board members’ remuneration', 'remote meeting', 'decision-making powers', 'technical means', 'real time', 'voting rights', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable equity', 'unrestricted equity', 'Governing Bodies', '44.18 per cent', 'service contract', 'Emmanuel Viellard', 'Julia Aubertin', 'Vesa Luhtanen', 'Alexander Rosenlew', 'Pascal Lebard', 'Johan Berg', 'Further information', 'corporate website', 'Jenny Lindvall', 'responsible auditor', 'financial year', 'section C', 'other members', 'Wednesday 29 April', 'advance voting', 'A. MATTERS', 'Assurance Report', 'net profit', 'Remuneration Report', 'The Board', '10:00 a', 'Notice', 'EEST', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'use', 'telecommunications', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'language', 'AGENDA', '1.Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'review', 'Resolution', 'distribution', 'dividend', '31 December', 'loss', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'shares', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'committees', 'employment', 'number', 'term', 'composition', 'independence', 'investors', 'rapalavmc', 'invoice', 'ASA', '01:01', '10.']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55696,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3270270/0/en/Siili-Solutions-Plc-Resolutions-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-and-Board-of-Directors.html,Siili Solutions Plc: Resolutions of the Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors,Siili Solutions Plc: Resolutions of the Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors  Siili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release 8 April 2026 at 17.00 pm...,Siili Solutions Plc: Resolutions of the Annual General Meeting and Board of DirectorsSiili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release 8 April 2026 at 17.00 pm EESTSiili Solutions Plc’s Annual General Meeting of shareholders was held today  8 April 2026 starting at 2:00 p.m. EEST at the address Töölönlahdenkatu 2  Helsinki  Finland in Flik event studio Eliel.Adoption of the financial statements and discharge of liabilityThe Annual General Meeting adopted the financial statements for the year 2025 including the consolidated financial statements and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability.DividendThe General Meeting resolved that  based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial period 2025  a dividend of EUR 0.07 per share will be paid from the Company’s distributable funds  i.e.  approximately EUR 0.57 million in total  and that the rest of the distributable funds be retained in equity.The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date 10 April 2026 are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In accordance with the proposal  the dividend will be paid on 17 April 2026.Remuneration reportThe General Meeting approved the remuneration report for the governing bodies. The resolution was advisory.Board composition  remuneration of the Board of Directors  auditor  assurer of sustainability reporting and remuneration of the auditorIt was confirmed that the number of members of the Board of Directors to be elected is five (5). The General Meeting resolved  according to the proposal of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  to re-elect for the next term of office the current members of the Board of Directors Harry Brade  Jesse Maula  Henna Mäkinen  Katarina Cantell and Sebastian Nyström.In accordance with the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  the General Meeting resolved to keep the Board remuneration unchanged and as follows: The Chair of the Board is paid EUR 3 850 per month  the Deputy Chair EUR 2 500 per month and the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500 per month and other members EUR 2 000 per month. The Chairs of the Board of Directors’ Committees are paid EUR 200 per month for their work on the Committee  in addition to which all Committee members are paid a meeting fee of EUR 300 per meeting. In addition  the members of the Board of Directors receive compensation for travel expenses in line with the Company’s business travel policy.Audit firm  authorised sustainability audit firm KPMG Oy Ab was re-elected as the Company’s auditor and assurer of the Company’s sustainability reporting for the following term of office. APA  ASA Petri Sammalisto was elected as the principal auditor and principal sustainability auditor in accordance with KPMG Oy Ab’s statement.In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the General Meeting resolved that the auditor and sustainability reporting assurer of the Company be paid remuneration in accordance with the reasonable invoice.If the amendment to the Accounting Act currently under consideration in Parliament  which is based on the European Union’s Omnibus I package and aims to narrow the scope of sustainability reporting  is approved as proposed  the company will not be required to prepare a sustainability report. If the company does not prepare a sustainability report  the role of a sustainability reporting assurer will be redundant.Board authorisationsThe General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares under the following terms:Using the Company’s unrestricted equity  a maximum of 814 000 shares may be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge in one or more tranches  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the Company.The shares will be repurchased in trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy’s regulated market at a price formed in public trading on the date of repurchase. The Company’s own shares shall be repurchased to be used for carrying out acquisitions or implementing other arrangements related to the Company’s business  for optimising the Company’s capital structure  for implementing the Company’s incentive scheme or otherwise to be transferred further or cancelled.Own shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The share purchase will decrease the Company’s distributable unrestricted equity. The Board of Directors resolves on all other terms and conditions for the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares.The authorisation remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no later than until 30 June 2027. The authorisation revokes earlier unused authorisations to resolve on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares.Further  the General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares within the meaning of chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or more tranches either against consideration or free of consideration.The number of shares to be issued  including shares received on the basis of the special rights shall not exceed a maximum of 814 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the Company. The Board of Directors may resolve either to issue new shares or to transfer treasury shares held by the Company. The total maximum number of shares to be issued for the purpose of share-based incentive and commitment schemes is 185 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 2.3% of all the shares in the Company. The maximum number of shares intended for the incentive or commitment schemes is included in the maximum number of the issuance authorisation referred to above.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to resolve on all terms of the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue). The authorisation may be used to strengthen the Company’s balance sheet and financial position  to pay purchase prices for acquisitions  in share-based incentive or commitment schemes or for other purposes resolved by the Board of Directors.The authorisation remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no later than until 30 June 2027. The authorisation revokes earlier authorisations concerning share issues and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.Constitutive meeting of the Board of DirectorsIn its constitutive meeting held after the General Meeting  the Board of Directors elected Harry Brade as its Chair and Jesse Maula as its Vice Chair.The Board of Directors also appointed the members to its committees. Henna Mäkinen  Jesse Maula  Katarina Cantell and Sebastian Nyström were elected to the Audit Committee. Henna Mäkinen was elected as the Chair of the Audit Committee. Harry Brade  Katarina Cantell and Jesse Maula were elected as the members of the HR committee. Harry Brade was elected as the Chair of the HR Committee.All members elected to the Board of Directors are considered independent of the Company  as assessed by the Board of Directors. All members of the Board of Directors  apart from Harry Brade  are considered independent of the significant shareholders of the Company. Harry Brade is the CEO of the Company’s significant shareholder Lamy Oy.SIILI SOLUTIONS PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSFurther information:Taru Kovanen  General CounselPhone: +358 (0)40 4176 221Email: taru.kovanen(at)siili.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMain mediawww.siili.comSiili Solutions in brief:Siili Solutions Plc is a forerunner in AI-powered digital development. Siili is the go-to partner for clients seeking growth  efficiency and competitive advantage through digital transformation. Our main markets are Finland  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  and Germany. Siili Solutions Plc’s shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange. Siili has grown profitably since its founding in 2005. www.siili.com/en,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['Siili Solutions Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Siili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Flik event studio Eliel', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Henna Mäkinen', 'Sebastian Nyström', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'ASA Petri Sammalisto', 'Omnibus I package', 'special rights entitlin', 'earlier unused authorisations', 'The General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'business travel policy', 'sustainability audit firm', 'sustainability reporting assurer', 'distributable unrestricted equity', 'principal sustainability auditor', 'dividend record date', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'next term', 'meeting fee', 'travel expenses', 'distributable funds', 'The Board', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'governing bodies', 'Harry Brade', 'Jesse Maula', 'Katarina Cantell', 'Audit Committee', 'following term', 'principal auditor', 'reasonable invoice', 'Accounting Act', 'European Union', 'other arrangements', 'capital structure', 'incentive scheme', 'other terms', 'Board authorisations', 'The Company', 'shareholders’ register', 'Remuneration report', 'current members', 'other members', 'public trading', 'share purchase', 'Board composition', 'Deputy Chair', 'Committee members', 'Own shares', 'Directors’ Committees', 'Board remuneration', '814,000 shares', 'Resolutions', 'April', 'EEST', 'address', 'Adoption', 'discharge', 'liability', 'year', 'CEO', 'total', 'accordance', 'proposal', 'number', 'office', 'month', 'Chairs', 'work', 'addition', 'compensation', 'line', 'authorised', 'APA', 'amendment', 'consideration', 'Parliament', 'scope', 'role', 'repurchase', 'acceptance', 'pledge', 'maximum', 'one', 'tranches', 'market', 'price', 'acquisitions', 'proportion', 'shareholdings', 'conditions', 'force', '30 June', 'issuance', '17.00', '2:00']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55697,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3270353/0/en/Euronext-announces-volumes-for-March-2026.html,Euronext announces volumes for March 2026,Euronext announces volumes for March 2026  Amsterdam  Athens  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 April 2026 – Euronext  the leading...,"Euronext announces volumes for March 2026Amsterdam  Athens  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 April 2026 – Euronext  the leading European capital market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for March 2026.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTSANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comInvestor Relations Judith Stein +33 6 15 23 91 97Margaux Kurver +33 6 84 16 85 03MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.comEurope Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13Sandra Machado +351 917 776 897Belgium Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01France  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45Greece Ioulia Zafolia +30 694 570 1070Ireland Catalina Augspach +33 6 82 09 99 70Italy Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56The Netherlands Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33Norway Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10Portugal Sandra Machado +351 917 776 897About EuronextEuronext is the leading European capital market infrastructure  covering the entire capital markets value chain  from listing  trading  clearing  settlement and custody  to solutions for issuers and investors. Euronext runs MTS  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets  and Nord Pool  the European power market. Euronext also provides clearing and settlement services through Euronext Clearing and its Euronext Securities CSDs in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. In November 2025  Euronext acquired a majority stake in the Athens Stock Exchange (ATHEX)  reinforcing its pan-European footprint and further extending its fully integrated market infrastructure with the addition of an exchange  a CSD and a clearing house.As of March 2026  Euronext’s regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Greece  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal host over 1 800 listed issuers with €7 trillion in market capitalisation  a strong blue-chip franchise and the largest global centre for debt and fund listings. With a diverse domestic and international client base  Euronext handles 29% of European lit equity trading. Its products include equities  FX  ETFs  bonds  derivatives  commodities and indices.For the latest news and resources  please visit the Media Centre. Follow us on X and LinkedIn for regular updates.DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2026  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'March', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'entire capital markets value chain', 'leading European capital market infrastructure', 'European lit equity trading', 'Norway Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'data subject request form', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'integrated market infrastructure', 'European power market', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella', 'strong blue-chip franchise', 'international client base', 'largest global centre', 'applicable national laws', 'Ireland Catalina Augspach', 'Italy Ester Russom', 'press release service', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext Securities CSDs', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Belgium Marianne Aalders', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'The Euronext Group', 'European Parliament', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'trading volumes', 'personal data', 'applicable legislation', 'Investor Relations', 'Judith Stein', 'Margaux Kurver', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sandra Machado', 'Ioulia Zafolia', 'The Netherlands', 'Nord Pool', 'majority stake', 'pan-European footprint', 'fund listings', 'diverse domestic', 'latest news', 'Media Centre', 'regular updates', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'privacy statement', 'applicable rules', 'settlement services', 'clearing house', '1,800 listed issuers', 'financial products', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Euronext Clearing', 'March', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '8 April', 'Monthly', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'mediateam', 'France', 'Greece', 'Portugal', 'custody', 'solutions', 'MTS', 'Denmark', 'November', 'ATHEX', 'addition', 'exchanges', 'debt', 'equities', 'FX', 'ETFs', 'bonds', 'derivatives', 'commodities', 'indices', 'resources', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'request_information', 'data-subjects', 'rights-request', 'dpo', 'Attachment']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55698,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3270373/0/en/Bolobedu-Solar-power-plant-reaches-commissioning-in-South-Africa.html,Bolobedu Solar power plant reaches commissioning in South Africa,Bolobedu Solar power plant reaches commissioning in South Africa  Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable...,Bolobedu Solar power plant reaches commissioning in South AfricaVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies announces the full commissioning1 of Bolobedu solar farm  located in South Africa’s Limpopo province.This project  with a total installed capacity of 148 megawatts  is one of the largest in South Africa dedicated to meet the energy needs of a single company via Eskom Transmission Network through a wheeling agreement. It is part of a long-term contract (CPPA) with Richards Bay Minerals (RBM)  South Africa’s world leader in heavy mineral sands extraction and refining and a subsidiary of the Anglo-Australian metals and mining group  Rio Tinto.The farm will supply around 300 gigawatt-hours per year  helping reduce CO₂ emissions by more than 237 000 tonnes annually - an amount equivalent to the yearly electricity consumption of 425 000 inhabitants.Beyond its technical achievement  the Bolobedu solar farm is already delivering strong local benefits. During construction  around 800 residents from the three host communities were employed  including 56% youth and 21% women. Local workers received on-the-job training in engineering support  solar panel installation and HSE awareness  providing many with their first formal employment opportunities. The project has also stimulated a growing local value chain  supporting transport cooperatives  women-led catering services and handicraft initiatives. These socio-economic impacts  combined with long-term skills development programmes  illustrate Voltalia’s commitment to an inclusive and sustainable energy transition in Bolobedu.Voltalia thus reaffirms its commitment to generating sustainable economic and social benefits for the region whenever possible. As part of this innovative approach  Voltalia has partnered with two local women investors  making Bolobedu the first large-scale renewable energy project supported exclusively by women.This milestone confirms Voltalia’s ability to support its clients in their energy transition and address supply security challenges.South Africa has committed to an ambitious energy transition to reduce its dependence on coal  which still accounts for a significant share of its electricity generation. The country aims to massively develop renewable energy in order to secure its supply  reduce CO₂ emissions  and meet the climate objectives set under the Paris Agreement. This strategy is supported by partnerships with private and international stakeholders to accelerate the implementation of sustainable projects and strengthen the resilience of the power system.Robert Klein  Chief Executive Officer of Voltalia  stated: “The full commissioning of Bolobedu  the first large-scale photovoltaic project of this kind developed in South Africa for a private client  illustrates our commitment to accelerating the decarbonisation of industries and supporting an inclusive energy transition in the country  in close partnership with local communities.”Werner Duvenhage  Managing Director of RBM  added: “The commissioning of the Bolobedu Solar Farm is a defining moment for RBM as we celebrate 50 years of operations in South Africa. This initiative is not just about energy security  but also about the long-term sustainability of our mining operations. As we break ground on Zulti South  this initiative paves the way for a cleaner energy future  contributing to both the national power grid and our global decarbonization targets.”A strategic partnership with IFC to accelerate the energy transition of the mining sector in AfricaVoltalia signed  in October 2025  a strategic partnership with IFC  a member of the World Bank Group  to accelerate the deployment of sustainable energy solutions in the African mining sector. This partnership aims to develop “Power-to-Mine” projects to reduce mines’ dependence on fossil fuels through the integration of renewable energy and hybrid systems  including storage and PPAs. By combining Voltalia’s technical expertise with IFC’s development approach  this initiative will contribute to a more resilient and low-carbon energy transition for mining activities across the continent.Next on the agenda: Q1 2026 Turnover  on April 23  2026 (post-closing)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 3.6 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 12 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With more than 1 900 employees in 15 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the responsible mid-cap index. Loan Duong  Director of Communications & Investor RelationsEmail : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Seitosei ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer JulliaEmail: jennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 First connexion to the grid announced in January 7  2026 press release.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Bolobedu Solar power plant', 'South Africa', 'commissioning', 'first large-scale renewable energy project', 'first formal employment opportunities', 'heavy mineral sands extraction', 'first large-scale photovoltaic project', 'growing local value chain', 'long-term skills development programmes', 'two local women investors', 'Bolobedu Solar power plant', 'solar panel installation', 'Eskom Transmission Network', 'Richards Bay Minerals', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'global decarbonization targets', 'cleaner energy future', 'three host communities', 'national power grid', 'ambitious energy transition', 'low-carbon energy transition', 'renewable energy customers', 'strong local benefits', 'women-led catering services', 'sustainable energy solutions', 'energy efficiency services', 'Bolobedu solar farm', 'sustainable energy transition', 'World Bank Group', 'yearly electricity consumption', 'African mining sector', 'inclusive energy transition', 'total installed capacity', 'local communities', 'Local workers', 'local production', 'energy needs', 'energy security', 'renewable energies', 'long-term contract', 'long-term sustainability', 'mining group', 'world leader', 'sustainable economic', 'social benefits', 'power system', 'development approach', 'The Group', 'total capacity', 'mining activities', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'full commissioning1', 'Limpopo province', 'single company', 'wheeling agreement', 'Anglo-Australian metals', 'Rio Tinto', 'CO₂ emissions', 'technical achievement', 'job training', 'engineering support', 'HSE awareness', 'transport cooperatives', 'handicraft initiatives', 'socio-economic impacts', 'innovative approach', 'security challenges', 'significant share', 'climate objectives', 'Paris Agreement', 'international stakeholders', 'sustainable projects', 'Robert Klein', 'Werner Duvenhage', 'Managing Director', 'defining moment', 'Zulti South', 'fossil fuels', 'hybrid systems', 'technical expertise', 'Q1 2026 Turnover', 'service provider', 'business market', 'comprehensive range', 'South Africa', 'electricity generation', 'green electricity', 'close partnership', 'strategic partnership', 'mining operations', 'private client', 'Mine” projects', 'mines’ dependence', 'storage facilities', '21% women', 'Voltalia', '148 megawatts', 'CPPA', 'RBM', 'refining', 'subsidiary', '300 gigawatt-hours', '237,000 tonnes', 'amount', '425,000 inhabitants', 'construction', '800 residents', '56% youth', 'commitment', 'region', 'milestone', 'clients', 'supply', 'coal', 'country', 'order', 'strategy', 'partnerships', 'implementation', 'resilience', 'kind', 'decarbonisation', 'industries', '50 years', 'ground', 'way', 'IFC', 'October', 'member', 'deployment', 'integration', 'PPAs', 'resilient', 'continent', 'agenda', 'April', 'hydro', 'biomass', '3.6 GW', 'portfolio', '12 GW', 'stage', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'businesses', '1,900 employees', '15 countries']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55699,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3270552/0/en/JCDecaux-wins-advertising-tender-for-Western-Sydney-International-Airport-Sydney-s-new-24-hour-airport.html,JCDecaux wins advertising tender for Western Sydney International Airport  Sydney’s new 24-hour airport,JCDecaux wins advertising tender for Western Sydney International Airport  Sydney’s new 24-hour airport  New long-term contract to deliver a premium...,JCDecaux wins advertising tender for Western Sydney International Airport  Sydney’s new 24-hour airportNew long-term contract to deliver a premium Digital Out-of-Home networkParis  April 8th  2026 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has been awarded the advertising tender for Western Sydney International (Nancy-Bird Walton) Airport (WSI) - Sydney’s new 24-hour international and domestic airport - following a competitive tender process  securing a new long-term contract to establish a premium Digital Out-of-Home network at Sydney’s newest aviation gateway.WSI is a major new infrastructure project for Western Sydney - Australia’s third largest economy - with a terminal designed by award-winning architects including Zaha Hadid Architects  COX Architecture and Woods Bagot. Opening with capacity for 10 million passengers  the airport is planned to scale over time and will support both international and domestic services  with early airline announcements including Qantas/Jetstar  Singapore Airlines and Air New Zealand.From opening day in October 2026  JCDecaux will deploy premium digital assets across internal and external precincts. In the lead-up to opening  JCDecaux will work with WSI and launch partners  creating a rare first-mover opportunity for brands at Sydney’s new 24-hour global gateway.Simon Hickey  Chief Executive Officer  WSI  said: “JCDecaux operates premium airport media networks at leading international gateways globally. We’re thrilled to be partnering with them and for businesses and brands to harness this opportunity to deliver creative advertising assets to a diverse and highly engaged audience of domestic and international travellers.”Jean-François Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-CEO of JCDecaux  said: “Western Sydney International Airport is a significant new gateway for Sydney. This new long-term contract enables JCDecaux to design a premium digital airport media network from the ground up  creating exceptional opportunities for brands to connect with domestic and international travellers as the airport scales.”Key Figures for JCDecaux2025 revenue: €3 967.1mN°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of 850 million people in 79 countries1 105 906 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 895 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 894 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the SBF 120 and CAC Mid 60 indexesJCDecaux’s Group carbon reduction trajectory has been approved by the SBTi and the company has joined the Euronext Paris CAC® SBT 1.5° indexJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the CDP (A-List)  MSCI (AAA)  Sustainalytics (11.1)  and has achieved Silver Medal status from EcoVadisMember of the UN Global Compact since 2015 and of the RE100 since 2019Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (636 625 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 154 airports and 257 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (374 718 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (94 562 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (740 067 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (168 815 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (103 865 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (31 364 advertising panels)N°2 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (20 852 advertising panels)For more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com.Join us on X  LinkedIn  Facebook  Instagram and YouTube.Communications Department: Clémentine Prat+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – clementine.prat@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.25,0.74,0.0,positive,0.95,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Western Sydney International Airport', 'new 24-hour airport', 'advertising tender', 'JCDecaux', 'Euronext Paris CAC® SBT 1.5° index', 'premium digital airport media network', 'Group carbon reduction trajectory', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'major new infrastructure project', 'premium airport media networks', 'new 24-hour global gateway', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'Western Sydney International Airport', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'new 24-hour airport', 'significant new gateway', 'UN Global Compact', 'newest aviation gateway', 'premium digital assets', 'new 24-hour international', 'New long-term contract', 'Air New Zealand', 'Nancy-Bird Walton) Airport', 'third largest economy', 'early airline announcements', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'Home Media company', 'Silver Medal status', 'leading international gateways', 'Zaha Hadid Architects', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'competitive tender process', 'creative advertising assets', 'rare first-mover opportunity', 'Clémentine Prat', 'Rémi Grisard', 'Home network', 'airport scales', 'international travellers', 'domestic airport', 'advertising tender', 'award-winning architects', 'Executive Board', '1,105,906 advertising panels', '636,625 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '740,067 advertising panels', '103,865 advertising panels', '31,364 advertising panels', 'April 8th', 'COX Architecture', 'Woods Bagot', '10 million passengers', 'Singapore Airlines', 'opening day', 'external precincts', 'Simon Hickey', 'engaged audience', 'exceptional opportunities', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Investor Relations', 'domestic services', 'JCDecaux SE', 'number', 'WSI', 'Australia', 'terminal', 'capacity', 'time', 'Qantas/Jetstar', 'October', 'internal', 'lead-up', 'launch', 'partners', 'brands', 'businesses', 'diverse', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'ground', '2025 revenue', '79 countries', '3,895 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '11,894 employees', 'Eurolist', 'SBF 120', 'SBTi', 'CDP', 'A-List', 'MSCI', 'AAA', 'Sustainalytics', 'EcoVadis', 'Member', 'RE100', 'Leader', 'pioneer', '154 airports', '257 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'clementine', 'Attachment']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55700,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3269799/0/en/VGP-NV-Convocation-to-the-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-the-Special-Shareholders-and-Extraordinary-Shareholders-Meeting-of-8-May-2026.html,VGP NV: Convocation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  the Special Shareholders’ and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 8 May 2026,Press ReleaseRegulated Information08 April 2026  7:00 am CET  Antwerp  Belgium  The shareholders of VGP NV (the “Company”) are hereby invited to attend the...,Press ReleaseRegulated Information08 April 2026  7:00 am CET  Antwerp  BelgiumThe shareholders of VGP NV (the “Company”) are hereby invited to attend the annual shareholders’ meeting  the special shareholders’ meeting and the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of the Company which shall consecutively take place at The Mills  Molenstraat 54  2018 Antwerp  Belgium  on Friday 8 May 2026 at 10:00 am.Please consult the website link: www.vgpparks.eu/en/investors/shareholder-meetings/ for further information concerning the agenda  admission conditions and voting modalities for the Meetings.The Board of DirectorsCONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.euABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP with a staff of circa 434 FTE’s today owns and is active in 18 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 8.7 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.6 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: http://www.vgpparks.euAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'VGP NV', 'Convocation', '8 May 2026', 'Belgian family-owned real estate developer', 'Press Release Regulated Information', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'integrated business model', 'Gross Asset Value', 'Net Asset Value', 'annual shareholders’ meeting', 'special shareholders’ meeting', 'extraordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'value chain', 'The Mills', 'website link', 'admission conditions', 'voting modalities', 'The Board', 'CONTACT DETAILS', 'MEDIA ENQUIRIES', 'pan-European owner', 'high-quality logistics', 'longstanding expertise', 'Czech Republic', '18 European countries', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'VGP NV', 'Investor Relations', '08 April', 'CET', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Company', 'place', 'Molenstraat', 'Friday', 'May', '10:00 am', 'vgpparks', 'investors/shareholder-meetings', 'agenda', 'Directors', 'manager', 'capabilities', 'staff', '434 FTE', 'today', 'ISIN', 'Attachment']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55701,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3269826/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-declaration-of-the-number-of-outstanding-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-March-31-2026.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2026,3DS voting rights of March 2026....,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — April 8  2026Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of March 31  2026Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2026  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 341 944 952Number of voting rights*: 2 013 412 484*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investor Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  370 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingMarie Dumas : Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 70 92 Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe / Déborah Cobbi+33 1 61 62 87 73 / +33 1 61 62 70 83arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com / deborah.cobbi@3ds.comPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — April 8  2026Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of March 31  2026Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2026  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 341 944 952Number of voting rights*: 2 013 412 484*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investor Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  370 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingMarie Dumas : Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 70 92 Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe / Déborah Cobbi+33 1 61 62 87 73 / +33 1 61 62 70 83arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com / deborah.cobbi@3ds.comAttachment,neutral,0.15,0.85,0.0,positive,0.61,0.39,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'March', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Service', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'Arnaud de Cheffontaines', 'Déborah Cobbi', 'Press Release', 'voting rights', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Regulation', 'E-mail address', 'human progress', 'virtual worlds', 'real life', 'sustainable innovations', 'meaningful impact', 'FTI Consulting', 'Marie Dumas', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'outstanding shares', 'total number', 'Arnaud Malherbe', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'April', 'Declaration', 'FR0014003TT', 'DSY', 'articles', 'basis', 'method', 'percentages', 'holdings', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'CS', 'Investors', '3ds', 'catalyst', 'company', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', '370 000 customers', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'deborah', 'Attachment']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55702,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3269830/0/en/Virtune-Expands-in-Poland-with-First-Ever-Crypto-Index-ETP-on-the-Warsaw-Stock-Exchange.html,Virtune Expands in Poland with First-Ever Crypto Index ETP on the Warsaw Stock Exchange,Warsaw  April 8  2026 – Virtune  the Swedish regulated crypto asset manager  today announces the listing of the Virtune Coinbase 50 Index ETP on the Warsaw Stock Exchange (GPW)  marking the first-ever crypto index ETP listed in Poland and traded in PLN.,"Warsaw  April 8  2026 – Virtune  the Swedish regulated crypto asset manager  today announces the listing of the Virtune Coinbase 50 Index ETP on the Warsaw Stock Exchange (GPW)  marking the first-ever crypto index ETP listed in Poland and traded in PLN.Following the recent introduction of Poland’s first spot crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs)  this launch represents the next step in the development of the Polish market - enabling investors to gain broad  diversified exposure to the crypto market through a single  exchange-traded product.A New Way to Access the Crypto MarketThe Virtune Coinbase 50 Index ETP tracks the Coinbase 50 Europe Index (COIN50E) - a benchmark developed by Coinbase  one of the world’s leading crypto companies  in collaboration with MarketVector.Designed to become the crypto market’s equivalent of the S&P 500  the index aims to capture the performance of up to 50 of the largest and most liquid crypto assets (26 assets as of April 7  2026).Allocation as of April 7  2026:https://www.virtune.com/product/vcoin50Through a single investment  investors gain exposure to Bitcoin combined with a broad range of crypto assets covering multiple crypto sectors  including:Blockchain platformsSmart contract protocolsStablecoin economy and payment solutionsTokenizationDecentralized finance applicationsInstitutional-Grade Selection and ConstructionAll assets included in the index undergo a rigorous selection process focused on quality  liquidity and investability.Key features include:Fundamental screening of each asset (technology  tokenomics  security)Exclusion of certain categories such as stablecoins and privacy coinsMarket-cap based selection of leading assetsDiversification constraints  with no single asset exceeding 50% weightQuarterly rebalancing to reflect market developmentsIn addition  all assets included in the ETP must meet requirements for listing on European regulated exchanges  supporting tradability and liquidity.Simplifying Crypto Investing for Polish InvestorsInvesting in crypto assets has traditionally required using multiple platforms and wallets  as well as selecting individual assets.The Virtune Coinbase 50 Index ETP simplifies this by offering:Broad diversification across up to 50 crypto assetsacross up to 50 crypto assets Exchange-traded product listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchangelisted on the Warsaw Stock Exchange Institutional-grade custody via Coinbasevia Coinbase Full transparency of holdings and index methodologyof holdings and index methodology Ease of access through traditional brokerage accountsChristopher Kock  CEO of Virtune:""Following the successful launch of Poland’s first spot crypto ETPs  we are now taking the next step by introducing the first crypto index ETP to the Warsaw Stock Exchange.With the Virtune Coinbase 50 Index ETP  investors no longer need to pick individual crypto assets - they can gain diversified exposure to the broader market through a single exchange-traded product.We see this as an important milestone in expanding our offering in the Polish market and we believe that the demand for diversified exposure within the crypto market will continue to grow as the market matures.”A Continued Commitment to the Polish MarketThe listing of the Virtune Coinbase 50 Index ETP reflects Virtune’s long-term commitment to Poland as a strategic growth market.Virtune plans to continue expanding its product offering on GPW throughout 2026  contributing to the development of the local exchange-traded product ecosystem and supporting investor education around digital assets.Key Product InformationExposure: Up to 50 leading crypto assets in one productBacking: 100% physically backed by the underlying crypto assetsCustody: Institutional-grade custody by CoinbaseManagement Fee: 0.95% per annumTrading currency on GPW: PLNFirst day of trading on GPW: Wednesday  8th of April 2026Bloomberg ticker: VCOIN50ISIN: SE0024738389Exchange ticker: ETNVCOIN50Exchanges: Warsaw Stock Exchange  Deutsche Börse Xetra  Nasdaq Stockholm  Nasdaq Helsinki  Euronext Amsterdam  Euronext ParisAbout VirtuneVirtune with its headquarters in Stockholm is a regulated Swedish digital asset manager and one of the fastest-growing issuers of crypto ETPs (Exchange-Traded Products) in Europe. Its product portfolio includes 22 ETPs with a total of USD 280 million in assets under management. The company is trusted by over 160 000 investors  and its products are listed on Warsaw Stock Exchange  Nasdaq Stockholm  Nasdaq Helsinki  Deutsche Börse Xetra  as well as Euronext Amsterdam and Paris.With regulatory compliance  strategic collaborations with industry leaders and our proficient team  we empower investors on a global level to access innovative and sophisticated investment products that are aligned with the evolving landscape of the global crypto market.For more information  please visit www.virtune.com .Marketing from Virtune AB. Investments in cryptocurrency-based instruments are associated with high risk. Virtune does not provide investment advice  and this material is not an investment recommendation. Investments are made at your own risk. Securities may increase or decrease in value  and there is no guarantee that you will recover your invested capital. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand. Before making an investment decision  please read the prospectus  KID  terms and other binding information concerning Virtune ETPs available at www.virtune.com to understand the risks and benefits associated with the investment. Prospectus approval does not constitute an endorsement of the ETPs. The Coinbase 50 Europe Index is owned by Coinbase  administered by MarketVector  and licensed to Virtune. The index is calculated by CC Data  which makes efforts to ensure its accuracy but does not assume liability for any potential errors. MarketVector and its affiliates do not sponsor  endorse  or promote Virtune or its products  and do not make any representations  warranties  or investment recommendations  nor do they assume any liability in connection with Virtune’s products.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['First-Ever Crypto Index ETP', 'Warsaw Stock Exchange', 'Virtune', 'Poland', 'Swedish regulated crypto asset manager', 'The Virtune Coinbase 50 Index ETP', 'first spot crypto exchange-traded products', 'Warsaw Stock Exchange Institutional-grade custody', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Swedish digital asset manager', 'local exchange-traded product ecosystem', 'single asset exceeding 50% weight', 'first crypto index ETP', 'underlying crypto assets Custody', 'first spot crypto ETPs', '50 crypto assets Exchange-traded product', 'Key Product Information Exposure', 'single, exchange-traded product', 'single exchange-traded product', 'European regulated exchanges', 'one product Backing', 'Smart contract protocols', 'payment solutions Tokenization', 'Decentralized finance applications', 'traditional brokerage accounts', 'rigorous selection process', 'Market-cap based selection', 'leading crypto companies', 'multiple crypto sectors', 'Coinbase 50 Europe Index', 'sophisticated investment products', 'liquid crypto assets', 'Coinbase Management Fee', 'annum Trading currency', '50 leading crypto assets', 'individual crypto assets', 'strategic growth market', 'global crypto market', 'broad, diversified exposure', 'Institutional-Grade Selection', 'single investment', 'digital assets', 'First day', 'index methodology', 'Exchange ticker', 'product portfolio', 'Key features', 'Crypto Investing', 'leading assets', 'individual assets', 'product offering', 'multiple platforms', 'ETNVCOIN50 Exchanges', 'strategic collaborations', 'global level', 'broad range', 'Broad diversification', 'Virtune AB', 'Polish market', 'market developments', 'broader market', 'recent introduction', 'next step', 'New Way', 'S&P 500', 'Blockchain platforms', 'Stablecoin economy', 'Fundamental screening', 'privacy coins', 'Diversification constraints', 'Full transparency', 'Christopher Kock', 'important milestone', 'Continued Commitment', 'long-term commitment', 'investor education', 'Bloomberg ticker', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'growing issuers', 'regulatory compliance', 'industry leaders', 'proficient team', 'evolving landscape', 'cryptocurrency-based instruments', 'high risk', 'up to', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'successful launch', 'Euronext Paris', 'Polish Investors', '26 assets', '22 ETPs', '160,000 investors', 'April', 'listing', 'GPW', 'Poland', 'PLN.', 'COIN50E', 'benchmark', 'world', 'MarketVector', 'equivalent', 'performance', 'largest', 'Allocation', 'Bitcoin', 'Construction', 'quality', 'liquidity', 'investability', 'technology', 'tokenomics', 'security', 'Exclusion', 'categories', 'stablecoins', 'addition', 'requirements', 'tradability', 'Simplifying', 'wallets', 'holdings', 'Ease', 'access', 'CEO', 'demand', 'Wednesday', 'ISIN', 'headquarters', 'total', 'company', 'innovative', 'Marketing', 'Investments']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55703,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3270354/0/en/BIC-Disclosure-of-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-forming-the-capital-as-of-31-March-2026.html,BIC: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capital as of 31 March 2026,Disclosure of total number of voting rights andnumber of shares forming the capitalas of 31 March 2026  Clichy  France – April 08  2026  Article L 233-8-II...,Disclosure of total number of voting rights andnumber of shares forming the capitalas of 31 March 2026Clichy  France – April 08  2026Article L 233-8-II of the French “Code de Commerce” and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”.As of March 31  2026  the total number of issued shares of SOCIÉTÉ BIC is 40 861 314 shares  representing:- 57 593 639 voting rights - 57 401 112 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsContactsBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 6 42 87 54 73brice.paris@bicworld.comInvestor Relationsinvestors.info@bicworld.comApolline CeleyronGlobal Communications Director+33 6 13 63 44 43apolline.celeyron@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAgendaAll dates to be confirmedFirst Quarter 2026 Net Sales April 28  2026 Annual General Meeting May 20  2026 First Half 2026 Results July 29  2026 Third Quarter 2026 Net Sales October 28  2026About BICA global leader in stationery  lighters  and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday life. For 80 years  BIC’s commitment to delivering high-quality  affordable  and trusted products has established BIC as a symbol of reliability and innovation. With a presence in over 160 countries  and over 11 000 team members worldwide  BIC’s portfolio includes iconic brands and products such as BIC® 4-Color™  Cristal®  BIC Kids®  Lucky™  Tipp-Ex®  Wite-Out®  Djeep®  EZ Load™  EZ Reach®  BIC® Flex™  Soleil®  Tangle Teezer® and more. Listed on Euronext Paris and included in the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  BIC is also recognized for its steadfast commitments to sustainability and education. For more  visit www.corporate.bic.com and to see BIC’s full range of products visit www.bic.com . Follow BIC on LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube and TikTok .Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.58,0.42,0.0,True,English,"['voting rights', 'total number', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', '31 March', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'Press Relations contact', 'Global Communications Director', '2026 Annual General Meeting', 'First Half 2026 Results', 'VP Investor Relations', 'French “Code de', 'Marchés Financiers', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'General Regulations', 'French “Autorité', 'Isabelle de', 'First Quarter', 'global leader', 'voting rights', 'Net Sales', 'Third Quarter', 'everyday life', '11,000 team members', 'iconic brands', 'EZ Load™', 'EZ Reach®', 'Tangle Teezer®', 'steadfast commitments', 'full range', 'total number', 'Euronext Paris', 'Article L', 'BIC® 4-Color™', 'BIC Kids®', 'BIC® Flex™', 'trusted products', 'Brice Paris', 'Apolline Celeyron', '31 March', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'Clichy', 'France', 'April', 'Commerce', 'Contacts', 'bicworld', 'Segonzac', 'Image', 'Agenda', 'dates', 'May', 'October', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '80 years', 'symbol', 'reliability', 'innovation', 'presence', '160 countries', 'portfolio', 'Cristal®', 'Lucky™', 'Tipp-Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Djeep®', 'Soleil®', 'SBF120', 'sustainability', 'education', 'corporate', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'TikTok', 'Attachment']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55704,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3269865/0/en/WENDEL-Shareholders-Meeting-set-for-May-21-2026.html,WENDEL: Shareholders’ Meeting set for May 21  2026,PRESS RELEASE — APRIL 8  2026  Shareholders’ Meeting set for May 21  2026  Wendel informs its shareholders that the Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on...,PRESS RELEASE — APRIL 8  2026Shareholders’ Meeting set for May 21  2026Wendel informs its shareholders that the Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Thursday May 21  2026  at 3 p.m. (Paris time) at the Auditorium Cézanne Saint-Honoré  located at 2-4  rue Paul-Cézanne  75008 Paris.The notice of meeting  being worth convening notice  is published today in French in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires (www.journal-officiel.gouv.fr/balo/). It includes the agenda  the draft resolutions which will be presented to the Meeting and the conditions to take part in the Meeting. It is also available on the Wendel website.Other documents and information concerning this Meeting will be available to shareholders and published no later than April 30  2026  under legal and regulatory conditions  on the dedicated page of the Wendel website www.wendelgroup.com/en/annual-general-meetings.The Meeting will be available by webcast in its entirety  live and replay. All information about the Meeting is available on the dedicated page of Wendel website: www.wendelgroup.com/en/annual-general-meetings.AgendaThursday  April 23  2026Q1 2026 Trading update – Financial communication as of March 31  2026 (before-market release)Thursday  May 21  2026Annual General MeetingThursday  July 30  2026H1 2026 results – Financial communication as of June 30  2026  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (before-market release)Thursday  October 22  2026Q3 2026 Trading update – Financial communication as of September 30  2026 (before-market release)About WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. Regarding its principal investment strategy  the Group invests in companies which are leaders in their field  such as ACAMS  Bureau Veritas  Crisis Prevention Institute  Globeducate  IHS Towers  Scalian  Stahl and Tarkett. In 2023  Wendel initiated a strategic shift into third-party asset management of private assets  alongside its historical principal investment activities. In this context  Wendel completed the acquisitions of a 51% stake in IK Partners in May 2024 and 72% of Monroe Capital in March 2025 and announced the acquisition of Committed Advisors in October 2025. As of December 31  2025  Wendel Investment Managers manages 47 billion euros on behalf of third-party investors  pro forma of the acquisition of Committed Advisors  and c.5.5 billion euros invested in its Principal Investments activity.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of “Grand Mécène de la Culture” in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on LinkedIn @WendelPress contacts Analyst and investor contacts Christine Anglade: +33 6 14 04 03 87 Olivier Allot: +33 1 42 85 63 73 c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.com Caroline Decaux: +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch: +33 1 42 85 63 72 c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.com Primatice Olivier Labesse: +33 6 79 11 49 71 olivierlabesse@primatice.com Hugues Schmitt: +33 6 71 99 74 58 huguesschmitt@primatice.com Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty: +1 212 521 4854 todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Shareholders’ Meeting', 'WENDEL', 'May', 'Grand Mécène', 'leading listed investment firms', 'Auditorium Cézanne Saint-Honoré', 'historical principal investment activities', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty', 'principal investment strategy', 'rue Paul-Cézanne', 'Principal Investments activity', 'Annonces Légales', 'Q1 2026 Trading update', 'Q3 2026 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'c.5.5 billion euros', 'third-party asset management', 'Wendel Investment Managers', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Primatice Olivier Labesse', '47 billion euros', 'Financial communication', 'third-party investors', 'Olivier Allot', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'draft resolutions', 'Other documents', 'dedicated page', 'market release', 'H1 2026 results', 'Bureau Veritas', 'IHS Towers', 'strategic shift', 'private assets', 'IK Partners', 'Monroe Capital', 'Committed Advisors', 'Standard & Poor', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'long-term patronage', 'Press contacts', 'investor contacts', 'Christine Anglade', 'Caroline Decaux', 'Lucile Roch', 'Hugues Schmitt', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Meeting', 'convening notice', 'regulatory conditions', 'Wendel website', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Thursday May', '75008 Paris', 'APRIL', 'French', 'Bulletin', 'Obligatoires', 'journal-officiel', 'gouv', 'agenda', 'information', 'legal', 'wendelgroup', 'annual-general-meetings', 'webcast', 'entirety', 'March', 'July', 'June', 'October', 'September', 'Europe', 'companies', 'leaders', 'field', 'ACAMS', 'Globeducate', 'Scalian', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'context', 'acquisitions', '51% stake', 'December', 'behalf', 'Eurolist', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'recognition', 'arts', 'distinction', 'Culture', 'LinkedIn', 'Analyst', 'olivierlabesse', 'huguesschmitt', 'kekstcnc', 'Attachment']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55705,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3269805/0/en/Viridien-Upgraded-to-B-by-S-P.html,Viridien - Upgraded to “B” by S&P,Paris (France)  April 8  2026  Viridien upgraded to “B” by S&P  following rating confirmations by Moody’s and Fitch  Viridien announces today that...,Paris (France)  April 8  2026Viridien upgraded to “B” by S&P following rating confirmations by Moody’s and FitchViridien announces today that Standard & Poor’s (S&P) has upgraded its long-term credit rating to “B”  with a stable outlook  reflecting the Company’s solid operational execution. The previous rating was “B-” with a positive outlook. In parallel  the rating on the Company’s senior secured notes has been raised to “B+”  from “B” previously.S&P highlighted that “the company has built a positive track record of more stable performance over the past couple of years in a volatile market environment  benefiting from the end of the costly Shearwater contract in 2025  as well as a focus on cost control and higher-value projects.”This upgrade follows the recent confirmation of Viridien’s corporate rating by Moody’s at “B2” with a stable outlook  which maintained its assessment of the Group’s credit profile while highlighting the increased resilience of its business model and the relevance of its strategy.Last December  Fitch Ratings had confirmed its rating at “B” with a stable outlook  emphasizing the Company’s improved financial and operational profile.Jérôme Serve  CFO of Viridien: “We welcome S&P’s upgrade  which reflects the successful execution of our financial roadmap over the past two years  as well as our rigorous and consistent approach to balance sheet deleveraging. We remain firmly focused on further strengthening our financial profile  sustaining strong operating performance and cash generation  and maintaining a disciplined capital allocation policy  in support of value creation for our shareholders”.***About ViridienViridien (www.viridiengroup.com) is an advanced technology  digital and Earth data company that pushes the boundaries of science for a more prosperous and sustainable future. With our ingenuity  drive and deep curiosity we discover new insights  innovations  and solutions that efficiently and responsibly resolve complex natural resources  digital  energy transition and infrastructure challenges. Viridien employs around 3 200 people worldwide and is listed as VIRI on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: FR001400PVN6).Investors contactVP Investor Relations and Corporate FinanceAlexandre Leroyalexandre.leroy@viridiengroup.com+33 6 85 18 44 31Media contactBrunswickAurélia de Lapeyrouse - +33 6 21 06 40 33Hugues Boëton - +33 6 79 99 27 15Tristan Roquet Montégon - +33 6 37 00 52 57viridien@brunswickgroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.57,0.43,0.0,True,English,"['S&P', 'Viridien', 'Jérôme Serve', 'disciplined capital allocation policy', 'Tristan Roquet Montégon', 'senior secured notes', 'volatile market environment', 'costly Shearwater contract', 'balance sheet deleveraging', 'complex natural resources', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Aurélia de', 'Hugues Boëton', 'positive track record', 'strong operating performance', 'solid operational execution', 'advanced technology, digital', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'past two years', 'Earth data company', 'long-term credit rating', 'positive outlook', 'stable performance', 'past couple', 'credit profile', 'operational profile', 'successful execution', 'S&P', 'Standard & Poor', 'stable outlook', 'cost control', 'higher-value projects', 'recent confirmation', 'business model', 'consistent approach', 'cash generation', 'value creation', 'sustainable future', 'deep curiosity', 'new insights', 'energy transition', 'infrastructure challenges', 'Corporate Finance', 'Media contact', 'rating confirmations', 'previous rating', 'corporate rating', 'financial roadmap', 'financial profile', 'Fitch Ratings', 'Alexandre Leroy', 'France', 'April', 'Viridien', 'Moody', 'parallel', 'end', 'focus', 'upgrade', 'B2', 'assessment', 'Group', 'resilience', 'relevance', 'strategy', 'CFO', 'rigorous', 'support', 'shareholders', 'boundaries', 'science', 'prosperous', 'ingenuity', 'drive', 'innovations', 'solutions', '3,200 people', 'ISIN', 'Investors', 'Brunswick', 'Lapeyrouse', 'Attachment']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55706,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3270403/0/en/LECTRA-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-April-29-2026-Conditions-of-availability-of-the-preparatory-documents.html,LECTRA : Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  2026 – Conditions of availability of the preparatory documents,Press Release                  Contact e-mail: ag2026@lectra.com  Combined Shareholders’...,Press ReleaseContact e-mail: ag2026@lectra.comCombined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  2026 –Conditions of availability of the preparatory documentsParis  April 8  2026 – Shareholders of Lectra are invited to participate in the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting which will be held on Wednesday April 29  2026 at 9:30 a.m. (CET) at InterContinental Paris Champs-Elysées Etoile  64 avenue Marceau  75008 Paris.This Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be broadcast live in full  and a webcast replay will be available via the following link (also available on the Lectra website  on the webpage dedicated to Shareholders’ Meetings):The notice of meeting (avis de reunion valant avis de convocation)  which was published in the French Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) dated March 23  2026  bulletin n°35  includes the agenda  the draft resolutions submitted to the Meeting and the conditions for participation and exercise of voting rights.All the documents relating to the Meetings  as referred to in Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code  are available online and can be downloaded directly on the Lectra website:About LectraAt the forefront of innovation since its founding in 1973  Lectra provides industrial intelligence technology solutions - combining software in SaaS mode  cutting equipment  data  and associated services - to players in the fashion  automotive and furniture industries. Lectra accelerates the transformation and success of its customers in a world in perpetual motion thanks to the key technologies of Industry 4.0: AI  big data  cloud and the Internet of Things.The Group is present in more than one hundred countries. The production sites for its cutting equipment are located in France  China and the United States. Lectra's 2 800 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. They all share the same concern for social responsibility  which is one of the pillars of Lectra's strategy to ensure its sustainable growth and that of its customers.Lectra reported revenues of €507 million in 2025  including €89 million in SaaS revenues. The Company is listed on Euronext  and is included in the CAC All Shares  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150 indices.For more information  visit www.lectra.com.Lectra – Registered office: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel.: +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of € 38 063 263 • RCS Paris 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'LECTRA', 'April', 'Conditions', 'availability', 'InterContinental Paris Champs-Elysées Etoile', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'industrial intelligence technology solutions', 'French Commercial Code', 'one hundred countries', 'three core values', 'EN Tech Leaders', 'ENT PEA-PME 150 indices', 'French Bulletin des', 'CAC All Shares', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'CAC Technology', 'Press Release', '64 avenue Marceau', 'webcast replay', 'following link', 'draft resolutions', 'voting rights', 'SaaS mode', 'associated services', 'furniture industries', 'perpetual motion', 'key technologies', 'The Group', 'production sites', 'United States', 'open-minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', 'same concern', 'social responsibility', 'sustainable growth', 'Registered office', 'rue Chalgrin', 'RCS Paris', 'Shareholders’ Meetings', 'preparatory documents', 'avis de', 'big data', 'cutting equipment', 'SaaS revenues', 'Wednesday April', 'Lectra website', '9:30 a', '75008 Paris', 'Contact', 'mail', 'Conditions', 'availability', 'CET', 'webpage', 'notice', 'reunion', 'convocation', 'BALO', 'March', 'agenda', 'participation', 'exercise', 'Article', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'founding', 'software', 'players', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'transformation', 'success', 'customers', 'world', 'Industry 4.0', 'cloud', 'Internet', 'Things', 'France', 'China', '2,800 employees', 'pillars', 'strategy', 'Company', 'Euronext', 'information', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment', '33']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55707,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3269924/0/en/Atos-drives-Alsea-s-SAP-modernization-with-a-strategic-migration-to-SAP-RISE-on-AWS.html,Atos drives Alsea’s SAP modernization with a strategic migration to SAP RISE on AWS,Atos drives Alsea’s SAP modernization with a strategic migration to SAP RISE on AWS...,Press ReleaseAtos drives Alsea’s SAP modernization with a strategic migration to SAP RISE on AWSMadrid and Paris  April 8  2026 – Atos  a global leader in digital transformation powered by artificial intelligence and recognized for its expertise in highly complex projects  announces today it has been selected by Alsea—one of the largest restaurant operators in Latin America and Europe  with more than 4 000 establishments in 11 countries and international brands such as Starbucks  Domino’s Pizza and Vips—to support its SAP modernization strategy.Atos supported Alsea throughout this journey  leading a highly complex migration to SAP RISE that has strengthened the group’s operational agility and accelerated its digital transformation. As a result  Alsea now benefits from a more resilient  future-ready platform designed to support continued growth.To drive growth  enhance operational resilience and unlock new digital capabilities  Alsea launched a comprehensive program combining the migration  upgrade and technical adaptation of its SAP environments. The project involved transitioning from the Tres Cantos data center in Madrid to SAP RISE on AWS  with deployments in Virginia and Texas in the United States.Large-scale migration and modernizationBeyond the infrastructure migration  the project included deep technical and functional optimization of Alsea’s SAP systems. More than 1 200 business processes were reviewed and refined  5 000 ABAP programs were adapted to ensure compatibility and performance in the new environment  and 72 critical interfaces were successfully migrated and integrated.Greater agility  innovation and growth capacityThanks to this transformation  Alsea now operates on a more agile and scalable platform capable of supporting its expansion and enabling new digital initiatives. The new architecture provides a solid foundation for the progressive adoption of advanced cloud services and emerging digital capabilities  allowing Alsea to integrate innovation in line with evolving business needs.Modernizing the SAP environment has also improved overall operational efficiency  stability and adaptability  equipping the organization to address future growth challenges with confidence. Extensive testing validated the solution’s ability to guarantee business continuity in the event of natural disasters  cyberattacks or hardware failures  thereby minimizing potential financial and reputational risks.A strengthened strategic partnershipThis project further consolidates the strategic relationship between Alsea and Atos  reaffirming Atos’ commitment to supporting clients through secure  efficient and business-driven digital transformation initiatives. With SAP RISE on AWS  Alsea now benefits from a modern  resilient technology foundation that will enable the continuous evolution of its systems and long-term value creation.Gabriel Muñoz  Head of SAP at Atos Iberia  said: “We are delighted to have supported Alsea in this ambitious modernization journey  helping to build a more agile  resilient and future-ready technology platform. This project reflects our commitment to operational excellence and to enabling our clients to drive efficiency  innovation and sustainable growth through digital transformation.”***About Atos GroupAtos Group is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 61 000 employees and annual revenue of c. €7.2 billion (pro forma for the disposal of Advanced Computing activities)  operating in 61 countries under two brands - Atos for services and Eviden for products and systems. European number one in cybersecurity and cloud  Atos Group is committed to a secure and decarbonized future and provides tailored AI-powered  end-to-end solutions for all industries. Atos Group is the brand under which Atos SE (Societas Europaea) operates. Atos SE listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos Group is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Contact presseLaurent Massicot | laurent.massicot@atosgroup.com |Attachment,neutral,0.29,0.71,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['SAP modernization', 'strategic migration', 'SAP RISE', 'Atos', 'Alsea', 'AWS', 'Tres Cantos data center', 'modern, resilient technology foundation', 'business-driven digital transformation initiatives', 'future-ready technology platform', 'largest restaurant operators', 'long-term value creation', 'Gabriel Muñoz', 'Advanced Computing activities', 'resilient, future-ready platform', 'new digital initiatives', 'emerging digital capabilities', 'evolving business needs', 'new digital capabilities', 'SAP modernization strategy', 'overall operational efficiency', 'ambitious modernization journey', 'future growth challenges', 'secure information space', 'advanced cloud services', 'solid foundation', 'scalable platform', 'new environment', 'new architecture', 'agile, resilient', '1,200 business processes', 'business continuity', 'operational agility', 'operational resilience', 'operational excellence', 'Press Release', 'global leader', 'artificial intelligence', 'complex projects', 'Latin America', 'international brands', 'continued growth', 'comprehensive program', 'technical adaptation', 'SAP environments', 'United States', 'deep technical', 'functional optimization', '5,000 ABAP programs', '72 critical interfaces', 'Greater agility', 'growth capacity', 'progressive adoption', 'Extensive testing', 'natural disasters', 'hardware failures', 'potential financial', 'reputational risks', 'strategic partnership', 'strategic relationship', 'secure, efficient', 'continuous evolution', 'sustainable growth', 'annual revenue', 'two brands', 'European number', 'decarbonized future', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Contact presse', 'strategic migration', 'complex migration', 'Large-scale migration', 'infrastructure migration', 'SAP RISE', 'Atos Iberia', 'Atos SE', 'Euronext Paris', 'Atos Group', 'SAP systems', 'Atos’ commitment', 'Laurent Massicot', 'Alsea', 'AWS', 'Madrid', 'expertise', '4,000 establishments', '11 countries', 'Starbucks', 'Domino', 'Pizza', 'Vips', 'result', 'upgrade', 'deployments', 'Virginia', 'Texas', 'More', 'compatibility', 'performance', 'innovation', 'expansion', 'line', 'stability', 'adaptability', 'organization', 'confidence', 'event', 'cyberattacks', 'clients', 'Head', 'c.', '61,000 employees', 'disposal', '61 countries', 'Eviden', 'products', 'cybersecurity', 'industries', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'safe', 'atosgroup', 'Attachment']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55708,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3270129/0/en/THEON-Signs-Strategic-Agreement-with-RHEINMETALL-for-the-Development-and-Supply-of-the-PHYLAX-Stabilized-Multi-Sensor-System.html,THEON Signs Strategic Agreement with RHEINMETALL for the Development and Supply of the PHYLAX Stabilized Multi-Sensor System,THEON Signs Strategic Agreement with RHEINMETALL for the Development and Supply of the PHYLAX Stabilized Multi-Sensor System...,PRESS RELEASEBloomberg (THEON:NA) / Reuters (THEON.AS)8 April 2026 – Theon Sensors SA  a fully owned subsidiary of Theon International Plc (THEON)   has signed a strategic agreement with Rheinmetall Electronics GmbH (RHEINMETALL) for the development  qualification and serial supply of a stabilized multi-sensor electro-optic system based on THEON’s latest PHYLAX technology  marking an important milestone in THEON’s expansion into advanced electro-optical solutions for modern combat vehicles.RHEINMETALL  one of Europe’s largest defense groups and a full system integrator with significant experience in vehicle optronics  has selected THEON and the PHYLAX system for integration into the stabilized electro-optical sight SEOSS 210 P for Rheinmetall’s 25mm medium-caliber compact lightweight turret solutions for modern land platforms. The agreement establishes a long-term industrial and technological cooperation between the two companies. The collaboration reflects Rheinmetall’s system integration approach  combining its platform and fire-control expertise with high-performance subsystems from specialized European suppliers while strengthening a resilient and interoperable European defence industrial base.Upon successful completion of development and qualification activities  which are aligned with the initially agreed timelines  the program is expected to transition to serial production  in connection with the fire control system of the Luchs 2 reconnaissance vehicle  with an initial committed contract value exceeding €40 million for several hundred systems  and the potential for additional quantities as the system is integrated on further vehicle platforms and turret programs.PHYLAX is a compact stabilized electro-optic system designed to enhance situational awareness  reconnaissance and target acquisition capabilities for combat vehicles. The system integrates a high-definition day camera  a mid-wave thermal imager and an eye-safe laser rangefinder in a compact and lightweight architecture optimized for integration on crewless turrets and remotely operated weapon stations.This cooperation represents a significant step for THEON as the company expands its portfolio beyond its globally recognized night vision systems into stabilized electro-optical solutions for vehicle platforms. The demand for advanced electro-optic sensing systems for armored vehicles is rapidly increasing  as armed forces worldwide seek enhanced situational awareness  surveillance and target acquisition capabilities for modern digitalized battlefields.Christian Hadjiminas  Founder and CEO of THEON  mentioned: “This contract has been proof of THEON’s design  development and industrial capability in platform-based optronics  which has become evident ahead of our original planning. These efforts have been accelerated through targeted investment in ShockEOS and Kappa Optronics to efficiently combine internal and external design expertise and a global reach through our superior Business Development team. This combination is anticipated to generate further prospects  and this contract marks the initial step among numerous opportunities that THEON is pursuing on a global scale.”To advance its ambitious plans  which are already beginning to materialize  THEON has started the construction of a new facility in Athens  the 3rd building in the row  dedicated to the production of PHYLAX and other platform-based products. The facility is expected to be ready by Q2 2027  to meet the anticipated requirements for increased capacity. The project is expected to cost around €10 million and is already part of the Capex guidance for 2026-2027.Philippe Mennicken  Deputy CEO and Business Development Director of THEON  stated: “This agreement marks an important milestone for THEON  as we enter a new and rapidly growing segment of advanced electro-optical systems for land platforms. We are proud to cooperate with Rheinmetall Electronics  a globally recognized leader in stabilized electro-optic and fire-control systems for armored vehicles and one of Europe’s most prominent defence technology companies  and we look forward to further strengthening our cooperation with Rheinmetall Electronics as a trusted partner in key programs such as IdZ and in vehicle platform developments with a global leading vehicle manufacturer in EuropeWe are confident that together with Rheinmetall Electronics  we will support future vehicle programs with our PHYLAX solution. This achievement demonstrates that THEON can succeed in this segment  but we consider it only the beginning  as we are pursuing additional opportunities where PHYLAX  our TALOS/TRITON product series  and KAPPA’s portfolio are highly relevant.”Timo HAAS  CEO Division Digital Systems of RHEINMETALL and Christian Hadjiminas  Founder and CEO of THEON sign the deal in presence of Dr. Christian MARTENS  CEO Business Unit Integrated Electronic Systems of RHEINMETALL left  and Philippe MENNICKEN  Deputy CEO and Business Development Director of THEON (right)Picture: PHYLAXPicture: New 3rd factory in KoropiFor inquiries  please contact:Investor RelationsNikos MalesiotisE-Mail: ir@theon.comTel: +30 210 6772290 Media ContactElli MichouE-Mail: press@theon.comTel: +30 210 6728610About THEON GROUPTHEON GROUP of companies develops and manufactures cutting-edge night vision and thermal imaging systems for Defense and Security applications with a global footprint. THEON GROUP started its operations in 1997 from Greece and today occupies a leading role in the sector thanks to its international presence through subsidiaries and production facilities in Greece  Cyprus  Germany  the Baltics  the United States  the Gulf States  Switzerland  Denmark  Belgium  Singapore and South Korea. THEON GROUP has more than 270 000 systems in service with Armed and Special Forces in 72 countries around the world  26 of which are NATO countries. ΤΗΕΟΝ ΙΝΤΕRNATIONAL PLC has been listed on Euronext Amsterdam (AMS: THEON) since February 2024.www.theon.comAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.34,0.0,True,English,"['PHYLAX Stabilized Multi-Sensor System', 'Strategic Agreement', 'THEON', 'RHEINMETALL', 'Development', 'Supply', 'CEO Business Unit Integrated Electronic Systems', '25mm medium-caliber compact lightweight turret solutions', 'interoperable European defence industrial base', 'prominent defence technology companies', 'CEO Division Digital Systems', 'superior Business Development team', 'advanced electro-optic sensing systems', 'global leading vehicle manufacturer', 'compact stabilized electro-optic system', 'initial committed contract value', 'specialized European suppliers', 'several hundred systems', 'night vision systems', 'advanced electro-optical solutions', 'advanced electro-optical systems', 'Business Development Director', 'largest defense groups', 'target acquisition capabilities', 'high-definition day camera', 'mid-wave thermal imager', 'eye-safe laser rangefinder', 'enhanced situational awareness', 'modern digitalized battlefields', 'TALOS/TRITON product series', 'multi-sensor electro-optic system', 'full system integrator', 'fire control system', 'external design expertise', 'other platform-based products', 'Dr. Christian MARTENS', 'latest PHYLAX technology', 'future vehicle programs', 'modern combat vehicles', 'modern land platforms', 'Luchs 2 reconnaissance vehicle', 'vehicle platform developments', 'New 3rd factory', 'Theon Sensors SA', 'Theon International Plc', 'system integration approach', 'Rheinmetall Electronics GmbH', 'turret programs', 'lightweight architecture', 'fire-control systems', 'long-term industrial', 'two companies', 'industrial capability', 'initial step', 'vehicle platforms', 'vehicle optronics', 'global reach', 'global scale', 'Deputy CEO', 'electro-optical sight', 'fire-control expertise', 'platform-based optronics', '3rd building', 'Christian Hadjiminas', 'key programs', 'armored vehicles', 'PHYLAX system', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'serial supply', 'important milestone', 'significant experience', 'SEOSS 210 P', 'high-performance subsystems', 'successful completion', 'additional quantities', 'crewless turrets', 'weapon stations', 'significant step', 'armed forces', 'original planning', 'targeted investment', 'numerous opportunities', 'ambitious plans', 'Capex guidance', 'Philippe Mennicken', 'trusted partner', 'additional opportunities', 'Timo HAAS', 'Koropi Fo', 'PHYLAX solution', 'qualification activities', 'serial production', 'Kappa Optronics', 'new facility', 'growing segment', 'strategic agreement', 'technological cooperation', 'THEON.AS', 'PHYLAX Picture', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'April', 'subsidiary', 'expansion', 'collaboration', 'resilient', 'timelines', 'connection', 'potential', 'company', 'portfolio', 'demand', 'surveillance', 'Founder', 'proof', 'efforts', 'ShockEOS', 'internal', 'combination', 'prospects', 'construction', 'Athens', 'Q2', 'requirements', 'capacity', 'project', 'rapidly', 'leader', 'IdZ', 'achievement', 'deal', 'presence']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55709,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3270355/0/en/BIC-Remuneration-of-Corporate-Officers.html,BIC: Remuneration of Corporate Officers,Remuneration of Corporate Officersin accordance with the AFEP-MEDEF Code of Corporate Governance for listed companies  Clichy  France – April 8  2026 –...,Remuneration of Corporate Officersin accordance with the AFEP-MEDEF Code of Corporate Governance for listed companiesClichy  France – April 8  2026 – At its meeting held on February 24  2026 under the chairmanship of Edouard Bich  the Board of Directors of Société BIC  acting on the joint recommendations of the Remuneration Committee and the Nominations  Governance & CSR Committee  made the following decisions regarding the remuneration of Corporate Officers.It should be noted that the elements of remuneration paid or awarded in respect of the fiscal year 2025 to Rob Versloot  Chief Executive Officer since September 15  2025  were determined by the Board of Directors at its meeting of June 11  2025 (as disclosed on June 20  2025) and are in line with the new remuneration policy for Executive Corporate Officers that will be submitted for approval to the Annual General Meeting of May 20  2026.REMUNERATION FOR 2025 FISCAL YEAR:Chair of the Board of Directors:Annual fixed remuneration of 166 667 euros was awarded to Nikos Koumettis  Chair of the Board  up to May 20  2025.Annual fixed remuneration of 200 000 euros was awarded to Edouard Bich  Chair of the Board  from May 20  2025.Chief Executive Officer:Gonzalve BichFixed remuneration : the annual fixed portion of Gonzalve Bich’s remuneration in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer amounted to 710 192 US dollars (628 878 euros 1 ) for the year.: the annual fixed portion of Gonzalve Bich’s remuneration in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer amounted to 710 192 US dollars (628 878 euros ) for the year. Variable remuneration: after reviewing the performance criteria  Gonzalve Bich’s variable remuneration for 2025 was set at 339 008 US dollars (300 193 euros1)  corresponding to 36.6% of the target.Rob VerslootFixed remuneration : the annual fixed portion of Rob Versloot’s remuneration in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer amounted to 313 182 euros for the year.: the annual fixed portion of Rob Versloot’s remuneration in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer amounted to 313 182 euros for the year. Variable remuneration : after reviewing the performance criteria and compared with a target objective of 100% of his fixed remuneration  Rob Versloot’s variable remuneration for 2025 was set at 113 155 euros  corresponding to 36.6% of the target.: after reviewing the performance criteria and compared with a target objective of 100% of his fixed remuneration  Rob Versloot’s variable remuneration for 2025 was set at 113 155 euros  corresponding to 36.6% of the target. Exceptional bonus for fiscal year 2025 : at its meeting of February 24  2026  the Board of Directors wished to recognize the speed with which Rob Versloot assumed his duties  taking decisive actions for the Company  and decided to propose an exceptional bonus of 200 000 euros for approval at the Annual General Meeting of May 20  2026.: at its meeting of February 24  2026  the Board of Directors wished to recognize the speed with which Rob Versloot assumed his duties  taking decisive actions for the Company  and decided to propose an exceptional bonus of 200 000 euros for approval at the Annual General Meeting of May 20  2026. The other elements of the Corporate Executive Officer remuneration policy approved at the Annual General Meeting of May 20  2025  remain applicable and notably the policy in case of departure of the Corporate Executive Officer.REMUNERATION FOR 2026 FISCAL YEAR:The Board set the remuneration policy for the fiscal year 2026 as follows:For the Chair of the Board of Directors: fixed remuneration of 300 000 euros (25% lower compared to the policy approved in 2025). The Chair of the Board does not receive any variable remuneration.fixed remuneration of 300 000 euros (25% lower compared to the policy approved in 2025). The Chair of the Board does not receive any variable remuneration. For the Chief Executive Officer: Fixed remuneration of 1 060 000 euros. The target amount of variable remuneration  calculated with a target at 100% of fixed remuneration  is lower than that of his predecessor. The weighing of objectives in the calculation of variable remuneration for fiscal year 2026 is 65% financial  5% extra-financial and 30% individual. Details of the performance criteria for the variable portion for 2026 are described in the 2025 Universal Registration Document  published on March 26  2026.Pursuant to Articles L.22-10-34 II and L.22-10-8 of the French Commercial Code  the payment of the variable remuneration for 2025 and the remuneration policy for 2026 are subject to a favorable vote of the Annual General Meeting of May 20  2026.***ContactsBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 6 42 87 54 73brice.paris@bicworld.comInvestor Relationsinvestors.info@bicworld.comApolline CeleyronGlobal Communications Director+33 6 13 63 44 43apolline.celeyron@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAgendaAll dates to be confirmedFirst Quarter 2026 Net Sales April 28  2026 Annual General Meeting May 20  2026 First Half 2026 Results July 29  2026 Third Quarter 2026 Net Sales October 28  2026About BICA global leader in stationery  lighters  and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday life. For 80 years  BIC’s commitment to delivering high-quality  affordable  and trusted products has established BIC as a symbol of reliability and innovation. With a presence in over 160 countries  and over 11 000 team members worldwide  BIC’s portfolio includes iconic brands and products such as BIC® 4-Color™  Cristal®  BIC Kids®  Lucky™  Tipp-Ex®  Wite-Out®  Djeep®  EZ Load™  EZ Reach®  BIC® Flex™  Soleil®  Tangle Teezer® and more. Listed on Euronext Paris and included in the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  BIC is also recognized for its steadfast commitments to sustainability and education. For more  visit www.corporate.bic.com and to see BIC’s full range of products visit www.bic.com . Follow BIC on LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube and TikTok .1 Amounts in US dollars were converted into euros using the average exchange rate for the 2025 financial year (1 EUR = 1.1293 USD).Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.31,0.52,True,English,"['Corporate Officers', 'BIC', 'Remuneration', 'Corporate Executive Officer remuneration policy', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Société BIC', '2025 Universal Registration Document', 'Global Communications Director', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', 'Press Relations contact', 'French Commercial Code', 'Executive Corporate Officers', 'annual fixed portion', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Annual fixed remuneration', 'new remuneration policy', 'variable portion', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code', 'Corporate Governance', 'listed companies', 'Edouard Bich', 'joint recommendations', 'CSR Committee', 'following decisions', 'Rob Versloot', 'Nikos Koumettis', 'Gonzalve Bich', '710,192 US dollars', 'performance criteria', '339,008 US dollars', 'Exceptional bonus', 'decisive actions', 'favorable vote', 'First Quarter', 'Net Sales', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Variable remuneration', 'fiscal year', 'other elements', 'target objective', 'target amount', 'Brice Paris', 'Apolline Celeyron', 'accordance', 'Clichy', 'France', 'April', 'February', 'chairmanship', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', 'September', 'June', 'approval', 'May', '166,667 euros', '200,000 euros', 'capacity', '28,878 euros', '300,193 euros', '313,182 euros', '113,155 euros', 'speed', 'duties', 'Company', 'case', 'departure', '300,000 euros', '1,060,000 euros', 'predecessor', 'weighing', 'objectives', 'calculation', 'Details', 'March', 'Articles', 'L.', 'payment', 'Contacts', 'bicworld', 'Image', 'isegonzac', 'Agenda', 'dates', '2026']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55710,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3270139/0/en/Microsoft-and-Publicis-Groupe-expand-their-strategic-partnership-to-power-the-future-of-agentic-marketing-for-businesses-worldwide.html,Microsoft and Publicis Groupe expand their strategic partnership to power the future of agentic marketing for businesses worldwide,Microsoft and Publicis Groupe expand their strategic partnership to power the future of agentic marketing for businesses worldwide   Together the companies...,Microsoft and Publicis Groupe expand their strategic partnershipto power the future of agentic marketing for businesses worldwideTogether the companies are building an AI-powered marketing solution that will unlock creativity accelerate innovation  and empower customers to lead the future of marketingREDMOND  Wash.  and PARIS — April 8  2026 — Ten years after co-creating Marcel  an innovative AI platform  Microsoft and Publicis Groupe announce the expansion of their strategic partnership to build a full-stack marketing solution that unifies legacy systems  AI agents and identity-based data to accelerate marketing outcomes in the era of agentic AI.At a time when companies are moving faster than ever to adapt as customer behavior shifts and increasingly need to connect their investments directly to revenue and outcomes  AI fundamentally changes the equation. Through the partnership  Microsoft and Publicis will leverage each other’s expertise to embed agentic AI across the entire flow of work so marketers can focus on what they do best: strategy  creativity and the pursuit of original ideas.“Ten years ago with Microsoft we co-created Marcel  marketing’s first AI platform ” said Arthur Sadoun  CEO  Publicis Groupe. “Now we’re partnering again to shape the industry  this time as our clients confront the dynamics of the agentic era. Together  we are combining Microsoft’s unmatched technology and AI capabilities with Publicis Sapient’s transformation expertise on top of Epsilon’s industry-leading identity data to deliver agentic solutions that are truly game-changing for clients. Both our companies believe that the future of AI requires agents in service of people and humanity  and with this partnership we are creating a unique opportunity for our clients to lead against this ambition.”In a market crowded with fragmented AI point solutions  most companies need but rarely achieve connected transformation. To address the needs of marketers today  the companies will deliver:Modern cloud foundations for AI: Publicis Sapient’s Slingshot framework will leverage Microsoft’s cloud  enabling organizations to migrate legacy systems to Microsoft Azure to create modern  cloud-native foundations for AI adoption.Publicis Sapient’s Slingshot framework will leverage Microsoft’s cloud  enabling organizations to migrate legacy systems to Microsoft Azure to create modern  cloud-native foundations for AI adoption. AI agent deployment: Sapient AI solutions will integrate Microsoft Copilot Studio  Microsoft Agent 365 and Microsoft IQ  enabling customers to embed AI directly into core business processes. Sapient’s Bodhi platform will then allow organizations to deploy and scale secure  enterprise-grade AI agents across operations  commerce  marketing and customer engagement  connecting data  workflows and decision-making to drive tangible business impact.Sapient AI solutions will integrate Microsoft Copilot Studio  Microsoft Agent 365 and Microsoft IQ  enabling customers to embed AI directly into core business processes. Sapient’s Bodhi platform will then allow organizations to deploy and scale secure  enterprise-grade AI agents across operations  commerce  marketing and customer engagement  connecting data  workflows and decision-making to drive tangible business impact. Identity-based data model: Unlike AI built on public data or siloed models  this partnership is anchored in Epsilon  Publicis’ IP intelligence layer. Epsilon connects customers and prospects to drive measurable outcomes by fusing identity  media  marketing and customer intelligence. AI agents built on Microsoft Fabric and powered by Epsilon will be able to reason  decide and act on trusted  real-world and proprietary data  to deliver impact that extends beyond model performance to sustained business value. For example  an AI agent can autonomously identify high-value customer segments  generate and personalize content  deploy campaigns across channels  and continuously optimize spend in real time — within guardrails set by marketing leaders.“This partnership reflects our belief that AI must do more to serve humanity by empowering creativity and innovation ” said Judson Althoff  CEO of Microsoft’s commercial business. “By bringing Microsoft’s cloud and AI capabilities together with Publicis Groupe Solutions built on Azure  we are giving creatives and makers the freedom to spend less time on repetitive execution and more time shaping ideas  building brands and driving meaningful growth for our customers.”As part of this partnership  Publicis is putting Microsoft 365 Copilot in the hands of all 114 000+ employees worldwide. They have also selected Microsoft Azure as a preferred cloud provider. By working with Microsoft  which offers the most scalable and secure cloud and AI platform in the industry  Publicis is strengthening its ability to deliver personalization at scale and expanding Marcel’s role from pioneering AI in marketing to powering the next generation of enterprisewide AI.Additionally  Publicis will become Microsoft’s global media agency of record. Through focused co-innovation  built with Microsoft Azure  the companies will better link audiences  signals and performance data to maximize business outcomes.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 114 000 professionals.About MicrosoftMicrosoft (Nasdaq “MSFT” @microsoft) creates platforms and tools powered by AI to deliver innovative solutions that meet the evolving needs of our customers. The technology company is committed to making AI available broadly and doing so responsibly  with a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.For more information  press only:Microsoft Media Relations  We. Communications for Microsoft  (425) 638-7777  rapidresponse@wecommunications.comAmy Hadfield  Director of Global Communications  Publicis Groupe  +33 (0)1 44 43 70 75  amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.comMichelle McGowan  Corporate Communications  Publicis Groupe  +1 312 315 5259  michelle.mcgowan@publicisgroupe.comEleanor Conroy  Corporate Communications  Publicis Groupe  +447736746466  eleanor.conroy@publicisgroupe.comNote to editors: For more information  news and perspectives from Microsoft  please visit Microsoft Source at https://news.microsoft.com/source. Web links  telephone numbers and titles were correct at time of publication but may have changed. For additional assistance  journalists and analysts may contact Microsoft’s Rapid Response Team or other appropriate contacts listed at https://news.microsoft.com/microsoft-public-relations-contacts.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['Publicis Groupe', 'strategic partnership', 'agentic marketing', 'Microsoft', 'future', 'businesses', 'fragmented AI point solutions', 'Publicis’ IP intelligence layer', 'secure, enterprise-grade AI agents', 'modern, cloud-native foundations', 'core business processes', 'customer behavior shifts', 'high-value customer segments', 'tangible business impact', 'global media agency', 'Modern cloud foundations', 'preferred cloud provider', 'AI-powered marketing solution', 'full-stack marketing solution', 'innovative AI platform', 'first AI platform', 'AI agent deployment', 'Microsoft Copilot Studio', 'Publicis Groupe Solutions', 'Sapient AI solutions', 'industry-leading identity data', 'Identity-based data model', 'customer intelligence', 'secure cloud', 'agentic solutions', 'business value', 'commercial business', 'model performance', 'Bodhi platform', 'customer engagement', 'Microsoft 365 Copilot', 'agentic AI', 'AI capabilities', 'AI adoption', 'enterprisewide AI', 'legacy systems', 'entire flow', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'unmatched technology', 'unique opportunity', 'connected transformation', 'Slingshot framework', 'public data', 'siloed models', 'trusted, real-world', 'proprietary data', 'Judson Althoff', 'repetitive execution', 'meaningful growth', '114,000+ employees', 'next generation', 'Publicis Sapient', 'Microsoft Agent', 'measurable outcomes', 'agentic marketing', 'marketing leaders', 'Microsoft IQ', 'Microsoft Fabric', 'original ideas', 'agentic era', 'transformation expertise', 'real time', 'less time', 'Microsoft Azure', 'marketing outcomes', 'strategic partnership', 'most companies', 'future', 'businesses', 'creativity', 'innovation', 'customers', 'REDMOND', 'Wash.', 'PARIS', 'April', 'Marcel', 'expansion', 'investments', 'revenue', 'equation', 'marketers', 'strategy', 'pursuit', 'CEO', 'clients', 'dynamics', 'top', 'Epsilon', 'service', 'people', 'humanity', 'ambition', 'needs', 'organizations', 'scale', 'operations', 'commerce', 'workflows', 'decision-making', 'prospects', 'example', 'content', 'campaigns', 'channels', 'spend', 'guardrails', 'belief', 'creatives', 'makers', 'freedom', 'brands', 'hands', 'scalable', 'ability', 'personalization', 'role', 'record']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55711,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3269808/0/en/RIBER-delivers-strong-earnings-growth-in-2025.html,RIBER delivers strong earnings growth in 2025,RIBER delivers strong earnings growth in 2025  Revenues: €40.3m (-2%)Income from ordinary operations: €5.1m  representing 13% of revenues Net income: €5.2m...,RIBER delivers strong earnings growth in 2025Revenues: €40.3m (-2%)Income from ordinary operations: €5.1m  representing 13% of revenuesNet income: €5.2m (+27%)Proposed payout of €0.10 per share for 2025 (+25%)Bezons  April 8  2026 – 8:00 a.m. (CET) – RIBER  a global market leader in MBE equipment for the semiconductor industry  is reporting its 2025 full-year results  marked by a strong improvement in profitability.(in €m) 2025 2024 Changei Revenues 40.3 41.2 - 2.1 % MBE systems revenues 30.9 31.0 - 0.3 % Services and accessories revenues 9.4 10.2 - 7.8 % Gross margin% of revenues 15.638.6% 14.836.1% + 4.7 %Income from ordinary operations% of revenues 5.112.7 % 4.510.9 % + 13.5 %Operating income% of revenues 5.112.7 % 4.410.6 % + 16.6 %Pre-tax income% of revenues 4.811.9 % 4.410.6 % + 9.6 %Net income% of revenues 5.213.0 % 4.110.0 % + 27.1 %HighlightsIn 2025  in an environment driven by strong demand for advanced semiconductor materials for artificial intelligence and data transmission applications  RIBER recorded solid activity in its production systems and the first results from the rollout of ROSIE (RIBER Oxide on Silicon Epitaxy)  a breakthrough technology in silicon-based integrated photonics.Designed to meet the growing requirements of optical transmission and reception applications  ROSIE opens up new commercial opportunities in a fast-expanding market. The first two units were ordered in 2025  confirming growing industrial interest in MBE solutions compatible with 300 mm production lines.In this context  RIBER achieved its revenue targets and recorded a significant improvement in its earnings compared with the previous year.RevenuesFull-year revenues for 2025 amounted to €40.3 million  in line with the Company’s objectives. Revenues for MBE systems remained stable at €30.9 million for 12 machines delivered  including one ROSIE system. Revenues for services and accessories amounted to €9.4 million  down year-on-year  notably due to budgetary restrictions in the United States.EarningsGross margin amounted to €15.6 million  up 4.7%  driven by a favorable product and pricing mix.Income from ordinary operations came to €5.1 million  up 13.5% compared with the previous year  reflecting both sustained business activity and effective cost control. It represented 13% of revenue  compared with 11% in 2024.Net income totaled €5.2 million  compared with €4.1 million in 2024  representing an increase of 27.1%. It includes a €0.5 million tax income related to the recognition of tax loss carryforwards.Cash flow and balance sheetThe cash position at end-2025 amounted to €7.5 million  compared with €8.6 million at the end of 2024.Shareholders’ equity totaled €27.3 million  up €3.7 million compared with year-end 2024. This change reflects the net income for the year as well as the distribution to shareholders from the issue premium related to the 2024 financial year.Order bookAt December 31  2025  the order book amounted to €26.9 million  up 24% compared with the previous year. It includes 6 MBE systems (€20.3 million)  including 4 production machines and 1 ROSIE platform  as well as services and accessories orders (€6.6 million).The order book does not include the order announced in January 2026 for a production system in Japan  scheduled for delivery this year.OutlookAgainst a backdrop of accelerating global investment in artificial intelligence  data infrastructure and quantum technologies  RIBER is positioned at the heart of next-generation semiconductor architectures. Demand for quantum dot lasers used in data centers continues to support the MBE production systems market.The rise of silicon-based integrated photonics is opening a new cycle of innovation and investment. In this context  the ROSIE platform represents a true inflection point for RIBER  with initial orders recorded in 2025 and a gradual ramp-up expected in the coming years.In 2026  RIBER will reach a new milestone with the manufacturing of ROSIE 2  a dual-chamber cluster version. At the same time  the first BTO/STO1 thin film samples on silicon wafers  developed as part of the partnership with NQCP2  will soon be made available to the scientific and industrial community  helping to accelerate the platform’s adoption.In this favorable environment  given the visibility provided by its order book  RIBER enters 2026 with a positive growth outlook  subject to obtaining the export licenses required to materialize the identified opportunities in its systems and services businesses.Distribution of amounts drawn against the “issue premium” accountThe Board of Directors will propose to the June 17  2026  General Meeting a cash distribution of €0.10 per share  through a partial reimbursement of the issue premium. It will be released for payment on June 24  2026.Annie Geoffroy  Chairwoman and CEO of RIBER stated: “2025 marks an important milestone for RIBER  with a significant improvement in our profitability and the first commercial successes of our ROSIE platform.We are now entering a new phase of development  driven by the industrialization of our technologies and their alignment with the growing needs related to artificial intelligence and data infrastructure. Early market feedback and the upcoming availability of the first samples are expected to confirm the relevance of our technological roadmap.In this favorable environment  we approach the coming years with confidence  with the objective of turning these dynamics into sustainable growth and continuous improvement in our performance.”AgendaApril 17  2026  at 6:00 p.m.: Publication of the 2025 Annual Financial ReportJune 17  2026  at 10:00 a.m.: Annual General Meeting in Paris (Maison des Centraliens)The annual financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on April 2  2026. The statutory auditors have completed the audit procedures on the corporate and consolidated accounts. The certification report will be issued once the necessary procedures have been finalized for publishing the full-year financial report.About RIBERFounded in 1964  RIBER is the global leader for molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) equipment. The Company designs and manufactures solutions for the semiconductor industry and supports its customers - industrial players and research laboratories - with a comprehensive range of services and scientific and technical support (hardware and software)  aimed at optimizing equipment performance and yield.RIBER’s technologies are at the core of the development of advanced semiconductor devices  particularly for applications related to artificial intelligence  data infrastructure  telecommunications and photonics. With the launch of ROSIE (RIBER Oxide on Silicon Epitaxy)  a platform dedicated to silicon-based integrated photonics compatible with 300 mm production lines  RIBER is opening up new opportunities in high-growth markets.Positioned in strategic technology segments  RIBER also contributes to advances in research and quantum technologies.RIBER is recognized as an ‘Innovative Company’ by Bpifrance” and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBERAnnie Geoffroy | tel : +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comACTUS FINANCE & COMMUNICATIONCyril Combe – Investors relations | tel : +33 (0)1 53 65 37 94 | ccombe@actus.frSerena Boni – Press relations | tel : +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92 | sboni@actus.fr1 Barium Titanate Oxide (BTO) et Strontium Titanate Oxide (STO)2 Novo Nordisk Foundation Quantum Computing Programmei Change calculated on a k€ basisAttachment,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.32,0.09,True,English,"['strong earnings growth', 'RIBER', '2025', 'first BTO/STO1 thin film samples', 'MBE production systems market', 'first two units', 'first commercial successes', 'silicon-based integrated photonics', 'effective cost control', 'tax loss carryforwards', 'true inflection point', 'dual-chamber cluster version', 'advanced semiconductor materials', 'next-generation semiconductor architectures', '300 mm production lines', 'global market leader', 'sustained business activity', 'quantum dot lasers', 'growing industrial interest', 'positive growth outlook', '€0.5 million tax income', 'issue premium” account', 'data transmission applications', 'new commercial opportunities', 'one ROSIE system', 'strong earnings growth', 'MBE systems revenues', 'first results', 'expanding market', '6 MBE systems', 'semiconductor industry', 'MBE equipment', 'solid activity', 'growing requirements', 'optical transmission', 'reception applications', 'MBE solutions', 'quantum technologies', 'industrial community', 'strong improvement', 'data infrastructure', 'data centers', 'new cycle', 'new milestone', '4 production machines', 'ordinary operations', '2025 full-year results', 'artificial intelligence', 'Silicon Epitaxy', 'breakthrough technology', 'significant improvement', 'budgetary restrictions', 'United States', 'Gross margin', 'favorable product', 'pricing mix', 'Cash flow', 'balance sheet', 'cash position', 'global investment', 'initial orders', 'gradual ramp-up', 'coming years', 'same time', 'silicon wafers', 'export licenses', 'General Meeting', 'partial reimbursement', 'Annie Geoffroy', 'important milestone', 'strong demand', 'Net income', 'previous year', '2024 financial year', 'accessories orders', 'Order book', 'revenue targets', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'favorable environment', '1 ROSIE platform', 'Changei Revenues', 'Full-year revenues', 'cash distribution', 'services businesses', 'RIBER Oxide', 'accessories revenues', '12 machines', 'payout', 'Bezons', 'April', '8:00 a', 'CET', 'profitability', '27.1 % Highlights', 'rollout', 'context', 'Company', 'objectives', 'increase', 'recognition', 'end', 'December', 'January', 'Japan', 'delivery', 'backdrop', 'heart', 'rise', 'innovation', 'manufacturing', 'partnership', 'NQCP', 'scientific', 'adoption', 'visibility', 'amounts', 'Board', 'Directors', 'June', 'payment', 'Chairwoman', 'CEO', '9']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55712,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/04/08/3270436/0/en/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details.html,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,Amsterdam  April 8  2026  SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR227 million (US$270 million1) share repurchase program for the...,"Amsterdam  April 8  2026SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR227 million (US$270 million1) share repurchase program for the period April 2  2026 through April 8  2026.The repurchases were made under the EUR227 million share repurchase program announced on February 26  2026 and effective from February 27  2026. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital and  in addition  to provide shares for regular management and employee share programs. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period February 27  2026 through April 8  2026 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 226 633 158 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 24 191 908 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 725 724 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 33.33 Start Date February 27  2026 Percentage of program completed as of April 8  2026 10.67% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount April 2  2026 25 375 EUR 35.31 EUR 895 968 April 3  2026 Stock markets closed April 6  2026 Stock markets closed April 7  2026 24 504 EUR 36.56 EUR 895 967 April 8  2026 25 509 EUR 35.12 EUR 895 996 Total 75 388 EUR 35.65 EUR 2 687 931All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE  Turquoise Europe and or Aquis Europe.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 26  2026  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore is a global leader in deepwater ocean infrastructure  delivering floating production solutions across the full asset lifecycle—from design and construction to installation and operation. Supported by a global team of more than 8 000 professionals  the Company operates a long-term  asset-backed business model that delivers high-availability assets and predictable cash flows. SBM Offshore combines engineering expertise  operational reliability  and selective innovation to support safe  efficient  and lower-carbon energy production  while extending its capabilities into new opportunities across the blue economy.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year Annual General Meeting April 15 2026 First Quarter 2026 Trading Update May 7 2026 Half Year 2026 Earnings August 6 2026 Third Quarter 2026 Trading Update November 12 2026 Full Year 2026 Earnings February 18 2027For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 2 02 36 32 36 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsGiampaolo ArghittuHead of External RelationsPhone: +31 (0) 6 212 62 333 / +39 33 494 79 584 E-mail: giampaolo.arghittu@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views  expectations and various assumptions regarding the financial and non-financial position of SBM Offshore N.V.  anticipated developments and other factors  and involve known and unknown risks  dependencies and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and / or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impacts  Risks and Opportunities’ section of the 2025 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore N.V. does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.Data underpinning certain disclosures – particularly sustainability-related - may be subject to inherent limitations. These limitations include but are not limited to reliance on third party data providers whose data quality  completeness and integrity may differ; the use of estimates and assumptions where actual data is unavailable or incomplete; and dependencies on value chain partners for timely and accurate information provision. Methodologies  standards and regulatory requirements for measuring and reporting information—especially sustainability related information—continue to evolve. As a result  our measurement approaches and reported figures may be refined over time as more accurate  granular or standardized data becomes available. Accordingly  all data  and emissions data in particular  should be interpreted in light of these limitations and the ongoing maturation of sustainability reporting practices across our value chain.This release contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined by the ESMA guidelines which are not defined under IFRS. Further information on these APMs is included in 2025 Annual Report  available on our website Annual Reports - SBM Offshore.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  and “F4W®” and “Imodco®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.1 Based on the EUR/US$ forward exchange rate on February 18  2026.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Financial Calendar Date Year Annual General Meeting', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'EUR227 million share repurchase program', 'Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'Trade Date Quantity Repurchased', 'long-term, asset-backed business model', 'million1) share repurchase program', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'Cumulative Quantity Repurchased', 'employee share programs', 'deepwater ocean infrastructure', 'floating production solutions', 'predictable cash flows', 'lower-carbon energy production', 'full asset lifecycle', 'last 5 trading days', 'Further detailed information', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'other forward-looking statements', '2025 Annual Report', 'Start Date', 'Full Year', 'Half Year', 'share capital', 'current views', 'Media Relations', 'External Relations', 'other factors', 'Trading Update', 'daily basis', 'top half', 'Investors section', '2026 Stock markets', 'CBOE DXE', 'Turquoise Europe', 'Aquis Europe', 'regular update', 'Corporate Profile', 'global leader', 'global team', 'high-availability assets', 'engineering expertise', 'operational reliability', 'selective innovation', 'new opportunities', 'blue economy', 'First Quarter', 'Third Quarter', 'Corporate Finance', 'historical facts', 'various assumptions', 'non-financial position', 'actual results', 'similar expressions', 'future operations', 'Opportunities’ section', 'underlying assumptions', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'regular management', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'future expectations', 'subsequent events', 'inherent limitations', 'industry information', 'new information', 'press release', 'transaction details', 'individual transactions', 'Wouter Holties', 'Giampaolo Arghittu', 'April', 'period', 'repurchases', 'February', 'objective', 'addition', 'shares', 'aggregate', 'Company', 'website', '2026 Percentage', 'nr', 'design', 'construction', 'installation', '8,000 professionals', 'capabilities', 'sbmoffshore', 'Earnings', 'November', 'mail', 'Head', 'Phone', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'developments', 'dependencies', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'words', 'Impacts', 'obligation', 'Data', 'disclosures', '31']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,globenewswire.com
55713,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/2026/04/08/global-stocks-surge-as-ceasefire-stokes-relief-rally/,Global stocks surge as ceasefire stokes relief rally,Oil prices retreated  lifting airline stocks including Ryanair  EasyJet and Delta,Wall Street’s so-called fear gauge – the VIX – hit pre-war levels after the US  Israel and Iran agreed a two-week ceasefire. Photograph: Getty ImagesGlobal shares rallied to their highest levels in more than a month on Wednesday as investors rushed to buy following the announcement of a two-week ceasefire between the US  Israel and Iran.Oil fell the most in almost six years on the ceasefire proposal  which revived risk sentiment across global markets.DublinLed by Ryanair  the Iseq index jumped by more than 6.2 per cent. The airline surged 10.6 per cent to €26.80 per share amid a fall in oil prices  which lifted recently battered airline stocks across Europe.Euronext Dublin was a sea of green with all sectors performing well. Banking stocks advanced  with Bank of Ireland and AIB adding 5.3 per cent and 4.8 per cent to close at €16.33 and €9.38 respectively.Other index heavy-hitters also moved higher. Kerry Group added 1.3 per cent to €68.60  while Kingspan climbed to €77.9 per share  up by more than 8.7 per cent.Listed home builders Cairn Homes and Glenveagh also added 5.4 per cent and 4.4 per cent respectively.LondonBritain’s benchmark FTSE 100 index rallied 2.5 per cent to a one-month high  while the domestic-focused FTSE 250 jumped by more than 4 per cent.Heavyweight oil companies  including BP and Shell  dropped 5.8 per cent and 4.7 per cent  respectively  ‌tracking a double-digit plunge in crude prices.All the other big FTSE 350 subsectors rose  led by rate-sensitive home builders  banks and travel companies. EasyJet and TUI jumped more than 10 per cent as travel and tourism stocks regathered some lost momentum.Meanwhile  British ​telecoms firm Gamma Communications jumped more than 16 per cent after it ​said it was in preliminary discussions with several parties for a potential sale.EuropeEuropean stocks soared the most in more than four years  with the blue-chip Stoxx 50 index up 5 per cent by the close  while the pan-European Stoxx 600 added 3.9 per cent.“Investors are looking to play a shift in market sentiment and buy everything that’s been beaten up in recent weeks and sell what’s done well ” said Dan Coatsworth  head of markets at AJ Bell.Spanish and Italian banks gained  with Intesa Sanpaolo rising by more than 5 per cent  and Santander and BBVA up by more than 6.5 per cent.Infineon and rival chipmaker ASML also advanced  adding more than 11 per cent and 8.4 per cent  respectively.Close Brothers Group shares surged 13 per cent after the specialised lender said it was adequately covered against the estimated cost related to the settlement over mis-selling of car loans.New YorkAll of Wall Street’s big indices were caught in Wednesday’s upswell of optimism  with the S&P 500 rising 2.5 per cent  the Nasdaq Composite up 3.1 per cent and the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 2.6 per cent.Wall Street’s so-called fear gauge – the Vix – hit pre-war levels. Airlines  which had been pummeled by worries about skyrocketing fuel prices  soared.Delta Air Lines advanced by more than 6 per cent after reporting first-quarter revenue and earnings that exceeded analyst expectations. However  the carrier said it expects to incur more than $2 billion in higher fuel costs through June because of the Iran war  prompting it to tread carefully and stick to its previous full-year profit forecast.Other travel-linked stocks also jumped  with Southwest Airlines and United Airlines advancing 7.2 per cent and ⁠9.8 per cent  respectively.The S&P 500 energy sector ‌was the only one in the red  down almost ​4.6 per cent. Exxon Mobil and Chevron dropped 5.6 per cent each  and Occidental Petroleum lost 6.4 per cent.Investors are awaiting domestic inflation readings  expected later this week  to gauge whether the elevated crude prices during the war have added to price pressures. – Additional reporting: Bloomberg  Reuters,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.01,mixed,0.11,0.18,0.71,True,English,"['Global stocks', 'relief rally', 'ceasefire', 'The S&P 500 energy sector', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'previous full-year profit forecast', 'Close Brothers Group shares', 'other big FTSE 350 subsectors', 'British \u200btelecoms firm', 'Delta Air Lines', 'higher fuel costs', 'domestic inflation readings', 'Other index heavy-hitters', 'Other travel-linked stocks', 'benchmark FTSE 100 index', 'skyrocketing fuel prices', 'rate-sensitive home builders', 'Heavyweight oil companies', 'Global shares', 'Kerry Group', 'domestic-focused FTSE', 'big indices', 'Iseq index', 'oil prices', 'crude prices', 'Banking stocks', 'tourism stocks', 'European stocks', 'Wall Street', 'fear gauge', 'pre-war levels', 'two-week ceasefire', 'Getty Images', 'highest levels', 'a month', 'six years', 'ceasefire proposal', 'risk sentiment', 'Cairn Homes', 'double-digit plunge', 'travel companies', 'Gamma Communications', 'preliminary discussions', 'several parties', 'potential sale', 'four years', 'blue-chip Stoxx', 'pan-European Stoxx', 'market sentiment', 'recent weeks', 'Dan Coatsworth', 'AJ Bell', 'Intesa Sanpaolo', 'rival chipmaker', 'specialised lender', 'car loans', 'New York', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'first-quarter revenue', 'analyst expectations', 'Exxon Mobil', 'Occidental Petroleum', 'price pressures', 'Additional reporting', 'airline stocks', '6.2 per cent', '5.3 per cent', '4.8 per cent', '5.4 per cent', '4.7 per cent', '5 per cent', '11 per cent', '8.4 per cent', '6 per cent', '9.8 per cent', 'Southwest Airlines', 'United Airlines', 'global markets', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Italian banks', 'Iran war', '1.3 per', '8.7 per', '4.4 per', 'VIX', 'Israel', 'Photograph', 'Wednesday', 'investors', 'announcement', 'Ryanair', 'fall', 'sea', 'green', 'Ireland', 'AIB', 'Kingspan', 'Glenveagh', 'London', 'Britain', 'one-month', 'BP', 'Shell', 'EasyJet', 'TUI', 'momentum', 'shift', 'everything', 'head', 'Spanish', 'Santander', 'BBVA', 'Infineon', 'ASML', 'settlement', 'mis-selling', 'upswell', 'optimism', 'worries', 'earnings', 'carrier', 'June', 'red', 'Chevron', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '16', '3.9', '\u200b4.6']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,irishtimes.com
55714,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/04/08/the-blue-tremors-and-the-institutional-nikos-d-the-days-measures-for-minors-on-social-media-the-hungarians-in-fourlis-fessas-deal-in-energy/,The blue tremors and the institutional Nikos D.  the day’s measures for minors on social media  the Hungarians in Fourlis  Fessas’ deal in Energy,///The post The blue tremors and the institutional Nikos D.  the day’s measures for minors on social media  the Hungarians in Fourlis  Fessas’ deal in Energy appeared first on ProtoThema English.,Newsroom April 8 11:44Hello  the days are holy and festive and people’s mood turns to the weather  which will be quite good  though not perfect according to meteorologists  to strolls and of course to the Easter lamb. Yes  indeed  everything is more expensive than last year  but forgive me  I’ve been hearing this standard cliché “everything is more expensive this year” since 1985 when I entered journalism. We also hear that “traffic in the market is down this year ” but if that were the case  adding up the percentages we would end up below zero—something that simply doesn’t happen. Otherwise  I think yesterday we got a better taste of the OPEKEPE case files  two of those that reached Parliament concerning ND MPs Chatzivassiliou and Athanasiou. “We sent the two cases to the Greek prosecutorial authorities because European financial interests were not harmed ” the European Public Prosecutor’s Office said. So really  whichever “European prosecutor” studied Athanasiou’s case didn’t see that the MP asked about the scoring of a livestock farmer  OPEKEPE’s Melas told him “the system is closed ” and that’s where it ended? Why was it sent for investigation  tarnishing an MP’s name? Something similar happened with Chatzivassiliou. Lawyers tell me such exaggerations—or similar ones—also exist in European cases referred for lifting immunity of political figures  but let’s wait and see.The misfortune-Since I’m on the case of Chatzivassiliou  let me tell you a tidbit. It had been strongly rumored lately that in the corrective reshuffle to take place due to OPEKEPE  the injustice in his case would be remedied and he would re-enter the government  given the trust K.M. has in him. After all  as Secretary of International Relations of ND  he accompanies him in all his contacts. However  this somewhat ridiculous case file came along and the decision was shelved  as Chatzivassiliou now has another issue.Turbulence in the Parliamentary Group-However  the lifting of immunities  the handling of the situation combined with the announcements about changes to the electoral system  with all this vague talk about incompatibility between ministers and MPs  made things… a bit like summer turmoil in the blue Parliamentary Group. Mitsotakis himself somewhat calmed things down the other day regarding the case files of his ministers and MPs  but he himself put on the table the discussion about all these nice institutional matters  which  however  neither happen without constitutional change nor  as they were presented  point to any specific electoral system. In any case  yesterday Marinakis also came out and said that the preference vote is not being abolished (since only then would incompatibility make sense)  and I think the discussion is over for now.And what about Dendias?-I also asked my (absolutely reliable) source about Dendias and his supposed διαφοροποίηση on the issue of lifting MPs’ immunity  that is  that he would not go to vote to send a message of support to his tested colleagues. I got the answer: “Nikos was out of Greece for a very happy event (he welcomed another grandchild) and was briefed in detail about what was happening in Athens the day before yesterday. How could he not vote to lift the immunity of an MP who himself publicly and clearly requested it from the very first moment? Dendias always acts institutionally and in an orderly manner; he is a minister of the government. Moreover  the country is currently in an unstable geopolitical environment with war  and he is the Minister of National Defence. He doesn’t make such moves.” I think that’s clear and expected from Dendias’ style and way of thinking.Meeting on adequacy-As things in energy are starting to get tight  Papastavrou and Tsafos are today calling market players  institutional bodies and companies  to look at availability and the smooth electricity supply of the country ahead of Easter  as well as to assess the impact of the ongoing crisis in the Middle East. Behind the polished wording  note the market’s concern  despite assurances that thanks to RES we are in a better position this year than others. I hear invitations have gone out to Helleniq Energy  MOTOR OIL  RAAEY  ADMIE  DEDDIE  DESFA  PPC  DEPA  METLEN  TERNA  AKTOR/Atlantic See and GASTRADE.Changing the agenda with a digital cut-off-In any case  it is clear that Mitsotakis wants to change the discussion and move away as much as possible from the OPEKEPE case  also with the Easter tables in mind. I hear that today the digital cut-off for social media concerning children under 15 will be announced  with a legislative framework similar to that of France and Australia  pushing digital platforms to check much more strictly—using artificial intelligence—the real age of users. This intervention had also been polled by the Maximos Mansion and had huge  cross-party appeal among parents.Alpha Bank – Alpha Trust-A success for Alpha Bank and V. Psaltis is the agreement for the acquisition of Alpha Trust announced yesterday. With around €700 million in private banking and an additional €1.5 billion under management  Alpha Trust was the holy grail of asset management in the Greek market. It is no coincidence that National Bank  Eurobank and Piraeus Bank had also approached it. The first approach for Alpha Trust’s acquisition by Alpha Bank had been made by Yiannis Kostopoulos a few years after its founding  because he wanted the brand name  which had been registered by Phaedon Tambakakis in 1987  when Alpha Bank was still Credit Bank. Kostopoulos’ offer is said to have been financially attractive  but Tambakakis did not accept it. Sources of the column say that Tambakakis and Chris Aesopos have committed to remain in the company for at least three years.A new sign on Athinon Avenue…-Two workers on a ladder and a logo being mounted on Athinon Avenue. Euronext is no longer just a stamp on the documents of the Athens Exchange; it is now big letters on the wall. Those who went yesterday morning to the Exchange for Andromeda’s presentation at the Institutional Investors Association may have been disappointed not to hear any comment or detail about Alpha Trust’s acquisition by Alpha Bank  but they saw the market’s change in practice. A week ago  with 79.2% shareholder participation  the Extraordinary General Assembly of ATHEX unanimously approved its renaming to “Euronext Athens Holding S.A.” Along with the new name came a new statute with a smaller board  digital meetings  and alignment with the group’s other markets. Beyond the building’s façade  major changes for investors  listed companies and market members will gradually become visible from the end of 2026  when systems will be transferred to Euronext’s platform.… and the hefty bill of Euronext Athens for brokerage firms-Investors who recognize the Euronext logo in Milan or Amsterdam will now recognize it in Athens as well  but along with it comes a hefty bill to be paid by brokerage firms. The reason is that Euronext Athens will discontinue all services that ATHEX provided to brokerages. Brokerage firms have already received notice that from this coming October Euronext Athens will stop providing them with share prices. Therefore  they will have to reach agreements with providers. Also  data for reporting a range of regulatory obligations (such as ARAs  market abuse  etc.) will no longer be provided. Brokerages must purchase their own software to meet these obligations  some of which are very costly. In addition  firms working with institutional clients and wanting direct access to trading rather than via the internet will have to install equipment in picturesque Bergamo  just 40 km from Milan. Besides the significant cost  brokerages face a technological labyrinth to rebuild their systems from scratch to remain competitive. They must comply by June 2027  when the Athens Exchange is scheduled to move to Euronext’s platform. As is obvious  by then private brokerages must answer the dilemma: collective merger or shutdown.What are the Hungarians doing in Fourlis?-Within less than a month  Quest Holdings increased its stake in Fourlis from 5.05% to 10.53%. The official narrative is known: a vote of confidence in strategy and prospects. At the same time  alongside Quest  we saw Hungarian Hold Alapkezelo systematically increasing its position in Fourlis to over 10%. According to market sources  this move triggered reflexes in management. When a foreign fund starts quietly accumulating strength in a stock  major shareholders start looking for an ally in the shareholder base. Vassilis Fourlis has such an ally  Theodoros Fessas  who obviously does not make such an investment driven solely by friendship. Some in the market believe that since the two listed companies are major shareholders in respective REICs (BriQ Properties and Trade Estates)  perhaps their shareholder relations will extend into real estate. In any case  Quest strengthened its position in Fourlis  and on the stock exchange  10% is a statement of intent. In yesterday’s conference call  no details were given as to what that intent exactly is. If Fessas’ stake increases further—as rumored—the matter becomes more serious.Fessas’ deal in energy-And since we’re talking about Fessas  it should be noted that while investing in Fourlis  he is also divesting from a number of activities of his group. Besides ACS  which is in the process of being sold  Quest Group—put politely—is reassessing the weight of its presence in the energy market. Specifically  its subsidiary Quest Energy sold a large part of its portfolio of photovoltaic plants in full operation  with a total installed capacity of 36.7 MW across various regions of Greece  for €36 million after net debt adjustment. Management states that this move is part of a strategy to rationalize the energy portfolio and strengthen liquidity. At the same time  another subsidiary  QUEST Energy Real Estate  completed a smaller acquisition of photovoltaic plants with a total capacity of 4.2 MW in Attica for €3.5 million. As a result  the consolidated 2025 results announced yesterday include an impairment of €2.9 million related to the sale of the photovoltaic parks. Given that most parks were sold last year as part of the divestment  management expects Quest Energy’s figures for 2026 to be 90% or more lower compared to last year.Allwyn’s dividend-Within a week  Allwyn’s share recovered a month’s losses in a period full of major developments. From today  the share trades ex-dividend  shortly after the successful completion of the merger between Allwyn International AG and OPAP  which created the second-largest listed gaming company globally. The dividend amounts to €0.80 per share from the share premium account  with the option of reinvestment through a scrip dividend. The issue price of new shares will be determined by the average of five sessions from April 20–24. In November 2024  an interim dividend of €0.50 had been paid  bringing total distribution to €1.30 per share. From 2026  management has committed to a minimum annual dividend of €1 per share  with the option of scrip dividend and consideration of extraordinary dividends or share buybacks.Why Hellenic Defence Systems is seeking investors-With the defence industry now firmly in the spotlight  companies in the sector—and beyond—are trying to secure as large a share as possible of the capital flowing into the market. Among them  Hellenic Defence Systems (EAS)  the group formed from the merger of PYRKAL and EBO  has entered a phase of restructuring and growth restart  aiming to reposition itself on the defence industry map. In this context  the company has convened an extraordinary general meeting scheduled for the end of April  with a particularly interesting item on the agenda: the approval of launching a tender to seek investors to finance and upgrade equipment and facilities related to shell and cartridge production  and to transfer the relevant activity to EAS’s plant in Aigio  the company’s only facility outside Attica. It should be noted that EAS has already entered into a strategic partnership with the Czech group CSG (Czechoslovak Group) to produce large-caliber ammunition at its Lavrio plant  a €50 million investment co-financed by the EU through the ASAP program. The defence group CSG  owned by Michal Strnad  aims to replicate in Greece the success story of the Fábrica de Municiones de Granada (FMG) in Spain  where it invested in 2020 and within four years tripled its workforce  expanded production  and significantly increased revenues and profits.A Vardinogiannis in AI-An interesting “arrival” was recorded among the new companies established yesterday  Holy Tuesday. It concerns the company under the name “Aegis AI Technologies ” headquartered on Navarinou Street in Athens  with activities including wholesale trade services of electronic equipment and components  services of financial holding companies  investment company services (in shares  securities  real estate  etc.)  as well as wholesale trade services of ships  aircraft  and other transport equipment. The initial share capital amounts to €25 000  fully paid in cash  and was entirely covered by Pyrros Vardinogiannis (son of Nikolaos). He  apart from being the sole shareholder  also took over the company’s management.€1.4 billion lost by Greek Mutual Funds-From the end of February to the end of March  the Greek mutual fund market lost approximately €1.4 billion in valuation. Total assets closed in the last week of March at €29.66 billion  down from €31.06 billion at the beginning of the month  just before the crisis broke out. This does not mean that unit holders rushed to liquidate their positions in mutual funds. Weekly net outflows stood at €7 million. The major damage occurred in valuations  as portfolios lost value. Greek equity mutual funds recorded -4.64% in assets  with an average return of -4.15% and unit outflows of around €21.3 million in one week. In contrast  international bond funds attracted €27.6 million in inflows  a classic “safe haven” move. Once again  it was confirmed that our market  for now  shows strength and resilience. Even index equity funds recorded small inflows of €4.65 million  evidently because some investors have chosen to buy during the correction. These figures do not yet incorporate the upward movements of Tuesday–Wednesday.Behind the scenes of the meeting between the Union of Greek Shipowners and Apostolos Tzitzikostas-On Akti Miaouli  the meeting between Apostolos Tzitzikostas and the leadership of the Union of Greek Shipowners last week was anything but formal. Behind the customary formalities  the discussion moved to a more substantive level  with clear remarks on the course of European maritime policy. The Commissioner himself presented the main lines of the new European Strategy for the Maritime Industry and the Ports Strategy  emphasizing sustainability  resilience  and international competitiveness. However  according to sources  the interest of his interlocutors focused less on declarations and more on how these would be implemented in practice. Board members clearly raised the issue of competitiveness  noting that the European regulatory framework is beginning to create suffocating conditions. Overregulation  as emphasized  increases administrative burden without immediate operational benefit  while competing maritime powers outside the EU operate with greater flexibility. Particular emphasis was placed on the role of Greek shipping  which  as highlighted  represents 61% of the capacity of the European fleet. This did not go unnoticed in the discussion  as it was used as an argument for more realistic policies  given that the Greek-owned fleet is not merely a strong sector but a critical factor for Europe’s energy security and food supply. The tone remained mild  but with evident pressure on specific points. On the issue of the green transition  strong concern was expressed that Europe might move faster than the international framework  creating unequal competitive conditions. The Greek side reportedly called for clear alignment with global developments to avoid unilateral burdens. For his part  the Commissioner listened carefully and  according to the same sources  acknowledged that some of the remarks are valid. The main takeaway from the meeting is that the shipping community does not question Europe’s strategic direction  but is concerned about its implementation. And this concern is not theoretical; it directly αφορά the position of European shipping in an environment where competition is intensifying and margins for error are narrowing  against the backdrop of ongoing military operations in the Middle East  which heighten risks and create new challenges for the uninterrupted functioning of maritime transport.€300 million and Frangou’s message: Who understood what’s going on in Japan?-It was not a simple announcement. Nor just another “business as usual” move. Angeliki Frangou placed $300 million into Japanese shipyards and those who know simply smiled knowingly. Because in shipping  where you put your money says more than how much you make. Listed on the New York Stock Exchange  Navios Maritime Partners did not go where the many go. It did not choose cheap solutions or quick deals. It went to the Land of the Rising Sun. Partnerships with giants such as NYK Line  Mitsui O.S.K. Lines and K Line are not just investment moves. They are clubs not everyone gets into. The group already has six vessels under construction in Japanese shipyards  deepening its cooperation with leading Japanese shipping groups. As the Chios-born shipowner commented  Japan offers a combination of high-quality shipbuilding  competitive financing  and reliable charterers. Navios currently has a fleet with an average age of 9.6 years  significantly younger than the market average. Market circles comment that such moves “lock in” charters even before the keel is laid. The more perceptive see that Frangou is buying time. At a time when everyone fears regulations  fuels  and green requirements  she is investing in a fleet that will already be ready when others are still looking for solutions. The question now is who wants—and can—follow Navios.Beijing  Piraeus and the strengthening of trade routes-Amid dramatic geopolitical developments  on the backstage chessboard of international shipping and the global supply chain  China  away from the spotlight  with its embassy as the spearhead  is focusing even more attention on Greece. Our country is not considered merely a market or a transit hub for Beijing. Greek-owned shipping and the ports  especially Piraeus  constitute a strategic hub linking Chinese production with European consumption. As I learn  the Chinese side will increase  both through Cosco and through its allied forces in liner shipping  container vessel routes in order to strengthen the port of Piraeus. The stability and predictability offered by Greece are valuable “tools” for the Red Dragon  especially in a period of geopolitical turbulence  with wars and market shifts affecting the flow of raw materials  energy  and goods. At the same time  China is investing in infrastructure and digital technologies  enhancing efficiency and real-time cargo tracking.Why the stock market went against the current-Athens Avenue managed to move with relative autonomy  posting gains of over 1% yesterday  while major European markets and Wall Street remained trapped in negative territory. Despite Trump’s ultimatums and the geopolitical uncertainty weighing on international indices  the Athens Stock Exchange found support in specific stocks  allowing the General Index to diverge from the broader sell-off. This picture  however  does not represent a complete “decoupling” from the international environment  but is due to a series of domestic factors and selective positioning. The banking sector provided the necessary boost to keep the General Index in positive territory  with investors focusing on profitability prospects and dividends. Athens’ differentiation compared to other markets is also due to the “special weight” of Allwyn  with the stock continuing its own rally  acting as an autonomous upward catalyst not directly affected by external macroeconomic uncertainty. The market appears to be pricing in that the Greek economy maintains its momentum  regardless of temporary disruptions in global supply chains  betting on the positive scenario. Nevertheless  despite the outperformance  analysts remain cautious. Yesterday’s “against the current” move shows resilience  but in a shallow market like the Greek one  sustaining this course depends directly on maintaining liquidity and avoiding a prolonged crisis in international capital markets  which would inevitably affect Athens as well.“Golden” Holding-Another company that began its journey yesterday is Carbion Industrial Mineral Holding  based in Piraeus  which  as its name suggests  is a holding company aiming to acquire minority or majority stakes in Greek or foreign businesses  as well as provide investment services  business consulting  etc. Behind this company  which has an initial share capital of €15 435 000  stands the Kalafatis family of Iokal Group. It is the mining and industrial company Ionian Kalk S.A.  founded in 1976 by Giannis Kalafatis. The Group maintains production facilities in Kefalonia  Mandra  and Kavala  employing over 150 people. With annual turnover exceeding €25 million  it holds a leading position in the calcium carbonate sector in Greece and the Balkans  particularly in terms of sales volume. At the same time  it maintains a dominant presence in the Greek market  while its exports extend to more than 70 countries worldwide. The share capital of Carbion Industrial Mineral Holding is divided into 1 102 500 registered shares  with a nominal value of €14 each. Of the total €15 435 000  €15 400 000 constitutes an in-kind contribution of 1 100 000 shares of Ionian Kalk S.A. (99.6997%) from Giannis Kalafatis  while the remainder was paid in cash. He assumed the role of Chairman and CEO of the company  while Konstantina Kalafati (Vice President) and Gerasimia Kalafati (member) also participate on the Board.Jamie Dimon’s political (war) analysis-Jamie Dimon runs the largest bank in the world  JP Morgan. Yesterday he gave an interview—where matters—on Fox News and broke every rule of objectivity and “distance” from political events traditionally followed by Wall Street. Speaking on Fox & Friends  he openly supported the US–Israeli military operation against Iran  placing it above any other priority. “It is far more important that it be successfully completed than what the market is doing.” Dimon appeared to believe that a potential failure to deter Iran’s nuclear program constitutes a long-term risk far greater than short-term market disruptions. “Successful completion” functions in his logic as an insurance policy against an explosive geopolitical risk—even if the short-term cost is high. The banker implies that the market has already priced in this scenario and that  if the operation is completed quickly and effectively  the recovery will be equally sharp. The turbulence of these days will be temporary. The biggest risk  for him  is not war  but a war that does not end. His next argument concerns energy security. The closure of the Strait of Hormuz would be a tolerable short-term blow for the US economy  provided the operation permanently limits Iran’s ability to threaten energy networks. An America that produces enormous quantities of oil  Dimon calculates  can withstand the shock better than its European partners. What Jamie Dimon did not say in his interview is who defines when the operation has been “successfully completed.”Another winner of the war in Wyoming  USA-We have already referred to the major shortages in the global helium market  which is extremely useful—essential for the global semiconductor production chain. Every crisis  however  has its beneficiaries. Thirty percent of global helium production capacity has already been severely affected  with markets recording in despair the damage to Qatar’s Ras Laffan facility  which was set to increase its share of global production to 34% within five years. This expansion  of course  has been postponed—and that is the great opportunity for Wyoming in the United States. ExxonMobil’s LaBarge plant  deep within America’s mountain ranges  already produces about 1.4 billion cubic feet of high-quality (Grade A) helium each year. Production in Wyoming accounts for 20% of global supply  according to UBS. It reportedly has reserves for another 80 years. A mine in Wyoming has  within days  evolved into critical infrastructure of global scale. Helium is irreplaceable for the manufacturing of artificial intelligence semiconductors (chips). It is used for cooling  leak detection  and MRI scans. The war in the Persian Gulf causes a helium shortage. The helium shortage causes disruption in semiconductor production. The disruption in chip production causes a crisis in the global tech industry. Wyoming wins.,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,mixed,0.21,0.18,0.61,True,English,"['institutional Nikos D.', 'blue tremors', 'social media', 'Fessas’ deal', 'day', 'measures', 'minors', 'Hungarians', 'Fourlis', 'Energy', 'Greek prosecutorial authorities', 'unstable geopolitical environment', 'smooth electricity supply', 'huge, cross-party appeal', 'European financial interests', 'nice institutional matters', 'European Public Prosecutor', 'blue Parliamentary Group', 'ridiculous case file', 'specific electoral system', 'OPEKEPE case files', 'ND MPs Chatzivassiliou', 'European prosecutor', 'European cases', 'institutional bodies', 'last year', 'standard cliché', 'two cases', 'livestock farmer', 'political figures', 'corrective reshuffle', 'K.M.', 'International Relations', 'vague talk', 'summer turmoil', 'constitutional change', 'preference vote', 'reliable) source', 'happy event', 'first moment', 'orderly manner', 'National Defence', 'ongoing crisis', 'Middle East', 'polished wording', 'MOTOR OIL', 'AKTOR/Atlantic See', 'digital cut-off', 'social media', 'legislative framework', 'digital platforms', 'artificial intelligence', 'real age', 'Maximos Mansion', 'Alpha Bank', 'A success', 'V. Psaltis', 'private banking', 'Easter lamb', 'Easter tables', 'Alpha Trust', 'Helleniq Energy', 'market players', 'MPs’ immunity', 'Newsroom', 'April', 'days', 'people', 'mood', 'weather', 'meteorologists', 'strolls', 'course', 'everything', 'journalism', 'traffic', 'percentages', 'taste', 'Athanasiou', 'Office', 'scoring', 'Melas', 'investigation', 'name', 'Something', 'Lawyers', 'exaggerations', 'misfortune', 'tidbit', 'place', 'injustice', 'government', 'Secretary', 'contacts', 'decision', 'issue', 'Turbulence', 'lifting', 'immunities', 'handling', 'situation', 'announcements', 'changes', 'incompatibility', 'ministers', 'things', 'Mitsotakis', 'discussion', 'Marinakis', 'sense', 'Dendias', 'message', 'support', 'colleagues', 'answer', 'Nikos', 'Greece', 'grandchild', 'detail', 'Athens', 'yesterday', 'country', 'war', 'moves', 'style', 'way', 'thinking', 'Meeting', 'adequacy', 'Papastavrou', 'Tsafos', 'companies', 'availability', 'impact', 'concern', 'assurances', 'position', 'others', 'invitations', 'RAAEY', 'ADMIE', 'DEDDIE', 'DESFA', 'PPC', 'DEPA', 'METLEN', 'GASTRADE', 'agenda', 'mind', 'children', 'France', 'Australia', 'users', 'intervention', 'parents', 'agreement', 'acquisition', 'διαφοροποίηση']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,en.protothema.gr
55715,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.crweworld.com/article/news-provided-by-globenewswire/3819044/microsoft-and-publicis-groupe-expand-their-strategic-partnershipto-power-the-future-of-agentic-marketing-for-businesses-worldwide,Microsoft and Publicis Groupe expand their strategic partnership to power the future of agentic marketing for businesses worldwide,Microsoft and Publicis Groupe expand their strategic partnership to power the future of agentic marketing for businesses worldwide   Together the companies are building an AI-powered marketing solution that will unlock creativity  acceler,Microsoft and Publicis Groupe expand their strategic partnershipto power the future of agentic marketing for businesses worldwideTogether the companies are building an AI-powered marketing solution that will unlock creativity accelerate innovation  and empower customers to lead the future of marketingREDMOND  Wash.  and PARIS — April 8  2026 — Ten years after co-creating Marcel  an innovative AI platform  Microsoft and Publicis Groupe announce the expansion of their strategic partnership to build a full-stack marketing solution that unifies legacy systems  AI agents and identity-based data to accelerate marketing outcomes in the era of agentic AI.At a time when companies are moving faster than ever to adapt as customer behavior shifts and increasingly need to connect their investments directly to revenue and outcomes  AI fundamentally changes the equation. Through the partnership  Microsoft and Publicis will leverage each other’s expertise to embed agentic AI across the entire flow of work so marketers can focus on what they do best: strategy  creativity and the pursuit of original ideas.“Ten years ago with Microsoft we co-created Marcel  marketing’s first AI platform ” said Arthur Sadoun  CEO  Publicis Groupe. “Now we’re partnering again to shape the industry  this time as our clients confront the dynamics of the agentic era. Together  we are combining Microsoft’s unmatched technology and AI capabilities with Publicis Sapient’s transformation expertise on top of Epsilon’s industry-leading identity data to deliver agentic solutions that are truly game-changing for clients. Both our companies believe that the future of AI requires agents in service of people and humanity  and with this partnership we are creating a unique opportunity for our clients to lead against this ambition.”In a market crowded with fragmented AI point solutions  most companies need but rarely achieve connected transformation. To address the needs of marketers today  the companies will deliver:Modern cloud foundations for AI: Publicis Sapient’s Slingshot framework will leverage Microsoft’s cloud  enabling organizations to migrate legacy systems to Microsoft Azure to create modern  cloud-native foundations for AI adoption.Publicis Sapient’s Slingshot framework will leverage Microsoft’s cloud  enabling organizations to migrate legacy systems to Microsoft Azure to create modern  cloud-native foundations for AI adoption. AI agent deployment: Sapient AI solutions will integrate Microsoft Copilot Studio  Microsoft Agent 365 and Microsoft IQ  enabling customers to embed AI directly into core business processes. Sapient’s Bodhi platform will then allow organizations to deploy and scale secure  enterprise-grade AI agents across operations  commerce  marketing and customer engagement  connecting data  workflows and decision-making to drive tangible business impact.Sapient AI solutions will integrate Microsoft Copilot Studio  Microsoft Agent 365 and Microsoft IQ  enabling customers to embed AI directly into core business processes. Sapient’s Bodhi platform will then allow organizations to deploy and scale secure  enterprise-grade AI agents across operations  commerce  marketing and customer engagement  connecting data  workflows and decision-making to drive tangible business impact. Identity-based data model: Unlike AI built on public data or siloed models  this partnership is anchored in Epsilon  Publicis’ IP intelligence layer. Epsilon connects customers and prospects to drive measurable outcomes by fusing identity  media  marketing and customer intelligence. AI agents built on Microsoft Fabric and powered by Epsilon will be able to reason  decide and act on trusted  real-world and proprietary data  to deliver impact that extends beyond model performance to sustained business value. For example  an AI agent can autonomously identify high-value customer segments  generate and personalize content  deploy campaigns across channels  and continuously optimize spend in real time — within guardrails set by marketing leaders.“This partnership reflects our belief that AI must do more to serve humanity by empowering creativity and innovation ” said Judson Althoff  CEO of Microsoft’s commercial business. “By bringing Microsoft’s cloud and AI capabilities together with Publicis Groupe Solutions built on Azure  we are giving creatives and makers the freedom to spend less time on repetitive execution and more time shaping ideas  building brands and driving meaningful growth for our customers.”As part of this partnership  Publicis is putting Microsoft 365 Copilot in the hands of all 114 000+ employees worldwide. They have also selected Microsoft Azure as a preferred cloud provider. By working with Microsoft  which offers the most scalable and secure cloud and AI platform in the industry  Publicis is strengthening its ability to deliver personalization at scale and expanding Marcel’s role from pioneering AI in marketing to powering the next generation of enterprisewide AI.Additionally  Publicis will become Microsoft’s global media agency of record. Through focused co-innovation  built with Microsoft Azure  the companies will better link audiences  signals and performance data to maximize business outcomes.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 114 000 professionals.About MicrosoftMicrosoft (Nasdaq “MSFT” @microsoft) creates platforms and tools powered by AI to deliver innovative solutions that meet the evolving needs of our customers. The technology company is committed to making AI available broadly and doing so responsibly  with a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.For more information  press only:Microsoft Media Relations  We. Communications for Microsoft  (425) 638-7777  rapidresponse@wecommunications.comAmy Hadfield  Director of Global Communications  Publicis Groupe  +33 (0)1 44 43 70 75  amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.comMichelle McGowan  Corporate Communications  Publicis Groupe  +1 312 315 5259  michelle.mcgowan@publicisgroupe.comEleanor Conroy  Corporate Communications  Publicis Groupe  +447736746466  eleanor.conroy@publicisgroupe.comNote to editors: For more information  news and perspectives from Microsoft  please visit Microsoft Source at https://news.microsoft.com/source. Web links  telephone numbers and titles were correct at time of publication but may have changed. For additional assistance  journalists and analysts may contact Microsoft’s Rapid Response Team or other appropriate contacts listed at https://news.microsoft.com/microsoft-public-relations-contacts.© 2026 GlobeNewswire  Inc. All Rights Reserved.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['Publicis Groupe', 'strategic partnership', 'agentic marketing', 'Microsoft', 'future', 'businesses', 'fragmented AI point solutions', 'Publicis’ IP intelligence layer', 'secure, enterprise-grade AI agents', 'modern, cloud-native foundations', 'core business processes', 'customer behavior shifts', 'high-value customer segments', 'tangible business impact', 'global media agency', 'Modern cloud foundations', 'preferred cloud provider', 'AI-powered marketing solution', 'full-stack marketing solution', 'innovative AI platform', 'first AI platform', 'AI agent deployment', 'Microsoft Copilot Studio', 'Publicis Groupe Solutions', 'Sapient AI solutions', 'industry-leading identity data', 'Identity-based data model', 'customer intelligence', 'secure cloud', 'agentic solutions', 'business value', 'commercial business', 'model performance', 'Bodhi platform', 'customer engagement', 'Microsoft 365 Copilot', 'agentic AI', 'AI capabilities', 'AI adoption', 'enterprisewide AI', 'legacy systems', 'entire flow', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'unmatched technology', 'unique opportunity', 'connected transformation', 'Slingshot framework', 'public data', 'siloed models', 'trusted, real-world', 'proprietary data', 'Judson Althoff', 'repetitive execution', 'meaningful growth', '114,000+ employees', 'next generation', 'Publicis Sapient', 'Microsoft Agent', 'measurable outcomes', 'agentic marketing', 'marketing leaders', 'Microsoft IQ', 'Microsoft Fabric', 'original ideas', 'agentic era', 'transformation expertise', 'real time', 'less time', 'Microsoft Azure', 'marketing outcomes', 'strategic partnership', 'most companies', 'future', 'businesses', 'creativity', 'innovation', 'customers', 'REDMOND', 'Wash.', 'PARIS', 'April', 'Marcel', 'expansion', 'investments', 'revenue', 'equation', 'marketers', 'strategy', 'pursuit', 'CEO', 'clients', 'dynamics', 'top', 'Epsilon', 'service', 'people', 'humanity', 'ambition', 'needs', 'organizations', 'scale', 'operations', 'commerce', 'workflows', 'decision-making', 'prospects', 'example', 'content', 'campaigns', 'channels', 'spend', 'guardrails', 'belief', 'creatives', 'makers', 'freedom', 'brands', 'hands', 'scalable', 'ability', 'personalization', 'role', 'record']",2026-04-08,2026-04-09,crweworld.com
