UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49760,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globalresearch.ca/when-the-derivative-bubble-pops-the-great-taking/5882967,"When the Derivative Bubble Pops: ""The Great Taking"". David R. Webb - Global Research",The Great Taking  a book by David Rogers WebbThe book is about the taking of collateral (all of it)  the end game of the current globally synchronous debt accumulation super cycle. This scheme is being executed by long planned  …The post When the Derivative…,The Great Taking  a book by David Rogers WebbThe book is about the taking of collateral (all of it)  the end game of the current globally synchronous debt accumulation super cycle. This scheme is being executed by long planned  intelligent design  the audacity and scope of which is difficult for the mind to encompass.Included are all financial assets and bank deposits  all stocks and bonds; and hence all underlying property of all public corporations  including all inventories  plant equipment; land  mineral deposits  inventions and intellectual property.Privately owned personal and real property financed with any amount of debt will likewise be taken  as will the assets of privately owned businesses which have been financed with debt. If even partially successful  this will be the greatest conquest and subjugation in world history.Excerpts from the BookIn chapter 3  the author notes that ‘The greatest subjugation in world history will have been made possible by the invention of a construct; a subterfuge; a lie: the “Security Entitlement.’ Since their beginning more than four centuries ago  tradable financial instruments were recognized under law everywhere as personal property… It may come as a shock to you that this is no longer the case.’‘You are led to believe that you own something  but someone else secretly controls it as collateral. And they have now established legal certainty that they have absolute power to take it immediately in the event of insolvency  and not your insolvency  but insolvency of the people who secretly gave them your property as collateral. It does not seem possible. But this is exactly what has been done with all tradable financial instruments  globally! The proof of this is absolutely irrefutable. This is wired to go now.’‘Essentially all securities “owned” by the public in custodial accounts  pension plans and investment funds are now encumbered as collateral underpinning the derivatives complex  which is so large – an order of magnitude greater than the entire global economy – that there is not enough of anything in the world to back it. The illusion of collateral backing is facilitated by a daisy chain of hypothecation and rehypothecation in which the same underlying client collateral is reused many times over by a series of secured creditors. And so it is these creditors  who understand the system  who have demanded even more access to client assets as collateral.’‘It is now assured that in the implosion of “The Everything Bubble”  collateral will be swept up on a vast scale. The plumbing to do this is in place. Legal certainty has been established that the collateral can be taken immediately and without judicial review  by entities described in court documents as “the protected class.” Even sophisticated professional investors  who are sure that their securities are “segregated”  will not be protected.’‘An enormous amount of sophisticated planning and implementation was sustained over decades with the purpose of subverting property rights in just this way. It began in the United States by amending the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) in all 50 states. While this required many years of effort  it could be done quietly  without an act of Congress.These are the key facts:Ownership of securities as property has been replaced with a new legal concept of a ‘security entitlement’  which is a contractual claim assuring a very weak position if the account provider becomes insolvent.All securities are held in unsegregated pooled form. Securities used as collateral  and those restricted from such use  are held in the same pool.All account holders  including those who have prohibited use of their securities as collateral  must  by law  receive only a pro-rata share of residual assets.“Re-vindication”  i.e. the taking back of one’s own securities in the event of insolvency  is absolutely prohibited.Account providers may legally borrow pooled securities to collateralize proprietary trading and financing.“Safe harbor assures secured creditors priority claim to pooled securities ahead of account holders.”The absolute priority claim of secured creditors to pooled client securities has been upheld by the courts.‘… the objective is to utilize all securities as collateral.’‘The documentation is absolutely irrefutable.’‘In March of 2006  the Deputy General Counsel for the Federal Reserve Bank of New York provided a detailed response to questionnaire prepared by the Legal Certainty Group  which was looking to the Fed to tell them exactly how to do it.’The following are excerpts from that response which is also included in full in this book’s appendix:Q (E.U.): in respect of what legal system are the following answers given?A (NY Fed): This response confines itself to U.S. commercial law  primarily article 8… and parts of article 9  of the Uniform Commercial Code (“UCC”)… The subject matter of Article 8 is “Investment Securities and the subject of Article 9 is “Secured Transactions.” Article 8 and Article 9 have been adopted throughout the United States.The Q&A goes on to establish that the investor does not have rights attaching to particular securities in the pool  that an investor is always vulnerable to a securities intermediary’s solvency: “if the securities intermediary is a clearing corporation  the claims of its creditors have priority over the claims of entitlement holders.”‘Further exposure of the purpose of the invention of the security entitlement can be found in a discussion paper concerning “legislation on legal certainty of securities holding and dispositions”  prepared by the European Commission’s Directorate General Internal Market and Services in 2012: “Where securities are concerned  the standard has always been that a custodian has to hold sufficient securities in order to meet all its clients’ claims. In most EU jurisdictions  such a standard is guaranteed by giving investors ownership rights towards securities. Some markets  however  treat securities like money. The US and Canada based their law on the concept that investors do not own securities but they own ‘securities entitlements’ against their account providers instead. The advantage of this concept is the potential increase in the amount of assets available as collateral  but critics view it as a threat to stability of the system  because the assets concerned are based on the same underlying resource. Concern has been voiced by market participants  regulators  central banks  and international institutions about potential collateral shortages… There is pressure to broaden the range of securities eligible as collateral. As a result of the demand for collateral  securities are increasingly regarded by market participants as a funding tool. These trends reinforce the market trends to treat securities like money… with significant implications for ownership. The risk of unauthorized use of clients’ assets is increased by the employment of omnibus account structures. Omnibus accounts pool assets so that individual securities cannot be identified against specific investors. This works well until bankruptcy occurs. If the account provider defaults  a client with a mere contractual claim becomes an unsecured creditor  meaning the client’s assets are  as a rule  tied in the insolvency estate  and it is obliged to line up with all the other unsecured creditors to receive its assets back…’‘Re-use of security interest collateral carries greater risk to the financial system because multiple counterparties may compete for the same collateral in default (so-called “priority contests.”)’In chapter 4  “Harmonization”  Webb goes on to describe how the EU lost its proprietary rights to securities and became like the United States and Canada in that regard. (Through vehicles such as “The Hague Convention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary ” drafted in 2002 and signed in 2006. It is an international multilateral treaty intended to remove  globally  legal uncertainties for cross-border securities transactions. Euroclear  one of two European International Central Security Depositories (ICSD)- the other is Clearstream- made the following statement in a 2004 memorandum “with preparatory information regarding European Legal Harmonization”: “Recommended… Eliminate impediments to free use of collateral cross-border”…via keeping registered securities on a fungible basis at a local level  protection of the rights of the nominee  “elimination or modification of requirements that directly or effectively require the maintenance of individual records or accounts per beneficial owner…”In 2014  the Central Securities Depository Regulation (CSDR) was implemented by the EU directive No. 909/2014. ‘A Central Security Depository (CSD) operates a book entry system for electronic settlement of trades and maintains record of “ownership.” An International Central Security Depository (ICSD) is linked to national CSDs  and it handles securities lending and collateral management. As noted by the European Securities and Markets Authority “CSDR plays a pivotal role for post-trade harmonization efforts in Europe  as it enhances the legal and operational conditions for cross-border settlement in the EU.”Webb describes how in Sweden and Finland  where legal systems and national registries of securities holder ownership assured owners that their securities could not be used as collateral without express agreement  laws were changed to ‘give the local CSD legal authority and broad latitude to pass legal control of customer assets as collateral to the ICSD without the knowledge or approval of the account holder… The implementation of this is now so thorough that a Swedish citizen cannot hold Swedish government bonds in Sweden as property without exposure to insolvency of the account provider  the local CSD or of the ICSD. The securities of Swedish citizens are certainly pooled with securities being used as collateral elsewhere.’In chapter 5  ‘Collateral Management’  Webb describes how ‘inevitably following “the everything bubble” will be “the everything crash”. Once prices have essentially crashed and all financial firms rapidly become insolvent  these collateral management systems will automatically sweep all collateral to the Central Clearing Counterparties (CCPs) and Central Banks. The trap  into which all nations have been herded  is ready and waiting to be sprung. There will be an epic endpoint to the decades of seemingly out of control financialization  which served no beneficial purpose for humanity  but the devastating effects of which are apparent even now it has been a deliberate strategy executed over decades. This was the purpose of inflating the global bubble entirely out of proportion with any real world thing or activity  which must end in disaster for so many  with no pockets of resilience allowed to remain in any country.’In chapter 7  Central Clearing Parties  Webb describes how insolvent these clearing houses are.‘Central Clearing Parties take on counterparty risk between parties to a transaction and provide clearing and settlement for trades and foreign exchange  securities  options and most importantly derivative contracts. If a participant fails  the CCP assumes the obligations of the failed clearing participant. The CCP combines the exposures to all clearing members on its balance sheet. Is there a risk that CCPs might fail? Euroclear is an International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) which was designed to channel customer collateral to CCPs. In 2020  Euroclear published an article discussing the possibility of failures of CCPs  Regulating the Risks of CCPs  in which we find the following remarkable statements of panelists at Euroclear’s Collateral Conference:“Regulators around the world have demanded more capital  more collateral and more clearing. And to a large degree they now have what they wanted… And yet despite the huge efforts undertaken by market participants there are still two major concerns. The first is that financial regulations from different jurisdictions are not fully aligned with one another. And secondly that the risks in the financial system have been concentrated into Central Clearing Counterparties (CCPs). These two issues come together in the upcoming regulatory push to devise resolution and recovery regimes for CCPs around the world… the EUs push to create a recovery resolution regime for CCPs.. has also created tensions between the clearing houses themselves and their clearing bank and asset manager members  as to who should pay what in the event of a collapse of these critical market infrastructures. But  for the EU institutions  the red line is that if a CCP fails  then the taxpayer will not be expected to pay.” ‘The last paragraph is a subterfuge assuring that in the “resolution” the secured creditors will immediately take the underlying assets; that is the plan  i.e.  nationalization must not be allowed. (A “bail in”  not a “bail out.”)The report goes on:’ “blah blah blah… does not detract from the fact that risk is now heavily focused within these institutions…. Indeed  just because CCPs have not failed in the past  there is nothing to say that there will not be a CCP crisis in the future. Panelists were concerned that with the small capital base CCPs currently have  any recovery and resolution of a failing CCP will involve direct clearing members standing up to support them through a number of difficult actions for the firms involved…”“If a large CCP is in trouble because of its members default  then we will be having a banking crisis” says Benoit Gourisse  Senior Director  European Public Policy at ISDA.”Webb it goes on to describe recommendations by the Financial Stability Board and the Committee on Payments and Market Infrastructure at the BIS ‘to conduct further work on CCP financial resources and recovery and resolution… To further strengthen the resilience and resolvability of CCPs in default and non-default loss scenarios.’ In it’s Central Counterparty Financial Resources for Recovering Resolution report  2022  the BIS expressed concern about system-wide and contagion effects and interconnectedness of the system  but ‘absolutely avoided contemplation of exactly what happens in a global financial crisis!’The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation operates two CCPs  both of which have been designated in the US as “Systemically Important Financial Market Utilities” (SIFMUs); however  the clearing corporations’ and the depository’s recovery and wind-down plans are a bit hazy as they are absurdly underfunded. They have  however  made provisions to create brand new entities after the bubble pops. Webb goes on to describe how the CCPs are designed to fail because they are deliberately under capitalized. ‘The startup of a new CCP is planned and pre-funded. This construct assures that the secured creditors will take all collateral upon which they will have perfect legal control.’ As of March 31  2023  the entire capitalization underpinning the Central Security Depository in the CCPs for the entire U.S. Securities market and derivative complex was a tad over $3.5 billion.Click here to download a PDF version of the book  an HTML version is also available here.*Click the share button below to email/forward this article. Follow us on Instagram and X and subscribe to our Telegram Channel. Feel free to repost Global Research articles with proper attribution.Global Research is a reader-funded media. We do not accept any funding from corporations or governments. Help us stay afloat. Click the image below to make a one-time or recurring donation.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.25,0.48,True,English,"['Derivative Bubble Pops', 'David R. Webb', 'Global Research', 'Taking', 'current globally synchronous debt accumulation super cycle', 'U.S. commercial law', 'same underlying client collateral', 'Uniform Commercial Code', 'David Rogers Webb', 'entire global economy', 'unsegregated pooled form', 'Deputy General Counsel', 'tradable financial instruments', 'sophisticated professional investors', 'Federal Reserve Bank', 'The Everything Bubble', 'new legal concept', 'Legal Certainty Group', 'The Great Taking', 'absolute priority claim', 'same pool', 'E.U.', 'underlying property', 'bank deposits', 'absolute power', 'sophisticated planning', 'contractual claim', 'New York', 'financial assets', 'client assets', 'end game', 'intelligent design', 'plant equipment', 'mineral deposits', 'greatest conquest', 'Security Entitlement', 'custodial accounts', 'pension plans', 'investment funds', 'daisy chain', 'vast scale', 'judicial review', 'court documents', 'protected class', 'many years', 'key facts', 'weak position', 'account provider', 'account holders', 'pro-rata share', 'proprietary trading', 'Safe harbor', 'following answers', 'Secured Transactions', 'Q&A', 'legal system', 'client securities', 'residual assets', 'intellectual property', 'real property', 'property rights', 'world history', 'United States', 'public corporations', 'greatest subjugation', 'secured creditors', 'enormous amount', 'subject matter', 'collateral backing', 'detailed response', 'personal property', 'Investment Securities', '50 states', 'book', 'scheme', 'audacity', 'scope', 'mind', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'inventories', 'land', 'inventions', 'privately', 'businesses', 'Excerpts', 'chapter', 'author', 'construct', 'subterfuge', 'beginning', 'shock', 'case', 'something', 'someone', 'event', 'insolvency', 'people', 'proof', 'derivatives', 'order', 'magnitude', 'illusion', 'hypothecation', 'series', 'access', 'implosion', 'plumbing', 'place', 'entities', 'implementation', 'decades', 'purpose', 'way', 'UCC', 'effort', 'Congress', 'Ownership', 'use', 'Re-vindication', 'financing', 'courts', 'objective', 'documentation', 'March', 'questionnaire', 'appendix', 'respect', 'article', 'parts']",2025-03-29,2025-03-30,globalresearch.ca
49761,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://ambcrypto.com/ethereums-price-struggles-will-president-trumps-vote-of-confidence-be-key/,Ethereum’s price struggles – Will President Trump’s vote of confidence be key?,While Ethereum flays about with struggles piling up  the President is confident.,Ethereum’s Q1 struggles have sparked a debate about its long-term valueDespite recent losses  Trump’s backing may signal confidence in Ethereum’s potential for future recoveryAs Ethereum [ETH] faces its most challenging quarter in years  with a delayed upgrade and a sluggish market performance  one detail stands out – 91% of President Trump’s crypto holdings are anchored on the Ethereum blockchain.As the network grapples with its current hurdles  this significant investment has ignited speculation about Ethereum’s long-term prospects. Could Trump’s backing be a signal of untapped potential  or is Ethereum’s struggle just the beginning of a deeper downturn?Ethereum – A rocky start to 2025ETH has been recording one of its worst Q1 performances in recent years. In fact  at press time  March’s returns stood at -10.95%  following a steeper decline of -31.95% in February – Significantly below the average March returns of +19.48%.Technical indicators highlighted this bearish trend  with ETH trading at around $1 887 at press time. The MACD revealed growing bearish momentum  while the RSI was near 37 – Indicating oversold conditions. A series of red candles on the daily chart underlined sustained selling pressure throughout March.Adding to the uncertainty  the ecosystem remains in limbo as traders anticipate upcoming upgrades. Sentiment remains cautious  with ETH’s price action continuing to reflect the broader market’s skepticism too.Trump’s crypto holdings – What we knowPresident Donald Trump’s financial footprint in the crypto world is larger than many might expect. Through his family’s significant control over World Liberty Financial (WLFi)  it’s clear that Ethereum plays a central role.Recent data revealed that 91% of WLFi’s crypto portfolio – worth approximately $75.77 million – is anchored in Ethereum right now.This substantial commitment to ETH raises questions about Trump’s influence on the network’s future  especially amid Ethereum’s ongoing struggles. While market sentiment remains shaky  Trump’s indirect endorsement could reflect confidence in Ethereum’s long-term value proposition.Given the scale of his holdings  any shifts in Trump’s crypto position could ripple through the market  influencing both ETH’s valuation and broader public perception.The case for undervaluationSome market observers argue that ETH might currently be undervalued  seeing the Trump family’s significant stake as a vote of confidence in the asset’s resilience. This perspective pertains to historical data – Like Ethereum’s downturn in 2020 – where bearish cycles eventually gave way to recovery. This could be a sign that current struggles may mirror past patterns.However  not everyone is convinced.Skeptics believe that ETH’s sustained decline could lead to new lows  risking prolonged bearish momentum. Bitcoin’s persistently negative 1-year percentage change might also impact ETH  dragging it further down. Additionally  concerns over reduced liquidity and waning investor confidence present potential risks that could challenge the asset’s stability.Balancing these perspectives  Ethereum’s trajectory may depend on broader market dynamics and whether financial endorsements like Trump’s truly signal strength or a fleeting vote of confidence.What’s next for Ethereum?ETH’s future recovery may be driven by several factors. One potential catalyst is the implementation of sharding  which aims to enhance scalability and reduce fees. Institutional interest is also growing  with Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream planning to offer custody and settlement services for ether  boosting participation.Finally  the potential approval of Ether-based ETFs could attract significant capital inflows  especially as the Trump administration maintains a pro-crypto position. In the DeFi space  Ethereum remains foundational despite market challenges  with its role in decentralized applications intact.However  regulatory clarity around staking and Ethereum-based tokens will be vital  and the administration’s supportive approach could strengthen investor confidence and foster further adoption.,neutral,0.02,0.59,0.39,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['price struggles', 'President Trump', 'Ethereum', 'vote', 'confidence', 'negative 1-year percentage change', 'broader public perception', 'worst Q1 performances', 'significant capital inflows', 'sluggish market performance', 'World Liberty Financial', 'long-term value proposition', 'broader market dynamics', 'growing bearish momentum', 'One potential catalyst', 'President Donald Trump', 'average March returns', 'Q1 struggles', 'one detail', 'crypto world', 'long-term prospects', 'financial footprint', 'financial endorsements', 'significant investment', 'bearish trend', 'significant control', 'significant stake', 'bearish cycles', 'market observers', 'market challenges', 'recent losses', 'challenging quarter', 'current hurdles', 'untapped potential', 'rocky start', 'press time', 'steeper decline', 'Technical indicators', 'The MACD', 'oversold conditions', 'red candles', 'daily chart', 'selling pressure', 'upcoming upgrades', 'price action', 'Recent data', 'crypto portfolio', 'substantial commitment', 'ongoing struggles', 'indirect endorsement', 'crypto position', 'historical data', 'current struggles', 'past patterns', 'new lows', 'reduced liquidity', 'potential risks', 'several factors', 'Institutional interest', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream planning', 'settlement services', 'potential approval', 'Ether-based ETFs', 'DeFi space', 'decentralized applications', 'regulatory clarity', 'Ethereum-based tokens', 'supportive approach', 'President Trump', 'crypto holdings', 'market sentiment', 'deeper downturn', 'recent years', 'central role', 'sustained decline', 'signal strength', 'fleeting vote', 'future recovery', 'investor confidence', 'Ethereum blockchain', 'Trump family', 'Trump administration', 'debate', 'backing', 'delayed', 'network', 'speculation', 'beginning', 'February', 'RSI', 'series', 'uncertainty', 'ecosystem', 'limbo', 'traders', 'skepticism', 'WLFi', 'questions', 'influence', 'scale', 'shifts', 'valuation', 'case', 'asset', 'resilience', 'perspective', 'way', 'everyone', 'Skeptics', 'prolonged', 'Bitcoin', 'concerns', 'waning', 'stability', 'trajectory', 'implementation', 'sharding', 'scalability', 'fees', 'custody', 'participation', 'staking', 'adoption']",2025-03-29,2025-03-30,ambcrypto.com
49762,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.globalresearch.ca/when-the-derivative-bubble-pops-the-great-taking/5882967,"When the Derivative Bubble Pops: ""The Great Taking"". David R. Webb - Global Research",The Great Taking  a book by David Rogers WebbThe book is about the taking of collateral (all of it)  the end game of the current globally synchronous debt accumulation super cycle. This scheme is being executed by long planned  …The post When the Derivative…,The Great Taking  a book by David Rogers WebbThe book is about the taking of collateral (all of it)  the end game of the current globally synchronous debt accumulation super cycle. This scheme is being executed by long planned  intelligent design  the audacity and scope of which is difficult for the mind to encompass.Included are all financial assets and bank deposits  all stocks and bonds; and hence all underlying property of all public corporations  including all inventories  plant equipment; land  mineral deposits  inventions and intellectual property.Privately owned personal and real property financed with any amount of debt will likewise be taken  as will the assets of privately owned businesses which have been financed with debt. If even partially successful  this will be the greatest conquest and subjugation in world history.Excerpts from the BookIn chapter 3  the author notes that ‘The greatest subjugation in world history will have been made possible by the invention of a construct; a subterfuge; a lie: the “Security Entitlement.’ Since their beginning more than four centuries ago  tradable financial instruments were recognized under law everywhere as personal property… It may come as a shock to you that this is no longer the case.’‘You are led to believe that you own something  but someone else secretly controls it as collateral. And they have now established legal certainty that they have absolute power to take it immediately in the event of insolvency  and not your insolvency  but insolvency of the people who secretly gave them your property as collateral. It does not seem possible. But this is exactly what has been done with all tradable financial instruments  globally! The proof of this is absolutely irrefutable. This is wired to go now.’‘Essentially all securities “owned” by the public in custodial accounts  pension plans and investment funds are now encumbered as collateral underpinning the derivatives complex  which is so large – an order of magnitude greater than the entire global economy – that there is not enough of anything in the world to back it. The illusion of collateral backing is facilitated by a daisy chain of hypothecation and rehypothecation in which the same underlying client collateral is reused many times over by a series of secured creditors. And so it is these creditors  who understand the system  who have demanded even more access to client assets as collateral.’‘It is now assured that in the implosion of “The Everything Bubble”  collateral will be swept up on a vast scale. The plumbing to do this is in place. Legal certainty has been established that the collateral can be taken immediately and without judicial review  by entities described in court documents as “the protected class.” Even sophisticated professional investors  who are sure that their securities are “segregated”  will not be protected.’‘An enormous amount of sophisticated planning and implementation was sustained over decades with the purpose of subverting property rights in just this way. It began in the United States by amending the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) in all 50 states. While this required many years of effort  it could be done quietly  without an act of Congress.These are the key facts:Ownership of securities as property has been replaced with a new legal concept of a ‘security entitlement’  which is a contractual claim assuring a very weak position if the account provider becomes insolvent.All securities are held in unsegregated pooled form. Securities used as collateral  and those restricted from such use  are held in the same pool.All account holders  including those who have prohibited use of their securities as collateral  must  by law  receive only a pro-rata share of residual assets.“Re-vindication”  i.e. the taking back of one’s own securities in the event of insolvency  is absolutely prohibited.Account providers may legally borrow pooled securities to collateralize proprietary trading and financing.“Safe harbor assures secured creditors priority claim to pooled securities ahead of account holders.”The absolute priority claim of secured creditors to pooled client securities has been upheld by the courts.‘… the objective is to utilize all securities as collateral.’‘The documentation is absolutely irrefutable.’‘In March of 2006  the Deputy General Counsel for the Federal Reserve Bank of New York provided a detailed response to questionnaire prepared by the Legal Certainty Group  which was looking to the Fed to tell them exactly how to do it.’The following are excerpts from that response which is also included in full in this book’s appendix:Q (E.U.): in respect of what legal system are the following answers given?A (NY Fed): This response confines itself to U.S. commercial law  primarily article 8… and parts of article 9  of the Uniform Commercial Code (“UCC”)… The subject matter of Article 8 is “Investment Securities and the subject of Article 9 is “Secured Transactions.” Article 8 and Article 9 have been adopted throughout the United States.The Q&A goes on to establish that the investor does not have rights attaching to particular securities in the pool  that an investor is always vulnerable to a securities intermediary’s solvency: “if the securities intermediary is a clearing corporation  the claims of its creditors have priority over the claims of entitlement holders.”‘Further exposure of the purpose of the invention of the security entitlement can be found in a discussion paper concerning “legislation on legal certainty of securities holding and dispositions”  prepared by the European Commission’s Directorate General Internal Market and Services in 2012: “Where securities are concerned  the standard has always been that a custodian has to hold sufficient securities in order to meet all its clients’ claims. In most EU jurisdictions  such a standard is guaranteed by giving investors ownership rights towards securities. Some markets  however  treat securities like money. The US and Canada based their law on the concept that investors do not own securities but they own ‘securities entitlements’ against their account providers instead. The advantage of this concept is the potential increase in the amount of assets available as collateral  but critics view it as a threat to stability of the system  because the assets concerned are based on the same underlying resource. Concern has been voiced by market participants  regulators  central banks  and international institutions about potential collateral shortages… There is pressure to broaden the range of securities eligible as collateral. As a result of the demand for collateral  securities are increasingly regarded by market participants as a funding tool. These trends reinforce the market trends to treat securities like money… with significant implications for ownership. The risk of unauthorized use of clients’ assets is increased by the employment of omnibus account structures. Omnibus accounts pool assets so that individual securities cannot be identified against specific investors. This works well until bankruptcy occurs. If the account provider defaults  a client with a mere contractual claim becomes an unsecured creditor  meaning the client’s assets are  as a rule  tied in the insolvency estate  and it is obliged to line up with all the other unsecured creditors to receive its assets back…’‘Re-use of security interest collateral carries greater risk to the financial system because multiple counterparties may compete for the same collateral in default (so-called “priority contests.”)’In chapter 4  “Harmonization”  Webb goes on to describe how the EU lost its proprietary rights to securities and became like the United States and Canada in that regard. (Through vehicles such as “The Hague Convention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary ” drafted in 2002 and signed in 2006. It is an international multilateral treaty intended to remove  globally  legal uncertainties for cross-border securities transactions. Euroclear  one of two European International Central Security Depositories (ICSD)- the other is Clearstream- made the following statement in a 2004 memorandum “with preparatory information regarding European Legal Harmonization”: “Recommended… Eliminate impediments to free use of collateral cross-border”…via keeping registered securities on a fungible basis at a local level  protection of the rights of the nominee  “elimination or modification of requirements that directly or effectively require the maintenance of individual records or accounts per beneficial owner…”In 2014  the Central Securities Depository Regulation (CSDR) was implemented by the EU directive No. 909/2014. ‘A Central Security Depository (CSD) operates a book entry system for electronic settlement of trades and maintains record of “ownership.” An International Central Security Depository (ICSD) is linked to national CSDs  and it handles securities lending and collateral management. As noted by the European Securities and Markets Authority “CSDR plays a pivotal role for post-trade harmonization efforts in Europe  as it enhances the legal and operational conditions for cross-border settlement in the EU.”Webb describes how in Sweden and Finland  where legal systems and national registries of securities holder ownership assured owners that their securities could not be used as collateral without express agreement  laws were changed to ‘give the local CSD legal authority and broad latitude to pass legal control of customer assets as collateral to the ICSD without the knowledge or approval of the account holder… The implementation of this is now so thorough that a Swedish citizen cannot hold Swedish government bonds in Sweden as property without exposure to insolvency of the account provider  the local CSD or of the ICSD. The securities of Swedish citizens are certainly pooled with securities being used as collateral elsewhere.’In chapter 5  ‘Collateral Management’  Webb describes how ‘inevitably following “the everything bubble” will be “the everything crash”. Once prices have essentially crashed and all financial firms rapidly become insolvent  these collateral management systems will automatically sweep all collateral to the Central Clearing Counterparties (CCPs) and Central Banks. The trap  into which all nations have been herded  is ready and waiting to be sprung. There will be an epic endpoint to the decades of seemingly out of control financialization  which served no beneficial purpose for humanity  but the devastating effects of which are apparent even now it has been a deliberate strategy executed over decades. This was the purpose of inflating the global bubble entirely out of proportion with any real world thing or activity  which must end in disaster for so many  with no pockets of resilience allowed to remain in any country.’In chapter 7  Central Clearing Parties  Webb describes how insolvent these clearing houses are.‘Central Clearing Parties take on counterparty risk between parties to a transaction and provide clearing and settlement for trades and foreign exchange  securities  options and most importantly derivative contracts. If a participant fails  the CCP assumes the obligations of the failed clearing participant. The CCP combines the exposures to all clearing members on its balance sheet. Is there a risk that CCPs might fail? Euroclear is an International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) which was designed to channel customer collateral to CCPs. In 2020  Euroclear published an article discussing the possibility of failures of CCPs  Regulating the Risks of CCPs  in which we find the following remarkable statements of panelists at Euroclear’s Collateral Conference:“Regulators around the world have demanded more capital  more collateral and more clearing. And to a large degree they now have what they wanted… And yet despite the huge efforts undertaken by market participants there are still two major concerns. The first is that financial regulations from different jurisdictions are not fully aligned with one another. And secondly that the risks in the financial system have been concentrated into Central Clearing Counterparties (CCPs). These two issues come together in the upcoming regulatory push to devise resolution and recovery regimes for CCPs around the world… the EUs push to create a recovery resolution regime for CCPs.. has also created tensions between the clearing houses themselves and their clearing bank and asset manager members  as to who should pay what in the event of a collapse of these critical market infrastructures. But  for the EU institutions  the red line is that if a CCP fails  then the taxpayer will not be expected to pay.” ‘The last paragraph is a subterfuge assuring that in the “resolution” the secured creditors will immediately take the underlying assets; that is the plan  i.e.  nationalization must not be allowed. (A “bail in”  not a “bail out.”)The report goes on:’ “blah blah blah… does not detract from the fact that risk is now heavily focused within these institutions…. Indeed  just because CCPs have not failed in the past  there is nothing to say that there will not be a CCP crisis in the future. Panelists were concerned that with the small capital base CCPs currently have  any recovery and resolution of a failing CCP will involve direct clearing members standing up to support them through a number of difficult actions for the firms involved…”“If a large CCP is in trouble because of its members default  then we will be having a banking crisis” says Benoit Gourisse  Senior Director  European Public Policy at ISDA.”Webb it goes on to describe recommendations by the Financial Stability Board and the Committee on Payments and Market Infrastructure at the BIS ‘to conduct further work on CCP financial resources and recovery and resolution… To further strengthen the resilience and resolvability of CCPs in default and non-default loss scenarios.’ In it’s Central Counterparty Financial Resources for Recovering Resolution report  2022  the BIS expressed concern about system-wide and contagion effects and interconnectedness of the system  but ‘absolutely avoided contemplation of exactly what happens in a global financial crisis!’The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation operates two CCPs  both of which have been designated in the US as “Systemically Important Financial Market Utilities” (SIFMUs); however  the clearing corporations’ and the depository’s recovery and wind-down plans are a bit hazy as they are absurdly underfunded. They have  however  made provisions to create brand new entities after the bubble pops. Webb goes on to describe how the CCPs are designed to fail because they are deliberately under capitalized. ‘The startup of a new CCP is planned and pre-funded. This construct assures that the secured creditors will take all collateral upon which they will have perfect legal control.’ As of March 31  2023  the entire capitalization underpinning the Central Security Depository in the CCPs for the entire U.S. Securities market and derivative complex was a tad over $3.5 billion.Click here to download a PDF version of the book  an HTML version is also available here.*Click the share button below to email/forward this article. Follow us on Instagram and X and subscribe to our Telegram Channel. Feel free to repost Global Research articles with proper attribution.Global Research is a reader-funded media. We do not accept any funding from corporations or governments. Help us stay afloat. Click the image below to make a one-time or recurring donation.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.25,0.48,True,English,"['Derivative Bubble Pops', 'David R. Webb', 'Global Research', 'Taking', 'current globally synchronous debt accumulation super cycle', 'U.S. commercial law', 'same underlying client collateral', 'Uniform Commercial Code', 'David Rogers Webb', 'entire global economy', 'unsegregated pooled form', 'Deputy General Counsel', 'tradable financial instruments', 'sophisticated professional investors', 'Federal Reserve Bank', 'The Everything Bubble', 'new legal concept', 'Legal Certainty Group', 'The Great Taking', 'absolute priority claim', 'same pool', 'E.U.', 'underlying property', 'bank deposits', 'absolute power', 'sophisticated planning', 'contractual claim', 'New York', 'financial assets', 'client assets', 'end game', 'intelligent design', 'plant equipment', 'mineral deposits', 'greatest conquest', 'Security Entitlement', 'custodial accounts', 'pension plans', 'investment funds', 'daisy chain', 'vast scale', 'judicial review', 'court documents', 'protected class', 'many years', 'key facts', 'weak position', 'account provider', 'account holders', 'pro-rata share', 'proprietary trading', 'Safe harbor', 'following answers', 'Secured Transactions', 'Q&A', 'legal system', 'client securities', 'residual assets', 'intellectual property', 'real property', 'property rights', 'world history', 'United States', 'public corporations', 'greatest subjugation', 'secured creditors', 'enormous amount', 'subject matter', 'collateral backing', 'detailed response', 'personal property', 'Investment Securities', '50 states', 'book', 'scheme', 'audacity', 'scope', 'mind', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'inventories', 'land', 'inventions', 'privately', 'businesses', 'Excerpts', 'chapter', 'author', 'construct', 'subterfuge', 'beginning', 'shock', 'case', 'something', 'someone', 'event', 'insolvency', 'people', 'proof', 'derivatives', 'order', 'magnitude', 'illusion', 'hypothecation', 'series', 'access', 'implosion', 'plumbing', 'place', 'entities', 'implementation', 'decades', 'purpose', 'way', 'UCC', 'effort', 'Congress', 'Ownership', 'use', 'Re-vindication', 'financing', 'courts', 'objective', 'documentation', 'March', 'questionnaire', 'appendix', 'respect', 'article', 'parts']",2025-03-29,2025-03-30,globalresearch.ca
49763,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/03/29/great-western-mining-longwmo-stock-crosses-below-two-hundred-day-moving-average-whats-next/,Great Western Mining (LON:GWMO) Stock Crosses Below Two Hundred Day Moving Average – What’s Next?,Great Western Mining Co. PLC (LON:GWMO – Get Free Report) shares crossed below its 200-day moving average during trading on Friday . The stock has a 200-day moving average of GBX 0.02 ($0.00) and traded as low as GBX 0.01 ($0.00). Great Western Mining shares …,Great Western Mining Co. PLC (LON:GWMO – Get Free Report) shares crossed below its 200-day moving average during trading on Friday . The stock has a 200-day moving average of GBX 0.02 ($0.00) and traded as low as GBX 0.01 ($0.00). Great Western Mining shares last traded at GBX 0.01 ($0.00)  with a volume of 74 627 797 shares traded.Great Western Mining Price PerformanceThe firm has a 50-day simple moving average of GBX 0.01 and a 200 day simple moving average of GBX 0.02. The stock has a market capitalization of £835 000.00  a P/E ratio of -2.35 and a beta of 0.19.Great Western Mining Company Profile(Get Free Report)Great Western Mining (AIM:GWMO/Euronext Growth 8-GW) is focused on exploitation of its gold and silver prospects in the U.S. state of Nevada  where an active exploration and development programme is under way. Its gold exploration target currently ranges from 0.50 million to 1.50 million ounces from multiple prospects and a project is being developed to produce commercial quantities of gold from numerous spoil heaps.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Great Western Mining Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Mining and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['Two Hundred Day Moving Average', 'Great Western Mining', 'GWMO) Stock', 'Great Western Mining Co. PLC', 'Great Western Mining Price Performance', 'Great Western Mining Company Profile', 'Great Western Mining Daily', '50-day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'Great Western Mining shares', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '200-day moving average', 'concise daily summary', 'U.S. state', 'numerous spoil heaps', 'Get Free Report', 'gold exploration target', 'email address', 'active exploration', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'GWMO/Euronext Growth', 'silver prospects', 'development programme', 'multiple prospects', 'commercial quantities', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', '1.50 million ounces', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", '74,627,797 shares', '0.50 million', 'trading', 'Friday', 'stock', 'GBX', 'volume', 'firm', 'beta', 'AIM', 'exploitation', 'Nevada', 'way', 'project']",2025-03-29,2025-03-30,etfdailynews.com
49764,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/03/29/brokerages-set-public-storage-nysepsa-target-price-at-338-00/,Brokerages Set Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Target Price at $338.00,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) has earned an average rating of “Moderate Buy” from the twelve brokerages that are currently covering the stock  Marketbeat reports. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation  four have…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) has earned an average rating of “Moderate Buy” from the twelve brokerages that are currently covering the stock  Marketbeat reports. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation  four have given a buy recommendation and one has assigned a strong buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price target among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $338.73.Several equities analysts recently issued reports on PSA shares. Wells Fargo & Company cut their price target on shares of Public Storage from $365.00 to $330.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Friday  February 21st. Truist Financial cut their target price on shares of Public Storage from $316.00 to $310.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday  March 18th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft upgraded Public Storage from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $298.00 to $299.00 in a research report on Friday  January 10th. Scotiabank cut their price objective on Public Storage from $338.00 to $333.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday  March 5th. Finally  Barclays reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $354.00 price objective (down previously from $361.00) on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  March 12th.Get Public Storage alerts:Read Our Latest Report on Public StorageInstitutional Investors Weigh In On Public StoragePublic Storage Stock PerformanceInstitutional investors and hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the business. Lansforsakringar Fondforvaltning AB publ bought a new position in Public Storage in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $37 022 000. Phocas Financial Corp. bought a new position in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter worth $213 000. Universal Beteiligungs und Servicegesellschaft mbH acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the fourth quarter worth $99 157 000. Azzad Asset Management Inc. ADV grew its stake in shares of Public Storage by 1.5% during the fourth quarter. Azzad Asset Management Inc. ADV now owns 4 696 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 406 000 after purchasing an additional 70 shares during the period. Finally  Integrated Advisors Network LLC increased its holdings in Public Storage by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Integrated Advisors Network LLC now owns 3 067 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $918 000 after purchasing an additional 41 shares during the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.Public Storage stock opened at $294.25 on Wednesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $51.62 billion  a P/E ratio of 30.56  a P/E/G ratio of 4.91 and a beta of 0.73. The stock has a fifty day moving average price of $299.91 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $320.30. Public Storage has a 52-week low of $256.31 and a 52-week high of $369.99. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77  a current ratio of 0.97 and a quick ratio of 0.97.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Friday  March 28th. Stockholders of record on Thursday  March 13th were paid a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.08%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday  March 13th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 112.89%.Public Storage Company Profile(Get Free ReportPublic Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'NYSE:PSA', 'Target Price', 'Brokerages', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'fifty day moving average price', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'Lansforsakringar Fondforvaltning AB publ', 'Azzad Asset Management Inc.', 'real estate investment trust', 'Integrated Advisors Network LLC', 'seven Western European nations', 'average 1-year price target', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'concise daily summary', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Phocas Financial Corp.', '35% common equity interest', 'Several equities analysts', 'Public Storage Daily', 'sector perform” rating', 'Seven research analysts', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage alerts', 'strong buy recommendation', 'dividend payout ratio', 'average rating', 'target price', 'price objective', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'equity ratio', 'Truist Financial', 'Moderate Buy', 'hold recommendation', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'dividend yield', 'research note', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'overweight” rating', 'hold” rating', 'sell” rating', 'research report', 'last year', 'Wells Fargo', 'January 10th', 'Institutional Investors', 'hedge funds', 'new position', 'fourth quarter', '4th quarter', 'Universal Beteiligungs', 'Servicegesellschaft mbH', 'last quarter', 'market capitalization', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'ex-dividend date', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Latest Report', 'twelve brokerages', 'Marketbeat reports', 'new stake', 'United States', 'latest news', 'additional 70 shares', 'additional 41 shares', 'PSA shares', '$3.00 dividend', '40 states', '4,696 shares', '3,067 shares', 'NYSE', 'Friday', 'February', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Scotiabank', 'Wednesday', 'Barclays', 'holdings', 'business', 'period', 'firm', 'beta', 'debt', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'Thursday', 'DPR', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', 'Reading', 'Ratings', '4.0']",2025-03-29,2025-03-30,etfdailynews.com
