UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
48785,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/15e4d478dda6365d,Euronext collaborates with Euroclear to bolster collateral management offering,Euronext and Euroclear have collaborated to support the development of Euronext Clearing’s collateral management services for repo and other asset classes. Anthony AttiaThe development comes as part of Euronext’s plan to expand its Italian repo clearing fra…,Euronext and Euroclear have collaborated to support the development of Euronext Clearing’s collateral management services for repo and other asset classes.Anthony AttiaThe development comes as part of Euronext’s plan to expand its Italian repo clearing franchise to a wider range of…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2025-02-11 10:31:35.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['collateral management offering', 'Euronext', 'Euroclear', 'Italian repo clearing franchise', 'collateral management services', 'other asset classes', 'Euronext Clearing', 'Anthony Attia', 'wider range', 'Euroclear', 'development', 'part', 'plan', 'story', 'thetradenews.']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,biztoc.com
48786,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-stora-enso-oyj-302373189.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Stora Enso Oyj,STORA ENSO OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 11 February 2025 at 8:30 a.m. EET The Board of Directors of Stora Enso Oyj has decided to convene the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 20 March 2025. HELSINKI  Feb. 11  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to…,"STORA ENSO OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 11 February 2025 at 8:30 a.m. EETThe Board of Directors of Stora Enso Oyj has decided to convene the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 20 March 2025.HELSINKI  Feb. 11  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Stora Enso Oyj (""Stora Enso"" or the ""Company"") to the Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") to be held on Thursday 20 March 2025 at 4:00 p.m. Finnish time at Marina Congress Center  Katajanokanlaituri 6  FI-00160  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 2:00 p.m. Finnish time at the meeting venue.Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C. Instructions for the participants in the AGM.The AGM will be conducted in the Finnish language. Simultaneous translation will be available in the meeting room into the English and  when relevant  Finnish languages.Before the AGM  at 2:30-3:30 p.m. Finnish time  Stora Enso's President and CEO Hans Sohlström and CFO Niclas Rosenlew will be available in Marina Congress Center to discuss with the shareholders. The event is not part of the AGM and will be held in Finnish with simultaneous translation into English. In connection with the event  shareholders can present questions to the Company's management  but the event will not be a forum for decision-making. Questions presented at the event are thus not questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.A. Matters on the agenda of the AGMAt the AGM  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to confirm the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report for the year 2024- President and CEO's reportStora Enso's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors (including the Sustainability Statement)  the auditor's report and assurance report on the sustainability statement will be available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm as of 13 February 2025.7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe parent company's distributable capital as at 31 December 2024 was EUR 1 439 829 704.03  of which the profit for the financial year was EUR 57 335 679.15.The Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that a dividend of EUR 0.25 per share (which would correspond to EUR 197 154 996.75 in aggregate for all currently registered 788 619 987 shares) be distributed on the basis of the balance sheet to be adopted for the year 2024. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.13 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the first dividend instalment on 24 March 2025 are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy or in the separate register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB for Euroclear Sweden registered shares. The Board of Directors proposes that the first dividend instalment would be paid on or about 2 April 2025.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.12 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the second dividend instalment on 25 September 2025 are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy or in the separate register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB for Euroclear Sweden registered shares. The Board of Directors proposes that the second dividend instalment would be paid on or about 2 October 2025.If the payment of the dividend is prevented due to applicable law  regulation or unexpected circumstances  the Board of Directors will resolve  as soon as practically possible  on a new record date and payment date.Dividends payable for Euroclear Sweden registered shares will be forwarded by Euroclear Sweden AB and paid in Swedish crowns. Dividends payable to ADR holders will be forwarded by Citibank N.A. and paid in US dollars.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial period 1 January 2024-31 December 202410. Adoption of the Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM adopts the Remuneration Report for the financial year 2024. The resolution by the AGM on the adoption of the Remuneration Report is advisory.The Remuneration Report will be available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm as of 13 February 2025.11. Adoption of the Remuneration PolicyThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM adopts the updated Remuneration Policy. The Remuneration Policy was previously presented to the Annual General Meeting on 15 March 2022.The updated Remuneration Policy is available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm and published as an attachment to this notice. The resolution by the AGM on the adoption of the updated Remuneration Policy is advisory.12. Resolution on the remuneration for the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the AGM as announced on 12 December 2024 that the annual remuneration for the Chair  Vice Chair and other members of the Board of Directors be increased by 3% and be paid as follows:Board of DirectorsChair EUR 221 728 (2024: 215 270) Vice Chair EUR 125 186 (2024: 121 540) Members EUR 85 933 (2024: 83 430)The Shareholders' Nomination Board also proposes that the annual remuneration for the members of the Board of Directors be paid in Company shares and cash so that 40% is paid in Stora Enso R shares to be purchased on the Board members' behalf from the market at a price determined in public trading  and the rest in cash. The shares will be purchased within two weeks of the publication of the interim report for the period 1 January 2025-31 March 2025 or as soon as possible in accordance with applicable legislation. The Company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of Company shares.The Shareholders' Nomination Board further proposes that the annual remuneration for the members of the Financial and Audit Committee  the People and Culture Committee and the Sustainability and Ethics Committee be increased by 3% and be paid as follows:Financial and Audit CommitteeChair EUR 23 976 (2024: 23 278) Members EUR 16 868 (2024: 16 377)People and Culture CommitteeChair EUR 11 988 (2024: 11 639) Members EUR 7 214 (2024: 7 004)Sustainability and Ethics CommitteeChair EUR 11 988 (2024: 11 639) Members EUR 7 214 (2024: 7 004)13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the AGM as announced on 12 December 2024 that the Board of Directors shall have nine (9) members.14. Election of Chair  Vice Chair and other members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the AGM as announced on 12 December 2024 that of the current members of the Board of Directors  Håkan Buskhe  Helena Hedblom  Astrid Hermann  Kari Jordan  Christiane Kuehne  Richard Nilsson and Reima Rytsölä be re-elected members of the Board of Directors until the end of the following AGM and that Elena Scaltritti and Antti Vasara be elected new members of the Board of Directors for the same term of office.Elisabeth Fleuriot has announced that she is not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that Kari Jordan be elected Chair and Håkan Buskhe be elected Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Elena Scaltritti  born in 1972  Italian citizen with an Executive MBA degree and a Bachelor of Science degree in Organic Chemistry  has extensive experience in the chemical and technology industries from various global companies focusing on innovation and sustainable development. Currently  since 2022  she is the Chief Commercial Officer of the Danish energy transition solutions company Topsoe. Previously  she served as the Executive Vice President (2019-2022)  and held several other leadership roles  in the chemical company SONGWON (2011-2022). Elena Scaltritti is independent of the Company and of its shareholders. Currently  she does not own shares in Stora Enso.Antti Vasara  born in 1965  Finnish citizen with a Doctor of Science (Technology) in Engineering Physics has extensive experience in the technology and telecommunications industries  from research and development to business leadership and innovation. Currently  since 2015  he is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Finnish technology research and development organisation VTT. Currently  he is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Ilmarinen (since 2024)  the Board of Directors of Jane and Aatos Erkko Foundation (since 2018)  the Board of Directors of Elisa (since 2017)  and the Research and Innovation Council of Finland (since 2016). He has previously worked as an executive at Tieto Oyj (2012-2015) and Nokia Oyj (2003-2012)  as the CEO at SmartTrust Oy (2000-2003)  and as a management consultant at McKinsey & Company (1993-2000). Antti Vasara is independent of the Company and of its shareholders. Currently  he does not own shares in Stora Enso.With regard to the selection procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders' Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the AGM. This recommendation is based on the fact that at Stora Enso  in line with a good Nordic governance model  the Shareholders' Nomination Board is separate from the Board of Directors. The Shareholders' Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  is also responsible for making sure that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole has the best possible expertise and experience for the Company and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.All candidates and the evaluation regarding their independence have been presented on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm.15. Resolution on the remuneration for the auditorOn the recommendation of the Financial and Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the remuneration for the auditor be paid based on an invoice approved by the Financial and Audit Committee.16. Election of the auditorOn the recommendation of the Financial and Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that Authorised Public Accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the auditor until the end of the Company's next AGM. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the Company that  in the event it will be elected as the auditor  Panu Vänskä  APA  will act as the principally responsible auditor.The recommendation of the Financial and Audit Committee concerning the auditor election is available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm. The Financial and Audit Committee confirms that its recommendation on the election of the auditor is free from influence by any third party and that no clause as set out in Article 16  Section 6 of the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) restricting the choice by the AGM or the Company's free choice to propose an auditor for election has been imposed on the Company.17. Resolution on the remuneration for the sustainability reporting assurerOn the recommendation of the Financial and Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the remuneration for the sustainability reporting assurer be paid based on an invoice approved by the Financial and Audit Committee.18. Election of the sustainability reporting assurerOn the recommendation of the Financial and Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the sustainability reporting assurer of the Company until the end of the Company's next AGM. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the Company that  in the event it will be elected as the sustainability reporting assurer  Panu Vänskä  APA  authorised sustainability auditor (ASA)  will act as the principally responsible sustainability reporting assurer.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase of Stora Enso R shares as follows:The amount of R shares to be repurchased based on this authorisation shall not exceed 2 000 000 R shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.25% of all shares and 0.33% of all R shares in the Company. Own R shares can also be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). Own R shares can be repurchased using the unrestricted equity of the Company at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price determined by the markets.Own R shares may be repurchased primarily in order to use the shares as part of the Company's incentive and remuneration scheme. The repurchased R shares may be held for reissue  cancelled  or transferred further.The Board of Directors decides on all other matters related to the repurchase of own R shares. The authorisation is effective until the beginning of the next AGM  however  no longer than until 31 July 2026 and it revokes the authorisation given by the AGM on 20 March 2024.20. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of Stora Enso R shares as follows:The amount of R shares to be issued based on this authorisation shall not exceed a total of 2 000 000 R shares  corresponding to approximately 0.25% of all shares and 0.33% of all R shares in the Company. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new R shares as well as the transfer of own R shares held by the Company.The issuance of R shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights for the purpose of using the R shares as part of the Company's incentive and remuneration scheme.The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions of a share issue. The authorisation is effective until the beginning of the next AGM  however  no longer than until 31 July 2026 and it revokes the authorisation given by the AGM on 20 March 2024.21. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Articles of Association of the Company be amended as set out below:4 §: The Board proposes to delete reference to Corporate Governance Policy from the article 4 as obsolete as the Company is required to publish Corporate Governance Statement pursuant to applicable law.5 and 6 §: The Board proposes to delete reference to the Deputy CEO as unnecessary since the Company no longer has a Deputy CEO.Title of section IV and 8 §: Stora Enso is required to appoint a sustainability reporting assurer following the implementation of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive. The Board proposes to include this obligation and the term of office of the sustainability reporting assurer into the article 8  and amend the title of section IV of the Articles of Association accordingly. The Board also proposes that the terminology concerning the auditor be changed to reflect currently valid legislation.11 §: The Board proposes to clarify the meeting place in case a General Meeting is held virtually pursuant to the current article 9 of the Articles of Association.13 §: The Board proposes to amend article 13 so that the Annual General Meeting shall also decide  in addition to the items currently listed  on the adoption of the remuneration policy  when necessary  and on the adoption of the remuneration report  and that the numbering of the current sub-items 7-11 of article 13 be changed accordingly. The Board also proposes to amend article 13 by adding a reference to the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurer and by adding a requirement to elect a sustainability reporting assurer.The current and proposed new wordings of the above-mentioned articles of the Articles of Association are available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm.22. Decision making order23. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the AGMThe proposals for decisions relating to the agenda of the AGM  this notice and the amended Remuneration Policy are available on Stora Enso's website at storaenso.com/agm. Stora Enso's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors (including the Sustainability Statement)  the auditor's report  the assurance statement on the sustainability reporting  and the Remuneration Report for the financial year 2024 will be available on Stora Enso's website at storaenso.com/agm as of 13 February 2025. The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents will also be available at the AGM. The minutes of the AGM will be available on Stora Enso's website at storaenso.com/agm as of 3 April 2025 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the AGM1. Registration for the AGMa) Shareholders with shares registered with Euroclear Finland Oy in FinlandEach shareholder  who is registered on 10 March 2025 in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the AGM. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on the shareholder's personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company.The registration period for the AGM commences on 13 February 2025 at 12:00 noon Finnish time. A shareholder  who is registered in the Company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the AGM  must register for the AGM by giving a prior notice of participation no later than on 14 March 2025 at 11:59 p.m. Finnish time  by which time the registration must be received. Such notice of registration can be given:electronically via the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm. Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or proxy representative with a banking ID or mobile certificate.by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fiby telephone: Calling +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. Finnish time. Registration by telephone is available in English and Finnish languages. When registering by phone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance.and and Finnish time. Registration by telephone is available in English and Finnish languages. When registering by phone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance. by regular mail: Innovatics Oy  AGM/Stora Enso Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland .Shareholders registering by e-mail or regular mail shall submit the registration form available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm or equivalent information. The registration form will be available on the Company's website on 13 February 2025 at the latest.When registering  shareholder and their representative shall provide requested information  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or Business ID  address  telephone number  e-mail address and the name of any assistant or proxy representative  and the date of birth  phone number and e-mail address of any proxy representative. The personal data provided to Stora Enso Oyj will be used only in connection with the AGM and with the processing of related necessary registrations.Shareholders or their authorised representatives or proxy representatives must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Further information on registration and advance voting is available in English and Finnish languages by telephone during the registration period of the AGM from the number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.b) Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the AGM by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the AGM  10 March 2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the AGM requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy no later than on 17 March 2025 by 10:00 a.m. Finnish time. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the AGM.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions from their custodian bank regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy authorisation documents and voting instructions as well as the registration and attendance for the AGM and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall temporarily register the holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the AGM  into the shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above  and  if necessary  take care of advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares prior to the end of the registration period concerning holders of nominee-registered shares.For the sake of clarity  instructions for shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered in Sweden are set out below in subsection C.1 c) ""Shareholders with shares registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in Sweden"".Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm.c) Shareholders with shares registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in SwedenEach shareholder  who is registered on 10 March 2025 in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  has the right to participate in the AGM. Such shareholders are re-registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy provided that the shareholder has notified the Company thereof in accordance with the instructions set out below.The registration period for the AGM commences on 13 February 2025 at 12:00 noon. Finnish time. Notification of participation shall be made no later than by 11:59 p.m. Finnish time on 12 March 2025  by which time the registration must be received. Such notice of registration can be given:electronically via the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm. Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or proxy representative with a banking ID or mobile certificate.by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fiby telephone: Calling +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. Finnish time. Registration by telephone is available in English and Finnish languages. When registering by phone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance.and and Finnish time. Registration by telephone is available in English and Finnish languages. When registering by phone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance. by regular mail: Innovatics Oy  AGM/Stora Enso Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland .Shareholders registering by e-mail or regular mail shall submit the registration form available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm or equivalent information. The registration form will be available on the Company's website on 13 February 2025 at the latest.Shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered in Sweden and who wish to participate in the AGM and use their voting rights must instruct the nominee to re-register their shares in the shareholders' own name in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB in good time prior to 12 March 2025  which is the deadline for re-registration. A shareholder must also take care of issuing possible proxy documents and advance voting instructions.Further information on registration and advance voting is available in English and Finnish languages by telephone during the registration period of the AGM from the number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.2. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder of the Company may participate in the AGM and exercise their shareholders' rights at the AGM by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice. Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the AGM. Proxy representatives registering electronically for the AGM must identify themselves personally through strong electronic authentication  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent. The same applies to voting in advance electronically.If a shareholder participates in the AGM by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the AGM.Proxy document templates are available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm on 13 February 2025 at the latest .Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Stora Enso Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi. The proxy documents must be received before the end of the registration period. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents the shareholder or his/her proxy shall register for the AGM in the manner described above in this notice.The right of representation can be demonstrated by using the suomi.fi e-Authorizations service available in the electronic registration service. For more information  see suomi.fi/e-authorizations.3. Advance votingShareholders may also vote in advance on certain agenda items of the AGM in accordance with the following instructions.a) Shareholders with shares registered with Euroclear Finland Oy in FinlandEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy as described in subsection C.1 a) above may vote in advance during the period between 13 February 2025 at 12:00 noon - 14 March 2025 at 11:59 p.m. Finnish time in the following manners:electronically on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm. The service is accessed in the same way as described in the registration process outlined in section C.1 a) of this notice.by e-mailing the advance voting form to agm@innovatics.fi  orby regular mail by sending the advance voting form to: Innovatics Oy  AGM/Stora Enso Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland .Shareholders voting in advance by email or regular mail shall submit the advance voting form available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm or equivalent information. The advance voting form will be available on the Company's website on 13 February 2025 at the latest.Advance votes must be received by the end of the registration period. Submitting advance votes in this way before the end of registration and advance voting is considered registration for the AGM  as long as the above-mentioned information required for registration is provided.A representative or proxy representative of the shareholder must in connection with delivering the advance voting form produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the AGM.Further information on registration and advance voting is available in English and Finnish languages by telephone during the registration period of the AGM from the number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.b) Holders of nominee-registered sharesFor holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager of their custodian. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares that they represent in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.For the sake of clarity  instructions for shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered in Sweden are set out below in subsection C.3 c) ""Shareholders with shares registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in Sweden"".c) Shareholders with shares registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in SwedenEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as described in subsection C.1 c) above may vote in advance during the period between 13 February 2025 at 12:00 noon - 12 March 2025 at 11:59 p.m. Finnish time in the following manners:electronically on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm. The service is accessed in the same way as described in the registration process outlined in section C.1 c) of this notice.by e-mailing the advance voting form to agm@innovatics.fi  orby regular mail by sending the advance voting form to: Innovatics Oy  AGM/Stora Enso Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland .Shareholders voting in advance by email or regular mail shall submit the advance voting form available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm or equivalent information. The advance voting form will be available on the Company's website on 13 February 2025  at the latest.A legal representative or proxy representative of the shareholder must in connection with delivering the advance voting form produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the AGM. If a shareholder participates in the AGM by delivering votes in advance to Innovatics Oy  the delivery of advance votes shall constitute due registration for the AGM  as long as the above-mentioned information required for registration is provided. Advance votes must be received within the registration period.Shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered in Sweden and who wish to vote in advance are advised to instruct the nominee to vote in advance on behalf of such shareholders according to the instructions set out in this notice. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares that they represent in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.Further information on registration and advance voting is available in English and Finnish languages by telephone during the registration period of the AGM from the number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.d) Other matters related to advance votingShareholders who have voted in advance and who wish to exercise their right to ask questions  demand a vote at the AGM or vote on a possible counterproposal under the Finnish Companies Act must participate in the AGM at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented without amendments at the AGM.Instructions regarding the advance voting will also be available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm on 13 February 2025 at the latest.4. ADR holdersADR holders intending to vote at the AGM shall notify the depositary bank  Citibank  N.A.  of their intention and shall comply with the instructions provided by Citibank  N.A. to each ADR holder.5. Other informationThe information concerning the AGM required under the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Markets Act is available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm . Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the AGM has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the AGM.On the date of this notice to the AGM the total number of Stora Enso Oyj A shares is 175 663 629 conferring a total of 175 663 629 votes and the total number of R shares is 612 956 358  conferring a total of at least 61 295 635 votes. Each A share and every ten (10) R shares entitle the holder to one vote. Each shareholder shall  however  have at least one vote. On the date of this notice  the Company does not hold any of its own shares.The privacy notice is available on the Company's website at storaenso.com/agm.Changes in shareholding occurring after the record date of the AGM  10 March 2025  will not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the number of votes of such shareholder at the AGM.For further information  please contact:Carl NorellSVP Corporate Communicationstel. +46 72 241 0349Investor enquiries:Anna-Lena ÅströmSVP Investor Relationstel. +46 70 210 7691The forest is at the heart of Stora Enso  and we believe that everything made from fossil-based materials today can be made from a tree tomorrow. We are the leading provider of renewable products in packaging  biomaterials  and wooden construction  and one of the largest private forest owners in the world. In 2024  Stora Enso had approximately 19 000 employees  and the Group sales were EUR 9 billion. Stora Enso's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy (STEAV  STERV) and Nasdaq Stockholm AB (STE A  STE R). In addition  the shares are traded in the USA OTC Markets (OTCQX) as ADRs and ordinary shares (SEOAY  SEOFF  SEOJF). storaenso.comSTORA ENSO OYJThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/stora-enso-oyj/r/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-stora-enso-oyj c4103493The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Stora Enso Oyj', 'Notice', 'OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'CEO Hans Sohlström', 'Euroclear Sweden registered shares', 'Marina Congress Center', 'CFO Niclas Rosenlew', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Stora Enso Oyj', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Citibank N.A.', 'new record date', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual accounts', 'Finnish time', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'Finnish language', 'Simultaneous translation', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Sustainability Statement', 'balance sheet', 'distributable capital', 'two instalments', 'separate register', 'applicable law', 'unexpected circumstances', 'Swedish crowns', 'ADR holders', 'US dollars', 'financial period', 'payment date', 'Thursday 20 March', 'meeting venue', 'meeting room', 'The Board', 'assurance report', 'advance voting', 'section C.', 'financial year', 'The AGM', 'parent company', ""shareholders' register"", '8:30 a', '788,619,987 shares', '24 March', 'year 2024', 'February', 'Directors', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'Katajanokanlaituri', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'English', '2:30-3:30', 'President', 'event', 'connection', 'questions', 'management', 'forum', 'decision-making', 'Chapter', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'website', 'storaenso', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', '31 December', 'aggregate', 'basis', '2 April', '25 September', '2 October', 'regulation', 'Dividends', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'January', '4:00', '2:00']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,prnewswire.co.uk
48787,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/11/3023899/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Sanoma-Corporation.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma Corporation,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  11 February 2025 at 08:35 EET  Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma Corporation  Notice is given...,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  11 February 2025 at 08:35 EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Sanoma Corporation (“Sanoma” or the “Company”) to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday 29 April 2025 at 10:00 (EET) at Sanomatalo.For the purposes of expanding the opportunities for shareholders’ participation  the opportunity has been reserved for the shareholders to exercise their rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in section C of this notice “Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting”. In addition  the shareholders can follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com and submit questions in advance as well as during the general meeting through a chat function. These functionalities supporting unofficial remote participation will be organised only if it is technically possible.The official venue of the general meeting is the Mediatori in the Sanomatalo building. The address is Töölönlahdenkatu 2  Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets at the meeting venue shall commence at 09:00 (EET). The Company recommends shareholders and their representatives to arrive at the venue using public transportation. No parking has been arranged for the shareholders or their representatives at the meeting venue.A. Matters on the Agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters shall be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report (including the Sustainability Statement)  the Auditor’s Report and the Assurance Report of the Sustainability Statement for the year 2024Review by the President and CEO7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.39 per share shall be paid for the year 2024The dividend shall be paid in three equal instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date 2 May 2025. The payment date proposed by the Board of Directors for this instalment is 9 May 2025.The second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid in September 2025. The second instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 9 September 2025.The third instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid in November 2025. The third instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 29 October 20259. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report of the governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report for year 2024 prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 19 April 2023 by the Company’s Annual General Meeting is available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com at the latest on week 14  commencing on 31 March 2025.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the Remuneration Report for the governing bodies. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting to adopt the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  Board Committees and the Shareholders’ Nomination CommitteeThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the monthly remuneration and meeting fees payable to the members of the Board of Directors remain unchanged  while the meeting fees of the members of the Board Committees are to be increased by EUR 1 000 / meeting for the Committee chairs and by EUR 500 / meeting for the Committee members. The proposed remuneration is as follows:The monthly remunerations are: EUR 12 000 for the Chair of the Board of Directors  EUR 7 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  and EUR 6 000 for the members of the Board of Directors;For members of the Board of Directors who reside outside Finland: EUR 1 000 / Board meeting where the member was present;For members of the Board of Directors who reside in Finland: No separate fee is paid for attending Board meetings;For the Chairs of Board of Directors’ Committees: EUR 4 500 / Committee meeting participated;For Committee members who reside outside Finland: EUR 3 000 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 2 000 / Committee meeting participated; andFor Committee members who reside in Finland: EUR 2 000 / Committee meeting participated.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all shares and votes of the Company have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the meeting fees of the members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee remain unchanged and are:- For the Chair of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;- For members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; and- For members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.12. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directors shall be set at nine.13. Election of the members  the Chair and the Vice Chair of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors comprises the following members: Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Klaus Cawén  Julian Drinkall  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Sebastian Langenskiöld  Eugenie van Wiechen and Jannica Fagerholm and Timo Lappalainen as new members  and that the term of all the members of the Board of Directors ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. Mika Ihamuotila has informed that he does not stand for re-election to the Board.In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed that Pekka Ala-Pietilä is elected as the Chair and Klaus Cawén as the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Essential biographical information and information on independence on all Board member candidates is given on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com. All the proposed individuals have given their consent to being elected.Jannica Fagerholm  born 1961  Finnish citizen  M.Sc. (Economics)  Hanken School of Economics  Helsinki Finland  has acted as the Managing Director of Signe and Ane Gyllenberg Foundation since 2010. Between 1999–2010 she held several leadership positions at SEB Gyllenberg Private Bank  including Managing Director in 2006–2010. Currently  Fagerholm is Vice Chair and Chair of the Remuneration Committee in Mandatum Plc  member of the Board and Chair of the Audit Committee in Kesko Corporation as well as member of the Board in Solidium Oy.Timo Lappalainen  born 1962  Finnish citizen  M.Sc. (Industrial engineering and management)  Helsinki University of Technology  Finland  has held several leadership positions at Orion Corporation between 1999–2022  including President & CEO in 2008–2022. Currently  Lappalainen is a Professor of Practise  Pharmaceutical Industry  in the University of Turku  Chair of the Board in The Finnish Fair Foundation as well as member of the Board in Kemira Oyj and the Finnish Foundation for Cardiovascular Research.With regard to the procedure for the selection of the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee recommends that the shareholders give their view on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. The Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has estimated that in addition to the qualifications of the individual candidates for the Board of Directors  the proposed Board of Directors as a whole provides excellent competence and experience for the Company and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements set for a listed company by the Corporate Governance Code.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the Auditor and the Sustainability AuditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor’s remuneration be paid according to invoice approved by the Company.Furthermore  in accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Sustainability Auditor’s remuneration be paid according to invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of the Auditor and the Sustainability AuditorThe Auditor will be elected at the Annual General Meeting for the term that is determined in the Articles of Association of the Company. The term expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting following the election. In accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor shall be audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Tiina Puukkoniemi  Authorised Public Accountant  is the Auditor with principal responsibility. The term of the Auditor will expire at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2026.Auditors give their report for the financial year 2025 also on the adoption of the Financial Statements  whether the proposal for distribution of funds is in compliance with the Finnish Companies Act and discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the Company from liability.Furthermore  in accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Sustainability Auditor shall be sustainability audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy for a term that expires at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Tiina Puukkoniemi  Authorised Public Accountant  Authorised Sustainability Auditor (ASA)  is the responsible sustainability auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorised by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 16 000 000 of the Company’s own shares (approximately 9.8% of all shares of the Company) in one or several instalments. The own shares shall be repurchased with funds from the Company's unrestricted shareholders’ equity  and the repurchases shall reduce funds available for distribution of profits. The shares shall be repurchased either through a tender offer made to all shareholders on equal terms or otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders  at their current price in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The shares shall be repurchased to develop the Company’s capital structure  to carry out or finance potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements or agreements  to be used as a part of the Company’s incentive programme or to be otherwise conveyed further  retained as treasury shares or cancelled. The authorisation is proposed to be valid until 30 June 2026 and it terminates the corresponding authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 17 April 2024.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorised by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the issuance of new shares and the conveyance of the Company’s own shares held by the Company (treasury shares) and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. Option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act may not be granted as part of the Company’s incentive programme. The Board would  pursuant to the authorisation  be entitled to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 16 000 000 new shares (approximately 9.8% of all shares of the Company) as well as conveyance of a maximum of 21 000 000 treasury shares held by the Company in one or several instalments. The total number of new shares to be registered based on this authorisation cannot exceed 16 000 000 new shares in aggregate. The issuance of shares  the conveyance of treasury shares and the granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may be done in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right (directed issue). The authorisation is proposed to be valid until 30 June 2026 and it will replace the authorisation to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares which was granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 17 April 2024.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Sanoma’s website at www.sanoma.com. The Company’s Annual Report 2024  including the company’s Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report (including the Sustainability Statement)  Corporate Governance Statement  Remuneration Report  the Auditor’s Report of Sanoma and Assurance Report of the Sustainability Statement  will be available on the above-mentioned website on week 14  commencing on 31 March 2025. Copies of the decision proposals and above-mentioned documents shall be sent to shareholders upon request. The decision proposals and the other above-mentioned documents are also displayed at the Annual General Meeting but  due to environmental reasons  only the agenda will be available in print. Notice to the Annual General Meeting shall not be sent to the shareholders separately. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting shall be available on the above-mentioned website on 13 May 2025 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  15 April 2025  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account  is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company. The use of proxies is described below.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence on 26 March 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on 22 April 2025 at 16:00 (EET). The notice must be received by Innovatics Ltd before the end of the above-mentioned registration period. The registration can be done in the following ways:a) on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.comOnline registration requires that the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative uses secure strong electronic authentication  by logging in using their personal online banking credentials or a mobile ID.b) by regular mail. Shareholders registering by mail shall submit the registration form and advance voting form available on the company's website on 26 March 2025 at the very latest or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finlandc) by phone by calling number +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday from 9:00 to 12:00 and from 13:00 to 16:00 (EET). When registering by phone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance.ord) by e-mail addressed to agm@innovatics.fi.Shareholders registering by mail shall submit the registration form and advance voting form available on the company's website on 26 March 2025 at the very latest or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  FinlandIn connection with the registration  requested information must be provided  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/personal identification number/business identity code  contact details and the name of a proxy representative  legal representative or assistant  if any  and the date of birth or the personal identification number as well as the contact details of the proxy representative or legal representative  as applicable. Any personal data provided to the Company or Innovatics Ltd by a shareholder will only be used for the purposes of the Annual General Meeting and for the processing of related necessary registrations.The shareholder  their proxy representative  legal representative or assistant  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.For further information on how Sanoma Corporation processes personal data  please review Sanoma Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com or contact by email agm@sanoma.com. Shareholders are requested to note that personal information provided in connection with the registration by e-mail is provided possibly through an unsecure connection at the shareholder’s own responsibility.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  15 April 2025. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 10:00 a.m. (EET) on 24 April 2025 at the latest. For the nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting as well as voting in advance from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall temporarily register the holder of the nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the shareholders’ register of the Company by the time stated above at the latest. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares. For the sake of clarity  it is noted that holders of nominee-registered shares cannot directly register for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website but must register via their custodian bank instead.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting also by way of third-party proxy representation. A proxy representative may also choose to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Electronical registration and advance voting on behalf of a shareholder require secure strong electronic authentication; a proxy representative may register the shareholder and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder by logging in using their personal online banking credentials or a mobile ID. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares with which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com on 26 March 2025 at the latest. Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi . The proxy documents must have been received by Innovatics Ltd before the end of the registration period. In addition to delivering proxy authorisation documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall see to registration for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service in Innovatics Ltd’s general meeting service for authorising their proxies instead of using the traditional proxy authorisation. In this case  the shareholder authorises a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Innovatics Ltd’s general meeting service  and after that register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder if necessary. The strong electronic authentication works with personal online banking certificates or a mobile ID. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may vote in advance on the agenda matters 7–17 of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 26 March 2025 at 10.00 (EET) until 22 April 2025 at 16:00 (EET).A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal only  if they participate in person or by way of proxy representation in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a) on the Company website at www.sanoma.comElectronic advance voting requires that the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative uses secure strong electronic authentication for registering and voting by logging in using their personal online banking credentials or a mobile ID.b) by email or by regular mailA shareholder may submit the advance voting form available on the Company’s website at the latest on 26 March 2025 or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy primarily by email addressed to agm@innovatics.fi  or by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.The advance votes must be received by prior to the expiry of the advance voting period. Submission of the votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period in this manner constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for the registration.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the Annual General Meeting. The terms and other instructions related to the electronic advance voting are also available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period by phone by calling number +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday from 9:00 to 12:00 and from 13:00 to 16:00 (EET5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual General Meeting can be followed online via a webcast on Company’s website www.sanoma.com. Detailed instructions on following the webcast will be available on the said website before the Annual General Meeting. Registration is required before logging in to the webcast. Shareholders are asked to take into account that following the meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting  and that it is not possible for the shareholders to exercise their shareholder rights in the Annual General Meeting through the webcast. Shareholders following the webcast can exercise their voting rights by voting on the matter on the agenda in advance in accordance with the instructions provided above. In connection with the webcast of the Annual General Meeting  a chat functionality is available for submitting questions during the meeting. The chat function and possible questions asked in the chat are  however  not an official part of the Annual General Meeting. Accordingly  questions submitted through the chat function are not questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act. Unofficial questions can also be presented in advance by email addressed to agm@sanoma.com  by regular mail addressed to Sanoma Corporation  AGM  P.O. Box 60  00089 Sanoma or in connection with the electronic voting no later than 22 April 2025 and such questions received will be primarily responded to at the Annual General Meeting.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. Information on the Annual General Meeting laid down in the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Markets Act is available on the Company’s website www.sanoma.com. On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares in Sanoma and votes represented by such shares is 163 565 663. The Company holds on the date hereof 472 098 treasury shares  in respect of which voting rights cannot be used at the Annual General Meeting.Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the number of votes of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.We wish our shareholders welcome to the Annual General Meeting.In Helsinki  10 February 2025Sanoma CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601Sanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.Today  we operate across Europe and employ close to 5 000 professionals. In 2024  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.3bn€ and our operational EBIT margin excl. PPA was 13.4%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Notice', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'three equal instalments', 'unofficial remote participation', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'dividend record date', 'Annual General Meeting', 'dividend payment date', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Committee chairs', 'shareholders’ participation', 'The Company', 'meeting fees', 'section C', 'chat function', 'voting tickets', 'public transportation', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'Sustainability Statement', 'Assurance Report', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'monthly remunerations', 'remuneration policy', 'Committee members', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'meeting venue', 'official venue', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Tuesday 29 April', 'Sanomatalo building', 'shareholder register', 'Vice Chair', 'advance voting', 'year 2024 Review', 'Board meeting', 'Board Committees', 'Directors’ Report', '19 April', '08:35 EET', 'Notice', 'purposes', 'opportunities', 'opportunity', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'questions', 'functionalities', 'Mediatori', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'representatives', 'parking', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', '9 May', 'September', 'November', '29 October', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'accordance', 'week', '31 March', '10:00', '09', '10.']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,globenewswire.com
48788,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/104289/euronext-collaborates-with-euroclear-on-collateral-manaement-services,Euronext collaborates with Euroclear on collateral manaement services,Euronext has announced a new collaboration with Euroclear to support the development of Euronext Clearing’s collateral management services for repo and other asset classes.,"Euronext has announced a new collaboration with Euroclear to support the development of Euronext Clearing’s collateral management services for repo and other asset classes.0The initiative is a major step to enable Euronext’s ambition to expand its leading Italian repo clearing franchise to a large range of European government bonds bringing an efficient value offering to European and international clients.Euronext Clearing will use Euroclear as its first triparty agent to enable enhanced collateral management capabilities. Leveraging on Euroclear’s solutions  Euronext Clearing will offer clients automated  streamlined and flexible collateral solutions  improving operational efficiency and margin and balance sheet optimisation. Euroclear will act as an independent third party  managing the selection  valuation and substitution of collateral to ensure it meets eligibility criteria while optimising operational efficiency. It will also handle settlement and custody  provide regular reporting and ensure regulatory compliance  allowing clients to benefit from improved liquidity management and a reduced administrative burden.The support of Euroclear’s collateral management infrastructure  which handles an average in daily collateral  will strengthen Euronext Clearing’s ability to deliver efficient  scalable services that address the evolving needs of its clients  with additional partnerships expected to further reinforce this approach.This initiative builds on Euronext Clearing’s unique position in the Italian repo market  where it already clears a significant portion of MTS repo activity  and lays the foundation for the next phase of the Euronext Clearing repo expansion to new European geographies.Euronext Clearing has undergone remarkable development in the last three years  evolving from a domestic central clearing house into the third-largest European clearing house. The integration of clearing operations across multiple geographies  diverse markets and various asset classes has solidified Euronext Clearing’s position as a European leader.Collaborating with Euroclear will pave the way for the rollout of Euronext’s new repo clearing offering in June 2025  enabling the onboarding of clients including international banks  with an updated risk framework. Clients will be able to use Euroclear as a triparty agent for repo clearing.Anthony Attia  Global Head of Derivatives and Post-Trade at Euronext  said: “This partnership marks a significant milestone in Euronext’s “Innovate for Growth 2027” strategy  reinforcing Euronext Clearing’s role as a cornerstone of the group's broader strategic ambitions. It demonstrates our commitment to delivering best-in-class clearing and collateral management solutions for our clients. It is a key milestone in the expansion across Europe of Euronext Clearing’s repo franchise. As we develop Euronext Clearing’s services  we are creating value for stakeholders and positioning Euronext at the forefront of innovation in clearing and collateral management.""Marije Verhelst  Head of Product Strategy and Collateral Management and Securities Lending at Euroclear said: “Strengthening collaboration between market players is crucial for growth and stability in European capital markets. Euroclear has a long-standing track record of providing collateral management solutions across Europe and beyond. This initiative highlights the vital role of our global and neutral infrastructure in helping our clients optimise their collateral allocation  reducing fails and credit usage  and increasing flexibility and predictability for dealers.”",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['collateral manaement services', 'Euronext', 'Euroclear', 'leading Italian repo clearing franchise', 'domestic central clearing house', 'third-largest European clearing house', 'new repo clearing offering', 'Euronext Clearing repo expansion', 'Italian repo market', 'other asset classes', 'balance sheet optimisation', 'independent third party', 'MTS repo activity', 'last three years', 'various asset classes', 'broader strategic ambitions', 'standing track record', 'European government bonds', 'efficient value offering', 'efficient, scalable services', 'new European geographies', 'European capital markets', 'collateral management capabilities', 'first triparty agent', 'flexible collateral solutions', 'collateral management infrastructure', 'collateral management solutions', 'collateral management services', 'repo franchise', 'new collaboration', 'European leader', 'liquidity management', 'clearing operations', 'class clearing', 'multiple geographies', 'diverse markets', 'market players', 'neutral infrastructure', 'daily collateral', 'collateral allocation', 'major step', 'large range', 'automated, streamlined', 'operational efficiency', 'eligibility criteria', 'regular reporting', 'regulatory compliance', 'administrative burden', 'evolving needs', 'additional partnerships', 'significant portion', 'next phase', 'international banks', 'risk framework', 'Anthony Attia', 'significant milestone', 'key milestone', 'Marije Verhelst', 'Securities Lending', 'Strengthening collaboration', 'credit usage', 'unique position', 'remarkable development', 'Product Strategy', 'vital role', 'international clients', 'Global Head', '2027” strategy', 'Euroclear', 'initiative', 'margin', 'selection', 'valuation', 'substitution', 'settlement', 'custody', 'reduced', 'support', 'average', 'ability', 'approach', 'foundation', 'integration', 'way', 'rollout', 'June', 'onboarding', 'Derivatives', 'Post-Trade', 'Growth', 'cornerstone', 'group', 'commitment', 'stakeholders', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'long', 'fails', 'flexibility', 'dealers']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,finextra.com
48789,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/11/3023895/0/en/Sanoma-Corporation-Full-Year-2024-Result-Increased-operational-EBIT-and-strong-free-cash-flow-improvement.html,Sanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2024 Result: Increased operational EBIT and strong free cash flow improvement,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  11 February 2025 at 8:30 EET   Sanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2024 Result: Increased operational EBIT and...,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  11 February 2025 at 8:30 EETSanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2024 Result: Increased operational EBIT and strong free cash flow improvementThis release is a summary of Sanoma’s Full-Year 2024 Result. The complete report is attached to this release and is also available at www.sanoma.com/en/investors.Q4 2024The Group’s net sales amounted to EUR 241.5 million (2023: 253.4). Excluding the impact of the divestment of the exam preparation business Stark in January 2024  Learning's net sales were stable. In Media Finland  the net sales decrease was attributable to lower TV and print advertising sales and divestments  while subscription sales continued to grow. The Group’s organic net sales development was -2% (2023: -2%).Operational EBIT excl. PPA was relatively stable in both businesses. The Group's operational EBIT excl. PPA amounted to EUR -27.3 million (2023: -27.0).EBIT amounted to EUR -46.9 million (2023: -51.4) and items affecting comparability (IACs) to EUR -10.6 million (2023: -14.3). The IACs mainly consisted of restructuring expenses related to strategic development costs  incl. Program Solar. Purchase price allocation adjustments and amortisations (PPAs) amounted to EUR 9.0 million (2023: 10.1).Operational EPS was stable at EUR -0.21 (2023: -0.22).EPS was EUR -0.26 (2023: -0.29).On 31 October 2024  Sanoma announced that it will repurchase maximum 720 000 own shares (0.44% of the total number of shares) to be used as a part of its incentive programme.FY 2024The Group’s net sales amounted to EUR 1 344.8 million (2023: 1 392.9). In Learning  net sales were mainly impacted by the planned discontinuation of low-value distribution contracts in the Netherlands and Belgium and the divestment of the exam preparation business Stark. Lower sales in Spain were largely offset by growth in other learning content markets. In Media Finland  net sales declined slightly due to small divestments in the beginning of the year  while lower advertising sales were mostly offset by continued growth in subscription sales. The Group’s organic net sales development was -2% (2023: 2%)  being -2% in Learning and -1% in Media Finland.The Group’s operational EBIT excl. PPA improved to EUR 180.0 million (2023: 175.4). Earnings were relatively stable in Learning and grew in Media Finland driven by lower paper costs and continuing efficiency improvement.EBIT improved to EUR 81.8 million (2023: 51.7). IACs amounted to EUR -61.5 million (2023: -82.3) and mainly consisted of costs related to Program Solar as well as impairments largely related to the planned discontinuation of low-value distribution contracts in the Netherlands and Belgium. PPAs amounted to EUR 36.7 million (2023: 41.3).Operational EPS improved to EUR 0.46 (2023: 0.39).EPS was EUR 0.19 (2023: -0.03).Free cash flow improved significantly and amounted to EUR 145.3 million (2023: 105.1). The improvement was mainly driven by lower investments in prepublication assets  partially resulting from Program Solar  and TV programme rights as well as higher reported EBIT.Net debt/Adj. EBITDA improved to 2.2 (2023: 2.8)  being within the long-term target level of ‘below 3.0’.The Board proposes a dividend of EUR 0.39 per share (2023: 0.37) for the year 2024  corresponding to 44% of the free cash flow. The dividend will be paid in [three equal instalments in May  September and November.On 5 September 2024  Sanoma issued a EUR 150 million 3-year social bond. In accordance with Sanoma's Social Bond Framework  published on 2 September 2024  the funds will be used to finance or refinance expenditures aimed at improving access to essential education services.On 28 August 2024  Sanoma announced that the Supreme Administrative Court has rejected Sanoma’s application for permission to appeal the administrative court’s decision regarding the value added tax (VAT) payment decision given by the Finnish Tax Adjustment Board related to the tax audits at Sanoma Media Finland Oy for the years 2015–2018. The decision had no impact on Sanoma’s financials or free cash flow  as the VAT claim has been paid in 2021 and booked in Sanoma’s result in Q2 2023.On 17 April 2024  the Annual General Meeting decided that a dividend of EUR 0.37 per share (2023: 0.37) shall be paid for 2024 in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 was paid on 26 April  the second instalment of EUR 0.13 on 24 September and the third instalment of EUR 0.11 on 12 November.In January 2024  Sanoma announced two small divestments: Stark in Learning and Netwheels in Media Finland.Outlook for 2025In 2025  Sanoma expects that the Group’s reported net sales will be EUR 1.28‒1.33 billion (2024: 1.34). The Group’s operational EBIT excl. PPA is expected to be EUR 170−190 million (2024: 180).The outlook is based on the following assumptions:Demand for learning content will be relatively stable across the Group's main operating markets.The advertising market in Finland will be relatively stable.President and CEO Rob Kolkman:”In 2024  we made good progress on our strategic focus areas of increasing the profitability of Learning and Media Finland and deleveraging the Group's balance sheet. We also continued building on the long-term strengths of both businesses. As a result  our operational EBIT excl. PPA increased and our free cash flow improved strongly – by EUR 40 million or 38% – from the previous year.During the year  we have strengthened our digital offering in both Learning and Media. Examples of this in Learning include successful launches of the new Sanoma platform in Italy  the eduVULCAN platform in Poland and the itslearning development project with several German states. Across Media Finland  we have renewed our way of working to be even more customer focused and to bring new digital propositions faster to the market. Examples of these include the launches of Ilta-Sanomat (IS) Extra  a subscription-based digital tabloid  and +Kaikki  a bundle subscription including all Media Finland's digital consumer products.We continued to move forward with our AI initiatives and launched new services empowered by generative AI  with a strong emphasis on its responsible use and human oversight. In Learning  we concluded multiple AI pilots across our markets  including AI driven survey tool and text-to-speech implementation in tests. The development of AI tools and services also progressed in journalism  driven  for example  by the HS-IS (Helsingin Sanomat - Ilta-Sanomat) AI Lab delivering services like news summaries and news bots. In audio  generative AI was used  for example  for weather reports and DJ slots.In Learning  net sales decreased driven by the planned discontinuation of low-value distribution contracts in the Netherlands and Belgium and the divestment of Stark. In the learning content business  growth in other learning content markets  in particular Poland and the Netherlands  more than offset the decline of net sales in Spain that resulted from the lower curriculum cycle.Program Solar is now materially complete  with more than 80% of the actions taken by the end of 2024 in line with our original plan. The first impacts of the program were already visible in our 2024 free cash flow through a lower cost base and lower investments. Supported by our increased scale and Program Solar  we are on track to reach Learning’s long-term profitability (operational EBIT margin excl. PPA) target of 23% by 2026.In Media Finland  both digital subscription and digital advertising sales continued to develop positively. Growth in digital subscriptions was driven by the SVOD service Ruutu+  where the subscription base reached its all-time-high. The digital news media subscriptions are developing favourably  driven especially by Helsingin Sanomat (HS). Digital advertising continued to grow despite the fact that the overall demand for advertising weakened slightly towards the end of the year. We are happy to see the results of the continued improvement in operational efficiency and lower paper costs in the increased profitability.The deleveraging of our balance sheet took a major step forward during the year. Our net debt and leverage improved year-on-year and Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA was well within the long-term target of < 3.0. We also refinanced a key part of our external loan portfolio by issuing a EUR 150 million 3-year Social Bond in September.The Board proposes a dividend of EUR 0.39 (2023: 0.37)  corresponding to 44% of the 2024 free cash flow. This proposal reflects our ability to deliver increasing free cash flow and it balances the capital use between the dividend  which continues to be an important part of our equity story  and the continued deleveraging of the balance sheet.We have a unique sustainability profile as learning and media have a positive impact on the lives of millions of people every day. To support the purpose of our businesses  we have set ambitious targets for sustainability aspects in which we have the biggest impact and we performed well against these targets in 2024. The Employee Experience Index (EEI) was relatively stable at 7.4 (2023: 7.5)  being close to our long-term target level. Sustainability targets related to data  privacy & AI  employee engagement and climate are also linked to the executive management’s short-term incentives. Our full sustainability performance will be included in the Sustainability Report  prepared for the first time according to European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) and to be published as part of the Report of the Board of Directors in week 14 (starting 31 March 2025).Our Outlook for 2025 indicates lower net sales and relatively stable operational EBIT excl. PPA compared to 2024. In Learning  we expect growth in most of our learning content businesses to more than offset the impact of the last year of the lower cycle in Spain  while the discontinuation of low-value contracts in the Dutch distribution business will continue. In Finland  we expect the advertising market to be relatively stable and modest growth in subscriptions to continue.Our focus remains on increasing our profitability and free cash flow  while the upcoming curriculum renewals in our major learning markets  particularly Poland and Spain  are expected to accelerate organic growth from 2026 onwards. In Media Finland  we are continuing and accelerating our successful digital transformation. We aim to also expand through value-creating M&A in K12 learning services  while being committed to meeting our leverage and equity ratio targets and paying an increasing dividend  equal to 40–60% of our annual free cash flow.I would like to extend my warmest thanks to all Sanoma employees for their excellent work in delivering these good results and for their strong commitment and passion in supporting our customers. We are in a great position to continue on our strategic path  to grow and further strengthen our business  improve our performance  and create value for all our stakeholders. I am looking forward to a successful 2025.”Key indicatorsEUR million Q4 2024 Q4 2023 Change FY 2024 FY 2023 Change Net sales 241.5 253.4 -5% 1 344.8 1 392.9 -3% Operational EBITDA 1) 23.5 27.8 -16% 360.8 358.3 1% Margin 1) 9.7% 11.0% 26.8% 25.7% Operational EBIT excl. PPA 2) -27.3 -27.0 -1% 180.0 175.4 3% Margin 2) -11.3% -10.7% 13.4% 12.6% EBIT -46.9 -51.4 9% 81.8 51.7 58% Result for the period -40.3 -44.6 10% 40.6 4.1 900% Free cash flow 68.6 70.5 -3% 145.3 105.1 38% Equity ratio 3) 45.0% 42.5% Net debt 568.5 639.7 -11% Net debt / Adj. EBITDA 2.2 2.8 -21% Operational EPS  EUR 1) -0.21 -0.22 2% 0.46 0.39 18% EPS  EUR -0.26 -0.29 9% 0.19 -0.03 816% Free cash flow per share  EUR 0.42 0.43 -3% 0.89 0.64 38% Dividend per share 4) 0.39 0.37 5% Average number of employees (FTE) 4 820 5 119 -6% Number of employees at the end of the period (FTE) 4 648 5 017 -7%1) Excluding IACs2) Excluding IACs and purchase price allocation adjustments and amortisations (PPAs)3) Advances received included in the formula of equity ratio were EUR 162.5 million in FY 2024 (2023: 153.8).4) 2024 is a proposal of the Board of Directors to the AGM.Dividend proposalOn 31 December 2024  Sanoma Corporation’s distributable funds were EUR 338 million  of which profit for the year made up EUR -1 million. Including the fund for non-restricted equity of EUR 210 million  the distributable funds amounted to EUR 548 million. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that:A dividend of EUR 0.39 per share shall be paid for the year 2024. The dividend shall be paid in three equal instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date 2 May 2025. The payment date for this instalment is 9 May 2025. The record date for the second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share will be decided by the Board of Directors in September  and the estimated payment date will be in September 2025. The record date for the third instalment of EUR 0.13 per share will be decided by the Board of Directors in October  and the estimated payment date will be in November 2025.The amount left in equity shall be EUR 484 million.According to its dividend policy  Sanoma aims to pay an increasing dividend  equal to 40–60% of the annual free cash flow. When proposing a dividend to the AGM  the Board of Directors looks at the general macro-economic environment  Sanoma’s current and target capital structure  Sanoma’s future business plans and investment needs  as well as both the previous year’s cash flows and expected future cash flows affecting capital structure.Analyst and investor conferenceAn analyst and investor conference will be held in English by the President and CEO Rob Kolkman and CFO Alex Green today at 11:00 EET at Sanomatalo  Flik Studio Eliel  1st floor  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  Helsinki.The conference can be followed as a live webcast at https://sanoma.videosync.fi/q4-2024.Management presentation is followed by a Q&A session. Questions can be placed through the webcast chat function or by phone. To ask questions by phone  the participant is required to register at https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=50051353. After the registration you will receive the phone number and conference ID to access the conference. If you wish to ask a question  please press *5 on your telephone keypad to enter the queue.An on-demand replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conference at www.sanoma.com/en/investors.Interview opportunities for media by Teams or by phone are available after the conference.Media representatives are asked to book interviews via Communications Director Marcus Wiklund  marcus.wiklund@sanoma.com.Additional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.Today  we operate across Europe and employ close to 5 000 professionals. In 2024  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.3bn€ and our operational EBIT margin excl. PPA was 13.4%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com.Attachment,neutral,0.15,0.85,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.32,0.27,True,English,"['strong free cash flow improvement', 'Increased operational EBIT', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Full-Year', 'Result', 'EUR 150 million 3-year social bond', 'strong free cash flow improvement', 'Purchase price allocation adjustments', 'Finnish Tax Adjustment Board', 'organic net sales development', 'other learning content markets', 'Social Bond Framework', 'Sanoma Media Finland Oy', 'main operating markets', 'exam preparation business', 'strategic development costs', 'low-value distribution contracts', 'continuing efficiency improvement', 'long-term target level', 'essential education services', 'Annual General Meeting', 'CEO Rob Kolkman', 'Net debt/Adj. EBITDA', 'print advertising sales', 'net sales decrease', 'TV programme rights', 'three equal instalments', 'Supreme Administrative Court', 'lower paper costs', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'lower advertising sales', 'two small divestments', 'VAT) payment decision', 'Increased operational EBIT', 'tax audits', 'three instalments', 'lower TV', 'Lower sales', 'advertising market', 'subscription sales', 'incentive programme', 'VAT claim', 'lower investments', 'complete report', 'restructuring expenses', 'Program Solar', 'total number', 'prepublication assets', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'following assumptions', 'The Group', 'Operational EPS', 'continued growth', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'The IACs', 'Full-Year 2024 Result', 'February', '8:30 EET', 'summary', 'investors', 'Q4', 'impact', 'January', 'PPA', 'businesses', 'items', 'comparability', 'amortisations', '31 October', 'maximum 720,000', 'shares', 'part', 'FY', 'discontinuation', 'Netherlands', 'Belgium', 'Stark', 'Spain', 'beginning', 'Earnings', 'impairments', 'planned', 'higher', 'dividend', 'May', 'September', 'November', 'accordance', 'funds', 'expenditures', 'access', '28 August', 'application', 'permission', 'years', 'financials', 'Q2', '17 April', '26 April', 'Netwheels', 'Outlook', 'Demand', 'President', '2025']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,globenewswire.com
48790,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/45487/big-banks-pump-26-million-into-investor-communications-platform-proxymity,Big banks pump $26 million into investor communications platform Proxymity,Investor communications platform Proxymity has secured $26 million in financing from existing investors  including BNP Paribas  BNY  Citi  Clearstream  Computershare  JPMorgan and State Street.,"Investor communications platform Proxymity has secured $26 million in financing from existing investors  including BNP Paribas  BNY  Citi  Clearstream  Computershare  JPMorgan and State Street.0Proxymity was originally established within Citi but was then spun out as an independent operation in 2020  providing proxy voting  shareholder disclosure and investor communications services to a growing customer base of fund managers and custodians.The funding comes shortly after the company’s recent unveiling of its Vote Connect Global and Vote Connect Total North America products  and Investor Portal Platform. Combined  these give investors and intermediaries the ability to vote at any general meeting worldwide  delivering up-to-market deadline voting  golden source meeting information  and real-time vote execution.Dean Little  co-founder and CEO at Proxymity  says the increasing adoption by investors and intermediaries has encouraged issuers and issuer agents to connect with the platform  allowing them to track voting in real-time and ensure better communications with their shareholders.""We look forward to leveraging this momentum to further our growth and to deliver exceptional value to our clients and stakeholders ” he says.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,True,English,"['investor communications platform', 'Big banks', 'Proxymity', 'Vote Connect Total North America products', 'golden source meeting information', 'Vote Connect Global', 'growing customer base', 'real-time vote execution', 'investor communications services', 'Investor Portal Platform', 'Investor communications platform', 'market deadline voting', 'general meeting', 'BNP Paribas', 'State Street', 'independent operation', 'shareholder disclosure', 'fund managers', 'recent unveiling', 'Dean Little', 'increasing adoption', 'issuer agents', 'exceptional value', 'existing investors', 'Proxymity', 'financing', 'BNY', 'Citi', 'Clearstream', 'Computershare', 'JPMorgan', 'custodians', 'funding', 'company', 'intermediaries', 'ability', 'founder', 'CEO', 'issuers', 'shareholders', 'momentum', 'growth', 'clients', 'stakeholders']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,finextra.com
48791,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/11/3024468/28124/en/350-Bn-Cryptocurrency-Exchange-Platform-Market-Opportunities-and-Strategies-to-2033-Transition-to-Decentralized-Exchanges-DEXs-Integration-of-AI-Expansion-of-APIs.html,$350+ Bn Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform Market Opportunities and Strategies to 2033: Transition to Decentralized Exchanges DEXs  Integration of AI  Expansion of APIs,"Dublin  Feb. 11  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The ""Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform Market Opportunities and Strategies to 2033"" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.","Dublin  Feb. 11  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The ""Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform Market Opportunities and Strategies to 2033"" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The global cryptocurrency exchange platform market reached a value of nearly $34.97 billion in 2023  having grown at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 18.57% since 2018. The market is expected to grow from $34.97 billion in 2023 to $109.1 billion in 2028 at a rate of 25.55%. The market is then expected to grow at a CAGR of 26.40% from 2028 and reach $352.02 billion in 2033.This report describes and explains the cryptocurrency exchange platform market and covers 2018-2023  termed the historic period  and 2023-2028  2033F termed the forecast period. The report evaluates the market across each region and for the major economies within each region. Growth in the historic period resulted from the growing popularity of digital assets  increasing adoption of smartphones  rising disposable income and increased internet penetration. Factors that negatively affected growth in the historic period were security and fraud risks.Going forward  the growing adoption of cryptocurrencies  favorable government initiatives  increasing population and urbanization  strong economic growth in emerging markets and rise in digital payments adoption will drive the growth. Factor that could hinder the growth of the cryptocurrency exchange platform market in the future include user trust and adoption.Market-trend-based strategies for the cryptocurrency exchange platform market include focus on transition to decentralized exchanges (DEXs) for enhanced security  transparency and asset control  focus on integration of artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance trading  security and user experience and focus on expansion of APIs for enhanced integration and functionality. Player-adopted strategies in the cryptocurrency exchange platform market include focus on strategic partnerships to expand business expertise and focus on new product launches to expand business expertise.The cryptocurrency exchange platform market is segmented by type into centralized exchange and decentralized exchange. The centralized exchange market was the largest segment of the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by type  accounting for 96.23% or $33.65 billion of the total in 2023. Going forward  the decentralized exchange segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment in the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by type  at a CAGR of 28.59% during 2023-2028.The cryptocurrency exchange platform market is segmented by cryptocurrency type into Bitcoin  Ethereum  Tether  USD coin and other cryptocurrency types. The Bitcoin market was the largest segment of the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by cryptocurrency type  accounting for 40.14% or $14.03 billion of the total in 2023. Going forward  the other cryptocurrency types segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment in the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by cryptocurrency type  at a CAGR of 27.98% during 2023-2028.The cryptocurrency exchange platform market is segmented by end-use into commercial and personal. The commercial market was the largest segment of the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by end-use  accounting for 68.94% or $24.11 billion of the total in 2023. Going forward  the commercial segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment in the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by end-use  at a CAGR of 26.45% during 2023-2028.The cryptocurrency exchange platform market is segmented by trading type into spot trading and derivatives trading. The spot trading market was the largest segment of the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by trading type  accounting for 66.25% or $23.17 billion of the total in 2023. Going forward  the derivatives trading segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment in the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by trading type  at a CAGR of 27.71% during 2023-2028.North America was the largest region in the cryptocurrency exchange platform market  accounting for 40.35% or $14.11 billion of the total in 2023. It was followed by Western Europe  Asia Pacific and then the other regions. Going forward  the fastest-growing regions in the cryptocurrency exchange platform market will be Asia Pacific and Western Europe where growth will be at CAGRs of 26.35% and 25.92% respectively. These will be followed by North America and South America where the markets are expected to grow at CAGRs of 25.60% and 24.73% respectively.The global cryptocurrency exchange platform market is highly concentrated  with large players operating in the market. The top ten competitors in the market made up to 77.63% of the total market in 2023. Binance (BAM Trading Services Inc) was the largest competitor with a 48.04% share of the market  followed by Coinbase Global Inc with 8.89%  Crypto.com (Foris DAX Asia Pte Ltd) with 6.00%  OKX (OK Group) with 4.29%  Kraken (Payward Inc) with 3.15%  Bybit Fintech Limited with 2.14%  Luno Pte Ltd with 1.93%  MEXC (Multi-Exchange Community) with 1.93%  eToro Group Ltd with 0.72% and CEX.IO Ltd with 0.55%.Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform Market OpportunitiesTo take advantage of the opportunities  the analyst recommends the cryptocurrency exchange platform companies to focus on decentralized exchanges for growth  focus on integrating artificial intelligence for growth  focus on application programming interfaces for growth  focus on derivatives trading for growth  focus on other cryptocurrency types for growth  expand in emerging markets  continue to focus on developed markets  provide competitively priced offerings  participate in trade shows and events  continue to use B2B promotions and focus on the commercial market for growth.The top opportunities in the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by type will arise in the centralized exchange segment  which will gain $70.82 billion of global annual sales by 2028.The top opportunities in the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by cryptocurrency type will arise in the bitcoin segment  which will gain $31.68 billion of global annual sales by 2028.The top opportunities in the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by trading type will arise in the spot trading segment  which will gain $45.83 billion of global annual sales by 2028.The top opportunities in the cryptocurrency exchange platform market segmented by end-use will arise in the commercial segment  which will gain $53.83 billion of global annual sales by 2028. The cryptocurrency exchange platform market size will gain the most in the USA at $27.59 billion.Major Market TrendsTransition to Decentralized Exchanges (DEXs) For Enhanced Security  Transparency and Asset ControlIntegration of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to Enhance Trading  Security and User ExperienceExpansion of APIs For Enhanced Integration and FunctionalityKey Mergers and AcquisitionsOSL Group Acquired CoinBestCoinDCX Acquired BitOasisOANDA Acquired CoinpassBinance Acquired TokocryptoBinance Acquired Sakura Exchange BitCoin (SEBC)Bit2Me Acquired FluyezKey Attributes:Report Attribute Details No. of Pages 321 Forecast Period 2023 - 2033 Estimated Market Value (USD) in 2023 $34.97 Billion Forecasted Market Value (USD) by 2033 $352.02 Billion Compound Annual Growth Rate 26.0% Regions Covered GlobalKey Topics Covered:1. Executive Summary1.1 Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform - Market Attractiveness and Macro economic Landscape2. Table of Contents3. List of Tables4. List of Figures5. Report Structure6. Market Characteristics6.1 General Market Definition6.2 Summary6.3 Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform Market Definition and Segmentations6.4 Market Segmentation by Type6.4.1 Centralized Exchange6.4.2 Decentralized Exchange6.5 Market Segmentation by Trading Type6.5.1 Spot Trading6.5.2 Derivatives Trading6.6 Market Segmentation by Cryptocurrency Type6.6.1 Bitcoin6.6.2 Ethereum6.6.3 Tether6.6.4 USD Coin6.6.5 Other Cryptocurrency Types6.7 Market Segmentation by End-Use6.7.1 Commercial6.7.2 PersonalCompanies FeaturedBinance (BAM Trading Services Inc)Coinbase Global IncCrypto.com (Foris DAX Asia Pte Ltd)OKX (OK Group)Kraken (Payward Inc)Bybit Fintech LimitedLuno Pte LtdMEXC (Multi-Exchange Community)eToro Group LtdCEX.IO LtdBingXVOOXS.BLOXDelta ExchangeCoinSwitchWazirXMox BankRevolutN26MudrexWinklevoss Capital ManagementDeutsche BoerseTokeroPurpose InvestmentsBitgetCoinsquareBitbuyNewtonBitsoVolabitMexoBitlemGeminiBitstampPaxosBlockFiBittrexMercado PagoItau UnibancoRippleBancolombiaRipioBitexMercado BitcoinFoxbitNovaDAXFlowBTCNobidexParibuValiCoinIranBiteToroCoinmamaBit2CBitOasisCoinMENAKoinimBitcoin EgyptB4UTradeQuidaxBuyCoinsPaxfulCoinvestVALRIce3XFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/nixqk5About ResearchAndMarkets.comResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets  key industries  the top companies  new products and the latest trends.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['350+ Bn Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform Market Opportunities', 'Decentralized Exchanges DEXs', 'Strategies', 'Transition', 'Integration', 'AI', 'Expansion', 'APIs', 'Foris DAX Asia Pte Ltd', 'Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform Market Opportunities', 'global cryptocurrency exchange platform market', 'BAM Trading Services Inc', 'other cryptocurrency types segment', 'compound annual growth rate', 'Coinbase Global Inc', 'centralized exchange market', 'rising disposable income', 'favorable government initiatives', 'new product launches', 'top ten competitors', 'decentralized exchange segment', 'fastest growing segment', 'spot trading market', 'strong economic growth', 'digital payments adoption', 'derivatives trading segment', 'The Bitcoin market', 'Asia Pacific', 'other regions', 'commercial market', 'largest segment', 'growing popularity', 'growing adoption', 'growing regions', 'digital assets', 'total market', 'decentralized exchanges', 'commercial segment', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'major economies', 'historic period', 'increasing adoption', 'internet penetration', 'fraud risks', 'user trust', 'asset control', 'artificial intelligence', 'user experience', 'strategic partnerships', 'business expertise', 'USD coin', 'trading type', 'North America', 'Western Europe', 'South America', 'large players', 'largest competitor', 'Crypto.com', 'OK Group', 'Market-trend-based strategies', 'Player-adopted strategies', 'emerging markets', 'largest region', 'enhanced security', 'Dublin', 'report', 'ResearchAndMarkets', 'offering', 'value', 'CAGR', '2033F', 'forecast', 'smartphones', 'Factors', 'cryptocurrencies', 'population', 'urbanization', 'rise', 'future', 'focus', 'transition', 'DEXs', 'transparency', 'integration', 'AI', 'expansion', 'APIs', 'functionality', 'Ethereum', 'Tether', 'end-use', 'Binance', '48.04% share', 'OKX', 'Kraken', 'Payward', '25.', '28.', '27.', '68.', '26.', '66.', '40.']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,globenewswire.com
48792,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2025/02/13/german-stock-exchange-operator-reports-growth-eyes-2026-targets,German stock exchange operator reports growth  eyes 2026 targets,Germany's stock exchange operator  Deutsche Boerse AG  reported robust growth in 2024 and remains on track to achieve its 2026 targets  the company announced on Wednesday.,"FRANKFURT  Feb. 12 (Xinhua) -- Germany's stock exchange operator  Deutsche Boerse AG  reported robust growth in 2024 and remains on track to achieve its 2026 targets  the company announced on Wednesday.Speaking at the company's annual press conference in Frankfurt  CEO Stephan Leithner highlighted significant revenue gains while acknowledging challenges ahead. ""2025 will be a year full of challenges... marked by continued weak growth in Europe  the return of protectionism worldwide  and geopolitical tensions "" he said.Deutsche Boerse AG recorded a 15 percent increase in both net revenue and earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortization (EBITDA) last year. Net revenue rose to 5.829 billion euros (6.07 billion U.S. dollars)  while EBITDA reached 3.396 billion euros.The company has launched a new 500-million-euro share buyback program and proposed a dividend of four euros per share. Confident in continued growth  Leithner said  ""We are well on track to achieve our strategic and financial targets for 2026.""For 2025  Deutsche Boerse expects further organic growth  projecting net revenue (excluding treasury results) of approximately 5.2 billion euros and EBITDA (excluding treasury results) of around 2.7 billion euros.""With Deutsche Boerse  Europe has an operator of critical capital market infrastructure across the board that plays a role on a global level "" Leithner said.The Frankfurt Stock Exchange  run by Deutsche Boerse  remains the third-largest stock exchange in Europe  following the London Stock Exchange and Euronext in Paris. (1 euro = 1.04 U.S. dollars)",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.3,0.41,True,English,"['German stock exchange operator', 'growth', '2026 targets', 'new 500-million-euro share buyback program', 'critical capital market infrastructure', 'billion U.S. dollars', 'The Frankfurt Stock Exchange', '1.04 U.S. dollars', 'largest stock exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'annual press conference', 'stock exchange operator', 'significant revenue gains', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'CEO Stephan Leithner', '5.829 billion euros', '3.396 billion euros', '5.2 billion euros', '2.7 billion euros', 'net revenue', 'robust growth', 'weak growth', 'geopolitical tensions', '15 percent increase', 'four euros', 'organic growth', 'treasury results', 'global level', 'continued growth', 'financial targets', '2026 targets', 'Feb.', 'Xinhua', 'Germany', 'track', 'company', 'Wednesday', 'challenges', 'year', 'Europe', 'return', 'protectionism', 'earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'EBITDA', 'dividend', 'strategic', 'board', 'role', 'third', 'Euronext', 'Paris', '2025']",2025-02-13,2025-02-12,thestar.com.my
48793,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.worldenergynews.com/news/eex-gains-new-members-with-the-addition-757671,EEX gains new members with the addition of more OTC trading,The European Energy Exchange EEX is expecting a strong volume increase in 2025  as more market players join the exchange to,"The European Energy Exchange EEX is expecting a strong volume increase in 2025  as more market players join the exchange to hedge renewables or use the clearing functions. This was stated by its CEO at the E-World trade show.Peter Reitz  CEO of the exchange  said that in a recent interview  it had seen a 37% increase in its European power futures volumes in January. These have grown by 63% over 2024.Reitz stated that there are two main drivers for the growth of the exchange: new members  and a shift in market volume from over-the-counter markets (OTC).He noted that increasing digitalisation has led to algorithmic trading.In 2024  60 new companies will be added to the EEX. This brings the total number of 950.Reitz is the head of the 25-year old wholesale trading platform that contributes 10% to the revenue of its parent company  Deutsche Boerse. He stated that EEX would widen its lead in the over-the counter business.Reitz stated that ""there is a shift to the Deutsche Boerse Clearing House  away from cleared brokerage trades...I expect the trend to continue.""He said that the EEX has increased its market share of German power futures from 81% a few years ago to 85% by 2024  and the rest is OTC.Since the 2008 Financial Crisis  OTC clients have increasingly turned to regulated markets to comply with European Union rules on financial transactions  reduce counterparty risk  and save money by bundling fees across products and geographical regions.Reitz stated that EEX is planning to offer ""Mon-Sun Peak Power Futures""  in Spain  later this month. This will take into account the increasing solar power generation in southern Europe.EEX's overall electricity trading volume increased by 43% to 12 371 terawatt-hours (TWh) last year. Volumes in January were up 37%  at 1 188 TWh.Reitz refused to provide a volume forecast  citing the difficulty of estimating geopolitical risk and the variety of energy mix. Vera Eckert reported  Jane Merriman edited.(source: Reuters)",neutral,0.19,0.81,0.0,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['new members', 'OTC trading', 'EEX', 'addition', '25-year old wholesale trading platform', 'The European Energy Exchange EEX', 'Mon-Sun Peak Power Futures', 'increasing solar power generation', 'overall electricity trading volume', 'European power futures volumes', 'Deutsche Boerse Clearing House', 'German power futures', 'European Union rules', 'E-World trade show', 'two main drivers', 'strong volume increase', 'algorithmic trading', 'energy mix', 'clearing functions', 'increasing digitalisation', 'market volume', 'volume forecast', 'market players', 'recent interview', 'new members', 'counter markets', '60 new companies', 'total number', 'parent company', 'counter business', 'brokerage trades', 'market share', '2008 Financial Crisis', 'regulated markets', 'financial transactions', 'counterparty risk', 'geographical regions', 'southern Europe', 'geopolitical risk', 'Vera Eckert', 'Jane Merriman', 'OTC clients', 'Peter Reitz', '37% increase', 'renewables', 'CEO', 'January', 'growth', 'shift', 'head', 'revenue', 'lead', 'trend', 'rest', 'money', 'fees', 'products', 'Spain', 'account', '12,371 terawatt-hours', 'TWh', 'difficulty', 'variety', 'source', 'Reuters']",2025-02-12,2025-02-12,worldenergynews.com
48794,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/economy/deutsche-boerse-stock-edges-higher-as-fy25-guidance-meets-consensus/ar-AA1ySNRU,Deutsche Boerse stock edges higher as FY25 guidance meets consensus,Shares of Deutsche Boerse (ETR:DB1Gn.DE) climbed 1% as the company reported fourth-quarter earnings that aligned with consensus estimates and provided FY25 guidance that met market expectations. The company's EBITDA exceeded analyst predictions by 3% ,Shares of Deutsche Boerse (ETR:DB1Gn.DE) climbed 1% as the company reported fourth-quarter earnings that aligned with consensus estimates and provided FY25 guidance that met market expectations. The company's EBITDA exceeded analyst predictions by 3% ,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse stock', 'FY25 guidance', 'consensus', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DB1Gn.DE', 'fourth-quarter earnings', 'consensus estimates', 'FY25 guidance', 'market expectations', 'analyst predictions', 'Shares', 'ETR', 'company', 'EBITDA']",2025-02-12,2025-02-12,msn.com
48795,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/general/underlying-economic-issues-in-europe-are-significant-says-deutsche-b%C3%B6rse-ceo/vi-AA1ySPyy,Underlying economic issues in Europe are significant  says Deutsche Börse CEO,Stephan Leithner  CEO of Deutsche Börse  discusses the firm's fourth-quarter earnings  international investment in Germany and the global economy.,Stephan Leithner  CEO of Deutsche Börse  discusses the firm's fourth-quarter earnings  international investment in Germany and the global economy.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse CEO', 'economic issues', 'Europe', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Stephan Leithner', 'fourth-quarter earnings', 'international investment', 'global economy', 'CEO', 'firm', 'Germany']",2025-02-12,2025-02-12,msn.com
48796,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/deutsche-boerse-0h3t-gets-a-buy-from-warburg-research-1034347242,Deutsche Boerse (0H3T) Gets a Buy from Warburg Research,In a report released today  Andreas Plaesier from Warburg Research maintained a Buy rating on Deutsche Boerse (0H3T – Research Report)  with a,In a report released today  Andreas Plaesier from Warburg Research maintained a Buy rating on Deutsche Boerse (0H3T – Research Report)  with a price target of €255.00. The company’s shares closed yesterday at €242.82.Maximize Your Portfolio with Data Driven Insights:Leverage the power of TipRanks' Smart Score  a data-driven tool to help you uncover top performing stocks and make informed investment decisions.Monitor your stock picks and compare them to top Wall Street Analysts' recommendations with Your Smart PortfolioAccording to TipRanks  Plaesier is ranked #671 out of 9369 analysts.In addition to Warburg Research  Deutsche Boerse also received a Buy from UBS’s Michael Werner in a report issued today. However  on the same day  Goldman Sachs maintained a Hold rating on Deutsche Boerse (LSE: 0H3T).0H3T market cap is currently €43.8B and has a P/E ratio of 24.69.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Warburg Research', 'Buy', ""top Wall Street Analysts' recommendations"", 'top performing stocks', 'Data Driven Insights', 'informed investment decisions', '0H3T market cap', 'Warburg Research', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'price target', 'Smart Score', 'data-driven tool', 'stock picks', 'Michael Werner', 'same day', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Hold rating', 'P/E ratio', 'Andreas Plaesier', 'Buy rating', 'Smart Portfolio', 'Research Report', '9369 analysts', 'company', 'shares', 'power', 'TipRanks', 'addition', 'UBS', 'LSE']",2025-02-12,2025-02-12,markets.businessinsider.com
48797,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/eex-gets-members-more-over-091430128.html,EEX gets new members as more over-the-counter trading comes on board,European energy exchange EEX expects strong volume growth in 2025 as more market participants join to hedge renewables and tap into the exchange's clearing functions  its chief executive said during the E-World trade fair.,"By Vera EckertESSEN  Germany (Reuters) - European energy exchange EEX expects strong volume growth in 2025 as more market participants join to hedge renewables and tap into the exchange's clearing functions  its chief executive said during the E-World trade fair.The exchange recorded 37% year-on-year growth in volumes of its flagship European power futures in January  which had grown 63% across 2024  CEO Peter Reitz said in an interview with Reuters.""There are two drivers: new members and more over-the-counter (OTC) market volumes shifting to the exchange "" Reitz said.He said that the volatility of wind and solar electricity production was creating short-term supply risks  and thus hedging needs  also noting increasing digitisation resulting in algorithmic trading.Some 60 companies joined the EEX in 2024 to make a total of 950.Reitz heads the 25-year-old wholesale trading platform which contributes 10% to the turnover of its parent Deutsche Boerse. He said EEX will widen its lead over the over-the-counter business.""There is a move to the Deutsche Boerse clearing house  away from uncleared brokerage trades...I see the shift continuing "" Reitz said.The EEX increased its market share in German power futures to 85% in 2024 on the exchange from 81% a year earlier  with the remainder OTC  he said.Since the 2008 financial crisis  OTC customers have been turning more to regulated marketplaces to comply with European Union financial rules  reduce counterparty risks  and try to save money on fees bundled across products and regions.EEX will offer new ""Mon-Sun Peak Power Futures"" in Spain later this month to account for southern Europe's rising solar generation  Reitz said.EEX overall electricity trading volumes rose 43% last year to 12 371 terawatt hours (TWh). January volume was up 37% at 1 188 TWh.Asked for a volume forecast for 2025  Reitz declined  pointing to hard-to-gauge geopolitical risks and varying energy mixes.(Reporting by Vera Eckert  editing by Jane Merriman)",neutral,0.11,0.89,0.0,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['new members', 'counter trading', 'EEX', 'board', 'new ""Mon-Sun Peak Power Futures', 'EEX overall electricity trading volumes', 'flagship European power futures', '25-year-old wholesale trading platform', 'European Union financial rules', 'Deutsche Boerse clearing house', 'German power futures', 'solar electricity production', 'E-World trade fair', 'uncleared brokerage trades', 'rising solar generation', 'varying energy mixes', 'short-term supply risks', 'European energy exchange', 'strong volume growth', 'CEO Peter Reitz', 'algorithmic trading', 'new members', 'clearing functions', '2008 financial crisis', 'year growth', 'counterparty risks', 'volume forecast', 'geopolitical risks', 'Vera Eckert', 'market participants', 'chief executive', 'two drivers', 'hedging needs', 'increasing digitisation', 'market share', 'remainder OTC', 'OTC customers', 'regulated marketplaces', 'southern Europe', '12,371 terawatt hours', 'Jane Merriman', 'January volume', 'The EEX', 'counter business', 'ESSEN', 'Germany', 'Reuters', 'renewables', 'interview', 'volatility', 'wind', '60 companies', 'total', 'turnover', 'parent', 'lead', 'move', 'shift', 'money', 'fees', 'products', 'regions', 'Spain', '1,188 TWh', 'gauge', '2025']",2025-02-12,2025-02-12,uk.finance.yahoo.com
48798,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/ubs-keeps-their-buy-rating-on-deutsche-boerse-0h3t-1034346674,UBS Keeps Their Buy Rating on Deutsche Boerse (0H3T),UBS analyst Michael Werner maintained a Buy rating on Deutsche Boerse (0H3T – Research Report) today and set a price target of €260.00. The,UBS analyst Michael Werner maintained a Buy rating on Deutsche Boerse (0H3T – Research Report) today and set a price target of €260.00. The company’s shares closed yesterday at €242.82.Maximize Your Portfolio with Data Driven Insights:Leverage the power of TipRanks' Smart Score  a data-driven tool to help you uncover top performing stocks and make informed investment decisions.Monitor your stock picks and compare them to top Wall Street Analysts' recommendations with Your Smart PortfolioAccording to TipRanks  Werner is ranked #1798 out of 9369 analysts.In addition to UBS  Deutsche Boerse also received a Buy from Kepler Capital ‘s Tobias Lukesch in a report issued on February 6. However  today  Goldman Sachs maintained a Hold rating on Deutsche Boerse (LSE: 0H3T).Based on Deutsche Boerse’s latest earnings release for the quarter ending June 30  the company reported a quarterly revenue of €3.48 billion and a net profit of €996.2 million. In comparison  last year the company earned a revenue of €1.45 billion and had a net profit of €443.2 million,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Buy Rating', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'UBS', ""top Wall Street Analysts' recommendations"", 'UBS analyst Michael Werner', 'top performing stocks', 'Data Driven Insights', 'informed investment decisions', 'latest earnings release', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'price target', 'Smart Score', 'data-driven tool', 'stock picks', 'Kepler Capital', 'Tobias Lukesch', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Hold rating', 'net profit', 'Buy rating', 'Research Report', 'Smart Portfolio', 'quarterly revenue', '9369 analysts', 'H3T', 'company', 'shares', 'power', 'TipRanks', 'addition', 'February', 'LSE', 'June', 'comparison']",2025-02-12,2025-02-12,markets.businessinsider.com
48799,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/104282/dnb-signs-up-for-worldlines-swift-service-bureau,DNB signs up for Worldline's Swift Service Bureau,Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  partners with DNB Bank ASA  the largest financial services group in Norway.,"Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  partners with DNB Bank ASA  the largest financial services group in Norway.0DNB will leverage Worldline's Swift Instant Connectivity to TIPS (TARGET Instant Payment Settlement) to enhance its payment infrastructure and provide seamless  reliable and real-time payment services to its clients.Worldline’s Swift Service Bureau (SSB) ensures secure and efficient connectivity to TIPS  employing a robust and highly reliable technical infrastructure designed to meet the demands of instant payments and the required service level as driven by the EU Instant Payments regulation. By choosing Worldline’s solution  DNB is equipped to deliver faster  more efficient international pan-European payments and uninterrupted service to individuals  businesses and institutions.Future-proof connectivityThe solution connects banks to pan-European market infrastructures  which increases their overall reach for instant payments throughout the EU and directly contributes to their long-term growth. Additionally  the Swift connectivity is fully managed by Worldline  and the service is completely aligned with the Eurosystem’s standards  providing secure and compliant connectivity while delivering exceptional performance.Positioning for broader market impactThis long-term partnership underlines Worldline's growing presence in the Nordic financial market  cementing its position as a trusted partner for outsourcing advanced  real-time payment solutions. As a trusted partner  Worldline aims to support other banks in the region  encouraging them to consider outsourcing payment services to improve efficiency and ensure readiness for instant payments.""Worldline is proud to partner with DNB and empower their connectivity to TIPS with our SwiftNet Instant Connectivity "" said Sheri Brandon Head of New Business  Financial Services at Worldline. ""This collaboration reflects our commitment to empowering financial institutions in the Nordics with state-of-the-art payment solutions that drive innovation and growth.""""In today’s fast-paced financial landscape  instant and reliable payments are becoming more and more relevant"" said Jari Jakobsen  Swift Tech Lead at DNB. "" Worldline is a perfect fit for DNB when implementing SwiftNet Instant for TIPS  enabling our customers to perform secure and reliable real-time payments in Euro. We look forward to a close and proactive relationship with Worldline.”",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Swift Service Bureau', 'DNB', 'Worldline', 'TARGET Instant Payment Settlement', 'largest financial services group', 'efficient international pan-European payments', 'advanced, real-time payment solutions', 'EU Instant Payments regulation', 'pan-European market infrastructures', 'broader market impact', 'Sheri Brandon Head', 'real-time payment services', 'outsourcing payment services', 'Nordic financial market', 'reliable real-time payments', 'reliable technical infrastructure', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'Swift Service Bureau', 'SwiftNet Instant Connectivity', 'Swift Instant Connectivity', 'payment infrastructure', 'reliable payments', 'efficient connectivity', 'financial landscape', 'seamless, reliable', 'Swift connectivity', 'Future-proof connectivity', 'compliant connectivity', 'financial institutions', 'global leader', 'service level', 'faster, more', 'uninterrupted service', 'overall reach', 'exceptional performance', 'long-term partnership', 'growing presence', 'trusted partner', 'New Business', 'Jari Jakobsen', 'Tech Lead', 'perfect fit', 'proactive relationship', 'long-term growth', 'other banks', 'Worldline', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'Norway', 'TIPS', 'clients', 'SSB', 'secure', 'robust', 'demands', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'Eurosystem', 'standards', 'Positioning', 'region', 'efficiency', 'readiness', 'collaboration', 'commitment', 'Nordics', 'state', 'innovation', 'today', 'customers', 'close']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,finextra.com
48800,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/15e4d478dda6365d,Euronext collaborates with Euroclear to bolster collateral management offering,Euronext and Euroclear have collaborated to support the development of Euronext Clearing’s collateral management services for repo and other asset classes. Anthony AttiaThe development comes as part of Euronext’s plan to expand its Italian repo clearing fra…,Euronext and Euroclear have collaborated to support the development of Euronext Clearing’s collateral management services for repo and other asset classes.Anthony AttiaThe development comes as part of Euronext’s plan to expand its Italian repo clearing franchise to a wider range of…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2025-02-11 10:31:35.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['collateral management offering', 'Euronext', 'Euroclear', 'Italian repo clearing franchise', 'collateral management services', 'other asset classes', 'Euronext Clearing', 'Anthony Attia', 'wider range', 'Euroclear', 'development', 'part', 'plan', 'story', 'thetradenews.']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,biztoc.com
48801,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/11/3023911/0/en/Reporting-on-acquisition-of-treasury-shares.html,Reporting on acquisition of treasury shares,Regulated information  Aalst  Belgium  February 11  2025 – In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of April 2  2019 executing the Belgian...,Regulated informationAalst  Belgium  February 11  2025 – In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of April 2  2019 executing the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  Ontex hereby discloses information in relation to its program to buy back treasury shares  which was announced on November 25  2024.During the work week ending on February 7  2025  Ontex repurchased 105 668 shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  as set out in the table below. As a result of these transactions  Ontex now holds 1 655 712 treasury shares  representing 2.01% of the total number of issued shares.Date # shares Averageprice (in €) Minimumprice (in €) Maximumprice (in €) Total value(in €) 03/02/2025 22 000 7.925 7.890 7.970 174 350 04/02/2025 24 348 7.935 7.910 7.950 193 195 05/02/2025 24 000 7.881 7.860 7.900 189 150 06/02/2025 21 144 7.931 7.880 8.000 167 695 07/02/2025 14 176 7.882 7.880 7.910 111 737On December 2  2024 Ontex launched a share buy-back program to acquire a maximum of 1.5 million shares. Upon completion of the program the number of treasury shares is to raise from 1.35% to 3.17% of the total number of issued shares. The shares acquired will contribute to meeting Ontex’s obligations under its current and future long-term incentive plans. The share purchases will be spread over a seven-month period ending on June 30  2025. The program is conducted under the terms and conditions of the authorization granted by the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on May 5  2023  and is executed by an independent intermediary  who will make its decisions independently pursuant to a discretionary mandate.EnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Catherine Weyne +32 53 33 36 22 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of baby  feminine and adult care products  both for retailers and the healthcare sector. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through retailers and healthcare providers. Employing some 7 200 people  Ontex has a presence in 14 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussel and is a constituent of the Bel Mid® index. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['treasury shares', 'Reporting', 'acquisition', 'future long-term incentive plans', 'extraordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'Media Catherine Weyne', 'leading international developer', 'Bel Mid® index', 'adult care products', 'share buy-back program', 'share purchases', 'innovative products', 'Royal Decree', 'Belgian Code', 'work week', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Average price', 'Minimum price', 'Total value', 'seven-month period', 'independent intermediary', 'discretionary mandate', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'healthcare sector', 'healthcare providers', 'latest news', 'total number', 'Regulated information', 'Maximum price', 'treasury shares', '1.5 million shares', 'ontex.com', '105,668 shares', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'February', 'accordance', 'article', 'April', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'relation', 'November', 'table', 'result', 'transactions', 'December', 'completion', 'obligations', 'current', 'June', 'terms', 'conditions', 'authorization', 'May', 'decisions', 'Enquiries', 'Investors', 'ontexglobal', 'communications', 'producer', 'feminine', 'retailers', '100 countries', '7,200 people', 'presence', '14 countries', 'headquarters', 'constituent', 'LinkedIn', 'Attachment', '€']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,globenewswire.com
48802,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/11/3024436/0/en/Melexis-update-on-the-share-buy-back-program.html,Melexis: update on the share buy-back program,Press release - Regulated Information    Ieper  Belgium – 11 February 2025  17.45 hrs CET  Further to the initiation of the share buy-back program......,Press release - Regulated InformationIeper  Belgium – 11 February 2025  17.45 hrs CETFurther to the initiation of the share buy-back program announced on 10 December 2024  Melexis reports the purchase of 16 000 Melexis shares on Euronext Brussels in the period from 6 to 7 February 2025.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'Melexis', 'update', 'share buy-back program', 'Press release', 'Regulated Information', '17.45 hrs CET', 'Euronext Brussels', '16,000 Melexis shares', 'Ieper', 'Belgium', '11 February', 'initiation', '10 December', 'purchase', 'period', '6 to', '7 February']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,globenewswire.com
48803,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/11/3024417/0/en/Landsbankinn-hf-Landsbankinn-issues-AT1-securities.html,Landsbankinn hf.: Landsbankinn issues AT1 securities,Today  Landsbankinn completed the sale of Additional Tier 1 (AT1) securities in the amount of USD 100 million. This marks the Bank’s inaugural AT1 securities issuance  with the securities sold to investors at a fixed interest rate of 8.125%.,Today  Landsbankinn completed the sale of Additional Tier 1 (AT1) securities in the amount of USD 100 million. This marks the Bank’s inaugural AT1 securities issuance  with the securities sold to investors at a fixed interest rate of 8.125%.Total demand was strong  exceeding USD 400 million  with participation from over 70 investors from the US  Europe and Asia.Lilja B. Einarsdóttir  CEO of Landsbankinn: “This issuance is a further step towards optimisation of the Bank’s capital structure  simultaneously strengthening our capital base and diversifying our funding sources. The favourable terms and strong demand in today’s issuance reflect the Bank’s solid access to international markets.”The securities have no fixed maturity date but are callable by the issuer after 5.5 years. They are subordinated to all other claims  except equity. The expected credit rating of the AT1 securities is BB from S&P Global Ratings. The aim is to list the securities on Euronext Dublin as of 18 February 2025.Bank of America  Citibank and JP Morgan acted as joint managers for the issuance.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['AT1 securities', 'Landsbankinn', 'Lilja B. Einarsdóttir', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'inaugural AT1 securities issuance', 'fixed interest rate', 'fixed maturity date', 'expected credit rating', 'AT1) securities', 'Additional Tier 1', 'Total demand', 'capital structure', 'capital base', 'funding sources', 'favourable terms', 'strong demand', 'solid access', 'international markets', 'other claims', 'Euronext Dublin', 'JP Morgan', 'joint managers', 'Landsbankinn', 'sale', 'amount', 'USD', 'investors', 'participation', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'CEO', 'step', 'optimisation', 'issuer', '5.5 years', 'equity', 'BB', '18 February', 'America', 'Citibank', '8.1']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,globenewswire.com
48804,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/11/3024303/0/en/Briarwood-Chase-Management-increases-holding-in-French-AI-firm-Sidetrade-as-it-accelerates-in-the-US.html,Briarwood Chase Management increases holding in French AI firm Sidetrade as it accelerates in the US,Sidetrade  the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash applications  announces that Briarwood Chase Management has increased its stake in the listed company  now holding over 5% of capital since year end 2024.,Sidetrade  the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash applications  announces that Briarwood Chase Management has increased its stake in the listed company  now holding over 5% of capital since year end 2024.Briarwood Chase Management  a prominent US-based investment firm  has surpassed the 5% ownership threshold in Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA). The decision to build its shareholding follows a comprehensive analysis of the SaaS leader’s economic model and a meeting at Sidetrade’s headquarters  solidifying the firm's confidence in the CEO’s visionary leadership  its AI roadmap and market potential.Robert Blatt  Managing Director of Briarwood Chase Management  said: “Our position in Sidetrade underscores our commitment to investing in exceptional businesses and management teams. Sidetrade’s strategic focus on and growth in North America  and exceptional margin potential align with our investment philosophy. In today’s economic environment  Sidetrade distinguishes itself as a robust and high-quality SaaS player  offering built-in growth  strong revenue predictability and recurring income. Furthermore  its status as a sought-after contender in a consolidating market highlights its significant medium-term potential. We are looking forward to being long-term partners to the business and management team.”Sidetrade  recognized as a leader by top US technology research and consulting firms  is transforming the Order-to-Cash industry by simplifying the daily operations of financial leaders in large organizations to deliver immediate productivity improvements while securing and accelerating cash flow generation. This innovative approach sets new standards and redefines what’s possible in accounts receivable.“We are very excited to have the trust of Briarwood Chase Management in our growth journey”  Olivier Novasque  CEO of Sidetrade  commented. “After two years of rapid expansion to build a critical foothold in the US  2024 was a year of strategic consolidation  focusing on strengthening our foundations and fine-tuning our teams. With the US market showing exceptional momentum  we are reigniting investments in 2025 to seize this unparalleled opportunity and drive Sidetrade’s growth to the next level.”The rapid rise of generative AI and the growing demand for efficiency are leading businesses to adopt cutting-edge technologies like Sidetrade’s. At the heart of Sidetrade’s innovation is Aimie  the most unique AI which – powered by the Sidetrade Data Lake – drives smart customer insights and delivers value for businesses worldwide.Media relations @SidetradeBecca Parlby 00 44 7824 5055 84 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade (www.sidetrade.com)Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform designed to revolutionize how cash flow is secured and accelerated. Leveraging its next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  Sidetrade analyzes $6.1 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in its Cloud  thereby anticipating customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 38 million buyers worldwide. Aimie recommends the best operational strategies  dematerializes and intelligently automates Order-to-Cash processes to enhance productivity  results and working capital across organizations.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 400+ talented employees based in Europe  the United States and Canada  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Bidcorp  Biffa  Bunzl  Engie  Expedia  Inmarsat  KPMG  Lafarge  Manpower  Opentext  Page  Randstad  Saint-Gobain  Securitas  Sodexo  Tech Data  UGI  and Veolia.Sidetrade is a participant of the United Nations Global Compact  adhering to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow @Aimie on LinkedIn.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the English version is to be taken into account.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Briarwood Chase Management', 'French AI firm', 'holding', 'Sidetrade', 'US', 'top US technology research', 'prominent US-based investment firm', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'strong revenue predictability', 'smart customer insights', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'best operational strategies', '400+ talented employees', 'Briarwood Chase Management', 'significant medium-term potential', 'high-quality SaaS player', 'exceptional margin potential', 'immediate productivity improvements', 'cash flow generation', 'Sidetrade Data Lake', 'investment philosophy', 'United States', 'market potential', 'management team', 'global reach', 'Tech Data', 'US market', 'exceptional momentum', 'SaaS platform', 'Cash applications', 'Cash industry', 'Cash processes', 'global leader', '5% ownership threshold', 'comprehensive analysis', 'SaaS leader', 'economic model', 'visionary leadership', 'AI roadmap', 'Robert Blatt', 'Managing Director', 'strategic focus', 'North America', 'economic environment', 'recurring income', 'consolidating market', 'long-term partners', 'consulting firms', 'daily operations', 'financial leaders', 'innovative approach', 'new standards', 'accounts receivable', 'Olivier Novasque', 'two years', 'rapid expansion', 'critical foothold', 'strategic consolidation', 'unparalleled opportunity', 'next level', 'rapid rise', 'generative AI', 'growing demand', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'unique AI', 'Media relations', 'Becca Parlby', 'next-generation AI', '$6.1 trillion worth', 'attrition risk', '38 million buyers', 'global businesses', 'principles-based approach', 'English versions', 'press release', 'exceptional businesses', 'Euronext Growth', 'large organizations', 'growth journey', 'working capital', 'responsible business', 'AI-powered Order', 'teams', 'stake', 'company', 'ALBFR', 'decision', 'shareholding', 'meeting', 'headquarters', 'confidence', 'CEO', 'position', 'commitment', 'today', 'robust', 'status', 'contender', 'trust', 'foundations', 'investments', 'efficiency', 'heart', 'innovation', 'Aimie', 'value', 'bparlby', 'Cloud', 'results', 'Europe', 'Canada', '85 countries', 'Bidcorp', 'Biffa', 'Bunzl', 'Engie', 'Expedia', 'Inmarsat', 'KPMG', 'Lafarge', 'Manpower', 'Opentext', 'Page', 'Randstad', 'Saint-Gobain', 'Securitas', 'Sodexo', 'UGI', 'Veolia', 'participant', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'French', 'Attachment']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,globenewswire.com
48805,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/104289/euronext-collaborates-with-euroclear-on-collateral-manaement-services,Euronext collaborates with Euroclear on collateral manaement services,Euronext has announced a new collaboration with Euroclear to support the development of Euronext Clearing’s collateral management services for repo and other asset classes.,"Euronext has announced a new collaboration with Euroclear to support the development of Euronext Clearing’s collateral management services for repo and other asset classes.0The initiative is a major step to enable Euronext’s ambition to expand its leading Italian repo clearing franchise to a large range of European government bonds bringing an efficient value offering to European and international clients.Euronext Clearing will use Euroclear as its first triparty agent to enable enhanced collateral management capabilities. Leveraging on Euroclear’s solutions  Euronext Clearing will offer clients automated  streamlined and flexible collateral solutions  improving operational efficiency and margin and balance sheet optimisation. Euroclear will act as an independent third party  managing the selection  valuation and substitution of collateral to ensure it meets eligibility criteria while optimising operational efficiency. It will also handle settlement and custody  provide regular reporting and ensure regulatory compliance  allowing clients to benefit from improved liquidity management and a reduced administrative burden.The support of Euroclear’s collateral management infrastructure  which handles an average in daily collateral  will strengthen Euronext Clearing’s ability to deliver efficient  scalable services that address the evolving needs of its clients  with additional partnerships expected to further reinforce this approach.This initiative builds on Euronext Clearing’s unique position in the Italian repo market  where it already clears a significant portion of MTS repo activity  and lays the foundation for the next phase of the Euronext Clearing repo expansion to new European geographies.Euronext Clearing has undergone remarkable development in the last three years  evolving from a domestic central clearing house into the third-largest European clearing house. The integration of clearing operations across multiple geographies  diverse markets and various asset classes has solidified Euronext Clearing’s position as a European leader.Collaborating with Euroclear will pave the way for the rollout of Euronext’s new repo clearing offering in June 2025  enabling the onboarding of clients including international banks  with an updated risk framework. Clients will be able to use Euroclear as a triparty agent for repo clearing.Anthony Attia  Global Head of Derivatives and Post-Trade at Euronext  said: “This partnership marks a significant milestone in Euronext’s “Innovate for Growth 2027” strategy  reinforcing Euronext Clearing’s role as a cornerstone of the group's broader strategic ambitions. It demonstrates our commitment to delivering best-in-class clearing and collateral management solutions for our clients. It is a key milestone in the expansion across Europe of Euronext Clearing’s repo franchise. As we develop Euronext Clearing’s services  we are creating value for stakeholders and positioning Euronext at the forefront of innovation in clearing and collateral management.""Marije Verhelst  Head of Product Strategy and Collateral Management and Securities Lending at Euroclear said: “Strengthening collaboration between market players is crucial for growth and stability in European capital markets. Euroclear has a long-standing track record of providing collateral management solutions across Europe and beyond. This initiative highlights the vital role of our global and neutral infrastructure in helping our clients optimise their collateral allocation  reducing fails and credit usage  and increasing flexibility and predictability for dealers.”",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['collateral manaement services', 'Euronext', 'Euroclear', 'leading Italian repo clearing franchise', 'domestic central clearing house', 'third-largest European clearing house', 'new repo clearing offering', 'Euronext Clearing repo expansion', 'Italian repo market', 'other asset classes', 'balance sheet optimisation', 'independent third party', 'MTS repo activity', 'last three years', 'various asset classes', 'broader strategic ambitions', 'standing track record', 'European government bonds', 'efficient value offering', 'efficient, scalable services', 'new European geographies', 'European capital markets', 'collateral management capabilities', 'first triparty agent', 'flexible collateral solutions', 'collateral management infrastructure', 'collateral management solutions', 'collateral management services', 'repo franchise', 'new collaboration', 'European leader', 'liquidity management', 'clearing operations', 'class clearing', 'multiple geographies', 'diverse markets', 'market players', 'neutral infrastructure', 'daily collateral', 'collateral allocation', 'major step', 'large range', 'automated, streamlined', 'operational efficiency', 'eligibility criteria', 'regular reporting', 'regulatory compliance', 'administrative burden', 'evolving needs', 'additional partnerships', 'significant portion', 'next phase', 'international banks', 'risk framework', 'Anthony Attia', 'significant milestone', 'key milestone', 'Marije Verhelst', 'Securities Lending', 'Strengthening collaboration', 'credit usage', 'unique position', 'remarkable development', 'Product Strategy', 'vital role', 'international clients', 'Global Head', '2027” strategy', 'Euroclear', 'initiative', 'margin', 'selection', 'valuation', 'substitution', 'settlement', 'custody', 'reduced', 'support', 'average', 'ability', 'approach', 'foundation', 'integration', 'way', 'rollout', 'June', 'onboarding', 'Derivatives', 'Post-Trade', 'Growth', 'cornerstone', 'group', 'commitment', 'stakeholders', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'long', 'fails', 'flexibility', 'dealers']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,finextra.com
48806,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/11/3024437/0/en/Bureau-Veritas-recognized-for-leading-effort-against-climate-change-entering-the-CDP-A-List.html,Bureau Veritas recognized for leading effort against climate change  entering the CDP “A List”,PRESS RELEASE  Paris – February 11th  2025  Bureau Veritas recognized for leading effort against climate change  entering the CDP “A List”  Bureau...,"PRESS RELEASEParis – February 11th  2025Bureau Veritas recognized for leading effort againstclimate change  entering the CDP “A List”Bureau Veritas is proud to announce that it has been included in the A list for Climate reporting in 2024 by the CDP. In a record-breaking year with 24.800+ corporations  representing more than two-thirds of the global market capitalization  Bureau Veritas ranks amongst the top-tier performers worldwide. Such recognition from one of the most prestigious climate corporate assessments underlines the Group’s strong engagement and commitment to tackling global warming.This accolade recognizes Bureau Veritas’ concrete actions to mitigate climate risk  accelerate energy transition and push towards a decarbonized economy as part of the Group’s LEAP | 28 strategy which puts sustainability at its core. The company has focused on reducing the carbon footprint of its business activities and is embarking on its 83 000 ""Trust Makers"" across the world  as well as its clients  partners and suppliers  on this critical journey.Alongside its own efforts to tackle climate change  Bureau Veritas is also a trusted partner to its clients  providing them with innovative near field solutions and support to measure  manage and reduce their environmental impact. One such innovative tool is ‘AiTrack’  Bureau Veritas' proprietary AI-powered platform that leverages advanced analytics to help organizations optimize their carbon footprint and sustainability performance.“At the end of 2025 we will celebrate the 10th anniversary of the Paris Climate Agreement  reminding us of the urgency to take action to avoid global warming beyond the 1.5°C target ” said Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas. “With our LEAP | 28 strategy  sustainability is more than ever at the heart of our daily concerns  challenging even more the way we operate. The inclusion of Bureau Veritas in the CDP’s ‘A-list’ reflects our commitments  as well as our transparency and impactful actions to reduce our environmental footprint  and to engage all our stakeholders in a virtuous circle of decarbonization.”This recognition follows Bureau Veritas’ ESG performance in the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) for 2024  which has placed the company as #2 among 184 companies in the Professional Services Industry category - which includes the TIC sector.***About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress. With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com..Attachment",neutral,0.15,0.84,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['CDP “A List', 'Bureau Veritas', 'leading effort', 'climate change', 'S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment', ""Bureau Veritas' proprietary AI-powered platform"", 'prestigious climate corporate assessments', 'innovative near field solutions', 'Professional Services Industry category', 'Bureau Veritas’ ESG performance', 'global market capitalization', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'laboratory testing services', 'CAC SBT 1.5° index', 'Paris Climate Agreement', 'CDP “A List', 'global warming', 'innovative tool', 'sustainability performance', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Climate reporting', 'climate risk', 'Compartment A', 'climate change', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'February 11th', 'leading effort', 'record-breaking year', '24.800+ corporations', 'top-tier performers', 'strong engagement', 'concrete actions', 'energy transition', 'decarbonized economy', 'carbon footprint', 'business activities', 'critical journey', 'trusted partner', 'environmental impact', 'advanced analytics', '10th anniversary', '1.5°C target', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'daily concerns', 'impactful actions', 'environmental footprint', 'virtuous circle', 'TIC sector', 'powerful purpose', 'responsible progress', 'preferred partner', 'technical experts', 'environmental protection', 'Euronext Paris', 'SBF 120 indices', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'blockchain technology', 'Such recognition', '83,000 ""Trust Makers', 'customers’ excellence', 'world leader', 'two-thirds', 'Group', 'commitment', 'accolade', 'LEAP', '28 strategy', 'core', 'company', 'clients', 'partners', 'suppliers', 'efforts', 'support', 'AiTrack', 'organizations', 'end', 'urgency', 'heart', 'way', 'inclusion', 'transparency', 'stakeholders', 'decarbonization', 'CSA', '184 companies', 'inspection', 'certification', 'vision', '83,000 employees', '140 countries', 'challenges', 'health', 'safety', 'BVI.', 'information', 'bureauveritas', 'LinkedIn', 'wiztrust', 'Attachment']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,globenewswire.com
48807,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/11/3023891/0/en/Novonesis-to-acquire-dsm-firmenich-s-share-of-the-Feed-Enzyme-Alliance.html,Novonesis to acquire dsm-firmenich’s share of the Feed Enzyme Alliance,Novonesis has reached an agreement with dsm-firmenich to dissolve the Feed Enzyme Alliance and take over its sales and distribution activities  in exchange for a total cash consideration of EUR 1.5 billion. After more than 25 years of successful collaboration…,"Novonesis has reached an agreement with dsm-firmenich to dissolve the Feed Enzyme Alliance and take over its sales and distribution activities  in exchange for a total cash consideration of EUR 1.5 billion. After more than 25 years of successful collaboration  a strategic repositioning at dsm-firmenich allowed this opportunity to materialize. This acquisition is aligned with Novonesis’ growth strategy and expands its presence across the animal biosolutions value chain. Financially  this transaction is accretive to revenue growth  adjusted EBITDA margin and adjusted EPS excl. amortization  with attractive revenue synergies.Ester Baiget  CEO of Novonesis comments: “We are thrilled to announce the strategic acquisition of the full Feed Enzyme Alliance. Growing global protein demand  coupled with increasing land and water scarcity  requires innovative solutions. Now with an expanded presence across the animal biosolutions value chain  we are better positioned to create more value for customers with sustainable value adding biosolutions. This transaction underscores our commitment to driving growth  while also improving our EBITDA margin.""Dimitri de Vreeze  CEO of dsm-firmenich says: “The Alliance has been a great success for both companies  establishing a global leadership position in feed enzymes. I am confident that this business will continue to thrive under the leadership of Novonesis  and I am pleased that the long-term commercial relationship with our Animal Nutrition & Health business will continue.”Strategic rationaleDriving the complete value chain: Novonesis will vertically integrate the complete value chain of the Alliance  adding dsm-firmenich’s sales and distribution activities alongside its existing product innovation and production capabilities. The fully integrated business will be better equipped to serve existing and new customers with strong insights into core markets and product technologies enhancing R&D and unleashing further innovation.Enhances leading position in animal biosolutions: Novonesis  through the successful combination of Novozymes and Chr. Hansen  is now an industry leader in animal biosolutions with one consolidated go to market model and leading technological know-how. With this transaction Novonesis will have a greater customer reach and a broader offering of market leading biosolutions  combining enzymes and probiotics  for both animal nutrition and health.Attractive growth potential  further enhanced by revenue synergies: The total animal biosolutions market is projected to grow at a mid-single digit CAGR driven by growing protein demand  land scarcity and environmental concerns. This acquisition will accelerate Novonesis’ sales growth of animal biosolutions by a low-single-digit CAGR above market growth while also delivering adj. EBITDA margin accretion for the group. The attractive financial profile of the acquired business is enhanced through harvesting growth synergies and streamlining operations.Conference callFebruary 11  20258.30 CETPlease pre-registerfor the call here.WebcastTransaction overview and financial impactEUR 1.5 billion all cash purchase price for dsm-firmenich’s share of the Feed Enzymes Alliance.Close to 3% acquired revenue contribution on group level in the first full year  and ~5% for the Planetary Health division.Low-single-digit accretion to Novonesis’ animal biosolutions growth above mid-single-digit market growth in the mid-term.~70MEUR adj. EBITDA contribution on a first full year basis  leading to a ~0.5pp margin accretion on group level and ~1pp for the Planetary Health division in the first full year with further margin accretion in the following years.Low-single-digit % adjusted EPS (excluding amortization) accretion in first full year post closing; mid-single-digit % in year 3.100% debt financed (fully committed).Highly attractive cash conversion with limited incremental capital expenditure needs.Strong expected cash generation will provide for deleveraging to the target range of 1.3-1.7x NIBD/EBITDA within the next 2 years.No impact on expected dividend payouts.Novonesis will continue the long-term supply relationship with dsm-firmenich for their premix business.Subject to regulatory approvals  the transaction is expected to close in the course of 2025.About NovonesisNovonesis is a global company leading the era of biosolutions. By leveraging the power of microbiology with science  we transform the way the world produces  consumes and lives. In more than 30 industries  our biosolutions are already creating value for thousands of customers and benefiting the planet. Our 10 000 people worldwide work closely with our partners and customers to transform business with biology.About the Feed Enzyme AllianceThe Feed Enzyme Alliance was founded on a strong combination of two companies where Novonesis has contributed with extensive expertise in high-quality enzyme development and dsm-firmenich has offered a wide-reaching sales force with access to key industry customers. A strong relationship  business performance and high level of trust has made the Alliance a sound business for both parties.About dsm-firmenichAs innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  dsm-firmenich reinvents  manufactures  and combines vital nutrients  flavors  and fragrances for the world’s growing population to thrive. With its comprehensive range of solutions  with natural and renewable ingredients and renowned science and technology capabilities  the company work to create what is essential for life  desirable for consumers  and more sustainable for the planet. Dsm-firmenich is a Swiss-Dutch company  listed on the Euronext Amsterdam  with operations in almost 60 countries and revenues of more than €12 billion. With a diverse  worldwide team of nearly 30 000 employees  the company bring progress to life every day  everywhere  for billions of people. www.dsm-firmenich.com.Investor & analyst conference callNovonesis will host a conference call on February 11  2025  at 8.30 CET to discuss this announcement. Supplemental material that may be referenced during the teleconference will subsequently be available at Novonesis’ website.Contact informationInvestor RelationsTobias Bjorklund +45 3077 8682 tobb@novonesis.comAnders Enevoldsen +45 5350 1453 adev@novonesis.comKatrine Spedtsberg Poulsen kats@novonesis.comMedia RelationsBenjamin Hjorth +45 3077 2731 bht@novonesis.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.78,0.13,0.09,True,English,"['Feed Enzyme Alliance', 'Novonesis', 'dsm-firmenich', 'share', 'limited incremental capital expenditure needs', 'first full year post closing', 'first full year basis', 'Growing global protein demand', 'Strong expected cash generation', 'full Feed Enzyme Alliance', 'The Feed Enzyme Alliance', 'animal biosolutions value chain', 'total animal biosolutions market', 'growing protein demand', 'adj. EBITDA margin accretion', 'total cash consideration', 'Novonesis’ animal biosolutions growth', 'expected dividend payouts', 'high-quality enzyme development', 'cash purchase price', 'attractive cash conversion', 'complete value chain', 'Dimitri de Vreeze', 'one consolidated go', 'greater customer reach', '1.3-1.7x NIBD/EBITDA', 'long-term commercial relationship', 'Attractive growth potential', 'long-term supply relationship', 'mid-single digit CAGR', 'attractive financial profile', 'leading technological know-how', 'harvesting growth synergies', 'Planetary Health division', 'mid-single-digit market growth', 'Feed Enzymes Alliance', '~0.5pp margin accretion', 'reaching sales force', 'attractive revenue synergies', 'global leadership position', 'Novonesis’ growth strategy', 'key industry customers', 'existing product innovation', 'Novonesis’ sales growth', 'The Alliance', 'strong relationship', '~70MEUR adj', 'global company', 'revenue growth', 'Animal Nutrition', 'leading position', 'leading biosolutions', 'sustainable value', 'strong insights', 'product technologies', 'industry leader', 'low-single-digit CAGR', 'EBITDA contribution', 'strong combination', 'market model', 'Low-single-digit accretion', 'revenue contribution', 'distribution activities', 'successful collaboration', 'strategic repositioning', 'Ester Baiget', 'increasing land', 'water scarcity', 'innovative solutions', 'great success', 'Strategic rationale', 'production capabilities', 'core markets', 'R&D', 'successful combination', 'Chr. Hansen', 'broader offering', 'land scarcity', 'environmental concerns', 'financial impact', 'target range', 'regulatory approvals', 'extensive expertise', 'Health business', 'group level', 'following years', 'next 2 years', 'Novonesis comments', 'new customers', 'expanded presence', 'Conference call', 'two companies', 'integrated business', 'premix business', 'strategic acquisition', 'Transaction overview', '25 years', 'agreement', 'dsm-firmenich', 'exchange', 'opportunity', 'EPS', 'amortization', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'Novozymes', 'probiotics', 'operations', 'February', '8.30 CET', 'Webcast', 'share', 'mid-term', '~1pp', 'deleveraging', 'course', 'power', 'microbiology', 'science', 'way', 'world', 'lives', '30 industries', 'thousands', '10,000 people', 'partners', 'wide', 'access']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,globenewswire.com
48808,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/02/11/choreo-llc-grows-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Choreo LLC Grows Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Choreo LLC grew its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 7.2% in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 2 300 shares of the real estate in…,Choreo LLC grew its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 7.2% in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 2 300 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 155 shares during the quarter. Choreo LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $682 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Several other institutional investors and hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in PSA. Prospera Private Wealth LLC purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $34 000. Ashton Thomas Securities LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $38 000. Synergy Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter valued at approximately $38 000. Compagnie Lombard Odier SCmA acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $50 000. Finally  Harbor Capital Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $55 000. 78.79% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Wall Street Analyst Weigh InSeveral equities research analysts recently issued reports on PSA shares. Truist Financial upped their price target on Public Storage from $306.00 to $340.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday  December 5th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft raised Public Storage from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and upped their price target for the company from $298.00 to $299.00 in a research report on Friday  January 10th. Evercore ISI dropped their price target on Public Storage from $343.00 to $338.00 and set an “in-line” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday  October 14th. Royal Bank of Canada dropped their target price on Public Storage from $358.00 to $344.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research report on Friday  November 8th. Finally  Barclays dropped their target price on Public Storage from $380.00 to $361.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday  January 13th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  five have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. According to MarketBeat  Public Storage presently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $344.54.Insider ActivityIn other news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 450 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday  December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $317.99  for a total transaction of $143 095.50. Following the transaction  the insider now directly owns 2 364 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $751 728.36. This trade represents a 15.99 % decrease in their ownership of the stock. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock.Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of PSA opened at $303.40 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $53.13 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.51  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 4.88 and a beta of 0.74. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77  a quick ratio of 0.97 and a current ratio of 0.97. Public Storage has a one year low of $256.31 and a one year high of $369.99. The stock’s fifty day moving average is $304.09 and its 200-day moving average is $325.80.Public Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.62,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['Choreo LLC', 'Public Storage', 'Holdings', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Compagnie Lombard Odier SCmA', 'Harbor Capital Advisors Inc.', 'Wall Street Analyst Weigh', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'Prospera Private Wealth LLC', 'Synergy Asset Management LLC', 'fifty day moving average', 'Several other institutional investors', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Ashton Thomas Securities LLC', 'Several equities research analysts', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'Seven investment analysts', 'concise daily summary', '200-day moving average', 'recent 13F filing', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'recent SEC filing', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', '35% common equity interest', 'latest 13F filings', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Public Storage alerts', 'other hedge funds', 'average target price', 'strong buy rating', 'Choreo LLC', 'average price', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'other news', 'average rating', 'Free Report', 'price target', 'Royal Bank', 'SEC website', 'equity ratio', 'research report', 'Moderate Buy', 'latest news', 'Exchange Commission', 'new position', 'new stake', 'Truist Financial', 'Evercore ISI', 'sector perform', 'Corporate insiders', 'market capitalization', 'growth ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'one year', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'related companies', '4th quarter', '3rd quarter', 'sell” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'NYSE:PSA', 'additional 155 shares', 'Insider Activity', 'earnings ratio', 'United States', 'insider trades', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'total transaction', 'PSA shares', 'MarketBeat.com', '2,300 shares', 'PSA.', '450 shares', '2,364 shares', '40 states', 'holdings', 'stock', 'changes', 'positions', 'reports', 'Thursday', 'December', 'Friday', 'January', 'line', 'Monday', 'October', 'Canada', 'November', 'Barclays', 'firm', '15.99 % decrease', 'ownership', 'sale', 'document', 'Tuesday', 'beta', 'debt', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', 'Ratings', '11.']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,etfdailynews.com
48809,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/11/3023910/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme   ING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in...,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in total 6 514 857 shares were repurchased during the week of 3 February 2025 up to and including 7 February 2025.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €15.77 or a total amount of €102 768 994.66. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 75 018 017 ordinary shares at an average price of €15.20 for a total consideration of €1 140 037 583.40. To date approximately 57.00% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor more on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via X @ING_news feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI was reconfirmed by MSCI as 'AA' in August 2024 for the fifth year. As of December 2023  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’. Our current ESG Risk Rating  is 17.2 (Low Risk).ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers. Here are some examples: Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. The Financial statements for 2024 are in progress and may be subject to adjustments from subsequent events. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets(5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of orchanges in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.18,0.69,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'related international response measures', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€2.0 billion share buyback programme', 'current ESG Risk Rating', 'currency exchange rates', 'related market disruption', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'same accounting principles', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'financial economic crimes', 'maximum total value', 'Frequent news updates', 'ING Group shares', 'wholesale banking services', 'general economic conditions', 'other forward-looking statements', 'The Financial statements', 'Important legal information', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG rating', 'share capital', 'financial services', 'Low Risk', 'current views', 'financial information', 'financial markets', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'average price', 'total amount', 'detailed information', 'daily repurchased', 'weekly reports', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'fifth year', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', '75,018,017 ordinary shares', 'total number', 'tax laws', 'subsequent events', '6,514,857 shares', 'Progress', '31 October', '3 February', '7 February', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'August', 'December', 'management', 'examples', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'adjustments', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'governmental', 'connection', '2024']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,globenewswire.com
48810,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/goldman-sachs-rebuilds-ptsb-stake-it-cut-to-zero-twice-last-year/a174129399.html,Goldman Sachs rebuilds PTSB stake it cut to zero twice last year,Goldman Sachs International has again bought a 3pc stake in PTSB after repeatedly buildng up and slashed a holding in the Irish bank shares.,Goldman Sachs International has again bought a 3pc stake in PTSB after repeatedly building up and slashing its holding in the Irish bank shares.A filing with Euronext Dublin  the Irish stock market operator  shows the US bank acquired 3.03pc in the Irish lender on February 6. The US bank had cut a previous stake in PTSB to zero as recently as Christmas Eve  the second time it had fully exited the stock in a matter of months.The US bank has again built a stake in PTSB via swaps  a derivative which affords a synthetic exposure to an equity. Investment banks like Goldman Sachs can hold them as part of a wider service to clients or trade on their own account.A filing at the end of last year with the stock exchange showed that the investment giant reduced its stake in PTSB to zero. Prior to that  it had held a 6.54pc stake.The latest holding was acquired on February 6  a day when PTSB shares closed at €1.44 each. The stock closed at almost the same price  €1.43 a share  on December 24 last  when Goldman Sachs last sold out.Before increasing its stake to 6.54pc at the start of December  Goldman Sachs had also reduced its PTSB stake to zero.PTSB chief executive Eamonn Crowley. Photo: Photo: Frank McGrathNews in 90  Tuesday  February 11In March  Goldman Sachs had increased its stake in PTSB to almost 6pc and later in the year began to reduce it.By August  it again cut it to under 3pc  before cutting again in December.Led by chief executive Eamonn Crowley  PTSB took over around €6.75bn of former Ulster Bank loans in the Republic  including mortgages and SME lending  Asset Finance and 25 branches in January 2023.Other shareholders in the bank include Irish businessman Eamon Waters – who owns just over 7pc of PTSB via his Sretaw Private Equity vehicle – and UK lender NatWest which has a 14pc stake in the bank as part of a wider set of transactions linked to the Ulster Bank loan sales. The State still owns 57pc of the bank.The bank’s pre-tax profits in the first six months of the year nearly tripled to €75m.The bank’s surge in profitability came on the back of a €20m impairment release and was despite an expected 20pc increase in operating costs.,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,True,English,"['Goldman Sachs', 'PTSB', 'Irish businessman Eamon Waters', 'Sretaw Private Equity vehicle', 'former Ulster Bank loans', 'Ulster Bank loan sales', 'Irish stock market operator', 'chief executive Eamonn Crowley', '€20m impairment release', 'PTSB chief executive', 'first six months', 'Irish bank shares', 'The US bank', 'Goldman Sachs International', 'Irish lender', 'The State', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Christmas Eve', 'synthetic exposure', 'Investment banks', 'wider service', 'stock exchange', 'investment giant', 'same price', 'Frank McGrath', 'SME lending', 'Asset Finance', 'Other shareholders', 'UK lender', 'wider set', 'pre-tax profits', '20pc increase', 'operating costs', 'PTSB shares', 'previous stake', '6.54pc stake', '14pc stake', 'latest holding', 'last year', '3pc stake', 'PTSB stake', 'filing', '3.03pc', 'February', 'matter', 'swaps', 'derivative', 'part', 'clients', 'account', 'day', 'December', 'start', 'Photo', 'News', 'March', '6pc', 'August', 'Republic', 'mortgages', '25 branches', 'January', 'over', '7pc', 'NatWest', 'transactions', 'surge', 'profitability', 'back']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,independent.ie
48811,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/02/11/global-markets-inch-higher-despite-us-tariff-concerns/,Global markets inch higher despite US tariff concerns,One of the standout performers on the Irish index was Bank of Ireland  which climbed 2.3%,Traders work on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange. Global markets inched higher on Tuesday even as investors braced for repercussions from the latest US tariff announcements.Global markets inched higher on Tuesday even as investors braced for repercussions from the latest US tariff announcements.DublinEuronext Dublin was largely in line with international peers as it finished the day up about 0.6 per cent.One of the standout performers on the index was Bank of Ireland  which climbed 2.3 per cent  while its peer AIB rose 0.8 per cent.The Irish home builders had a subdued day with Glenveagh Properties and Cairn Homes down 0.2 per cent and 1.1 per cent respectively.READ MORE“Given all the news about changes to Government policy around housing  they probably should have done a little better ” noted a trader. “That being said  they have had some strong buyers over the recent past who have maybe run out of steam ” she added.There was better news for Cavan-based insulation specialist Kingspan  which finished the day up 1.3 per cent. Elsewhere  food giant Kerry Group was up 1 per cent at close of business.LondonBritain’s FTSE 100 inched to a record closing high as gains in energy giant Shell overshadowed declines in heavyweight copper miners after US president Donald Trump’s tariff hikes sparked demand concerns.The FTSE 100 edged up 0.1 per cent  helped by a 2.4 per cent gain in Shell shares  with Nigerian oil producers in talks to the group to secure up to 25 per cent of service contracts for the Bonga North deepwater project.The mid-cap FTSE 250 was down 0.3 per cent.Global miners such as Antofagasta  Glencore and Rio Tinto dropped between 1.2 per cent and 2.7 per cent as Trump imposed fresh tariffs on all steel and aluminium imports on Monday to a flat 25 per cent “without exceptions or exemptions”.Heavyweight BP shares lost 0.6 per cent  retreating a day after logging their biggest daily gain in two years. The oil big posted its lowest earnings in four years with CEO Murray Auchincloss pledging to fundamentally reset BP’s strategy.Travel and leisure lost 2.5 per cent  the worst laggards among sectors as airline stocks fell. TUI flagged a slowdown in bookings  sinking its shares by 10.2 per cent. Wizz Air fell 1.2 per cent; EasyJet dropped 2.7 per cent; and International Airlines Group was down 1.7 per cent.How does Ireland fix its dysfunctional rental sector? Listen | 43:34Among other stocks  Bellway lost 5.2 per cent due to affordability concerns in the British housing market.Bookmaker Entain lost 11.1 per cent  the biggest loser on the FTSE 100  after the company announced CEO Gavin Isaacs would step down immediately after just five months in the role.EuropeLess than a week after hitting a three-year high  European airline stocks had their worst day in more than six months.A UBS Group basket of eight European airline stocks fell as much as 4.2 per cent  the steepest drop since August 1st.Sentiment was clouded by German tour operator TUI  whose shares fell 8 per cent after it reported a slowdown in bookings for the crucial summer season. Rising prices for jet fuel also weighed.Elsewhere  the pan-European Stoxx 600 index rose 0.2 per cent  reaching an intraday record for a second straight session  while France’s Cac 40 rose 0.3 per cent and Germany’s Dax increased 0.6 per cent.New YorkWall Street’s main indexes were almost flat as gains in megacaps such as Coca-Cola and Apple offset losses in some growth stocks.Apple added 2.7 per cent after a report said it was partnering with Alibaba to develop and roll out artificial intelligence features for iPhone users in China.Coca-Cola advanced 3.3 per cent as the beverage maker beat fourth-quarter revenue estimates  helped by higher prices and resilient demand for its sodas and juices. – Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.36,0.56,0.08,mixed,0.14,0.25,0.61,True,English,"['US tariff concerns', 'Global markets', 'Cavan-based insulation specialist Kingspan', 'Bonga North deepwater project', 'latest US tariff announcements', 'The Irish home builders', 'US president Donald Trump', 'A UBS Group basket', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'eight European airline stocks', 'CEO Murray Auchincloss', 'dysfunctional rental sector', 'CEO Gavin Isaacs', 'German tour operator', 'crucial summer season', 'second straight session', 'artificial intelligence features', 'fourth-quarter revenue estimates', 'heavyweight copper miners', 'Nigerian oil producers', 'biggest daily gain', 'International Airlines Group', 'British housing market', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', '2.4 per cent gain', 'to 25 per cent', 'flat 25 per cent', 'Heavyweight BP shares', 'tariff hikes', 'other stocks', 'growth stocks', 'international peers', 'Kerry Group', 'The FTSE 100', 'Global miners', 'oil big', 'biggest loser', '1.2 per cent', '2.7 per cent', '10.2 per cent', '11.1 per cent', '4.2 per cent', 'Global markets', 'standout performers', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'Cairn Homes', 'Government policy', 'strong buyers', 'recent past', 'food giant', 'record closing', 'giant Shell', 'demand concerns', 'service contracts', 'Rio Tinto', 'fresh tariffs', 'aluminium imports', 'two years', 'lowest earnings', 'four years', 'worst laggards', 'Wizz Air', 'affordability concerns', 'Bookmaker Entain', 'five months', 'six months', 'steepest drop', 'August 1st', 'Rising prices', 'jet fuel', 'intraday record', 'Wall Street', 'main indexes', 'iPhone users', 'beverage maker', 'higher prices', 'resilient demand', 'Additional reporting', 'Shell shares', 'Euronext Dublin', 'mid-cap FTSE 250', 'worst day', '2.5 per', 'Traders', 'floor', 'Tuesday', 'investors', 'repercussions', 'Bank', 'Ireland', 'AIB', 'subdued', 'READ', 'news', 'changes', 'steam', 'close', 'business', 'London', 'Britain', 'gains', 'energy', 'declines', 'talks', 'Antofagasta', 'Glencore', 'steel', 'Monday', 'exceptions', 'exemptions', 'strategy', 'Travel', 'leisure', 'sectors', 'TUI', 'slowdown', 'bookings', 'EasyJet', 'Listen', 'Bellway', 'company', 'role', 'three', 'Sentiment', 'France', 'Cac', 'Germany', 'Dax', 'megacaps', 'Coca-Cola', 'Apple', 'losses', 'Alibaba', 'China', 'sodas', 'juices', 'Agencies', '0.6']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,irishtimes.com
48812,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2025/02/11/on-monday-the-preliminary-investigation-committee-mitsotakis-emmanuel-and-the-difficult-meteor-the-holes-in-sarakiniko-patoulis-free-snakes/,On Monday  the Preliminary Investigation Committee  Mitsotakis  Emmanuel and the (difficult) Meteor  the holes in Sarakiniko  Patoulis’ (free) snakes,Metlen  Avax  Calatrava & Trump's centsThe post On Monday  the Preliminary Investigation Committee  Mitsotakis  Emmanuel and the (difficult) Meteor  the holes in Sarakiniko  Patoulis’ (free) snakes appeared first on ProtoThema English.,Newsroom February 11 09:50Hello  from what I have learned  on the 17th of the month  the discussion on the preliminary investigation committee for Tempi will take place in Parliament. In the meantime  the videos showing the empty train cars are already being examined (by court order) and are even being double-checked because they are also stored on a security company’s server in Athens  so soon there will be a safe and reliable conclusion. So  let’s see what will come out of the official findings of the Authorities  and then we’ll discuss it again.Kyriakos and Emmanuel…Mitsotakis and Macron have an old relationship  as they have both been leading their countries for the past few years and can communicate directly without issues. Greek-French relations sometimes have ups and downs  but at their core  they are strategic  and we have had our strong moments in the past—after all  let’s be honest  we have spent quite a lot on them  from the Rafale to the Belhara; they should have no complaints. So  while the government leak did not include a reference to the METEOR missiles that Turkey wants for the Eurofighter  it is not that the issue was not discussed. In fact  Mitsotakis  although he did not want to comment on it publicly  hinted that something positive might come from his contact with the French president. Macron told K.M. that France understands and shares the Greek arguments  but it is not the only player in this matter (MBDA includes  beyond Airbus  the British BAE and the Italian Leonardo). Now  hearing what Macron supposedly said  I find it hard to believe that the French president was telling the truth and was not just pretending to be uninvolved.AIApart from that  I am told that the atmosphere in Paris was positive for Greece during K.M.’s meetings with the CEO of Ericsson Group  with Hassabis from DeepMind  and with senior executives of OpenAI (the initial meeting was scheduled with Sam Altman  who ultimately did not come to Paris). The common thread was the interest in Greek human capital  which is of excellent quality and competitively priced. At his tech meetings  K.M. was accompanied by the Digital Governance duo Papastergiou-Kyranakis and the government’s AI Committee coordinator  Giannis Mastrogeorgiou.The Parade of AmericansLet me inform you that beyond U.S. Vice President Vance  who arrived in Paris yesterday afternoon for the Artificial Intelligence Conference (today he will speak at the leaders’ forum and meet with VDL and the EU High Representative  Kallas)  we will have more arrivals soon. In the coming days  the new U.S. Secretary of Defense  Pete Hegseth  will arrive in Europe. On Thursday  he will participate in the NATO Defense Ministers’ Summit in Brussels (Dendias will be present  who these days is once again in the U.S.). Finally  the new Secretary of State  Marco Rubio  will in turn come on Friday for the Berlin Conference. With all this  I think it will be difficult for K.M. to cancel his presence in the Bavarian capital.The EPP Vice PresidentFrom Brussels  I received information that two Greek politicians want to run for vice president at the European People’s Party Congress in April: Meimarakis and Tzitzikostas. There are 10 positions  and ND can certainly claim one. I am told that each does not know about the other’s interest  and in any case  it is crucial whom K.M. will choose to support when the issue arises.SarakinikoAs the days go by  it is becoming increasingly clear that beyond any general issues of legislative gaps emerging in the case of Sarakiniko in Milos (such as the Local Urban Plan  Protection Zones for Areas of Natural Beauty  etc.)  it is evident that there is also the necessary local entanglement. The owner of the land in Sarakiniko bought it from a candidate municipal councilor of the mayor  while the urban planner-prefect naturally knew that she was granting a permit for a hotel in Sarakiniko. Now that the National Transparency Authority will check the permits—whether the forestry department did its job correctly  whether the environmental study was conducted properly  whether archaeology went on-site to mark trenches  whether there was a recognized road in front of the plot  etc.—mark my words  they will find many more violations or “negligences ” meaning that not all licensing checks were conducted properly. Don’t you find it completely natural that when such serious matters are decided within local communities  they may ultimately end up in… friendly arrangements and not just that? However  if in this case  which has truly outraged everyone  there are violations and the Prosecutor of Syros calls them in for “further action ” they may put a stop to it  but then again  after a few months  somewhere… else in Greece  the local wheeling and dealing will start again. For now  we are waiting to see what the responsible minister  Skylakakis  will do  as well as M.M.  who is also involved in the matter.SnakesSo  I think that the financial prosecutor investigating the findings on the Attica Region and EDSNA… won’t have any work since Patoulis gave a convincing response yesterday. The former regional governor  commenting on our publication  which revealed that “over four years  5.5 million euros were spent on snake and rodent repellent ” said: “Especially on public health issues  the Attica Region had particular sensitivity and the highest priority in addressing them. It collaborated with reputable scientific bodies  such as EKPA  EODY  and particularly for mosquito spraying (for the West Nile virus)  rodent control  etc.  with the Benaki Phytopathological Institute  which resulted in zero deaths of our fellow citizens in recent years from this cause.” So  as you understand  with the new EDSNA administration  which spent only 30 000 euros annually for the same work  we’ll be eaten alive by snakes!The National’s stake in the Insurance Company and the SSMInformation indicates that within the 70% stake in Ethniki Asfalistiki that Piraeus Bank will acquire  the 9.9% currently held by National Bank is included. According to the agreement between National Bank and CVC  in the event of a sale by the private equity firm  National Bank is obliged to sell its stake at the same valuation as CVC. At the same time  Piraeus Bank has submitted a request to the SSM for the use of the Danish Compromise provisions for the acquisition of Ethniki Asfalistiki  aiming to limit the impact on its capital  and is awaiting a response  which requires considerable time. The market  in general  is keeping expectations low regarding the supervisory authority’s response.Fais Group prepares for the Stock ExchangeThe Fais Group is intensifying preparations for its upcoming entry into the Stock Exchange. Initial contacts have already been made with banks  institutions  underwriters  and supervisory authorities  aiming for the public share offering for the H.A. listing to take place in March. In recent years  the group has expanded its business activities by creating distinct business units for the distribution of sports apparel and wellness equipment  footwear and accessories  premium & lifestyle fashion products  cosmetics  commercial real estate development  hospitality  and more. In the retail sector  it operates standalone flagship stores as well as corner shops in all major department stores  outlets  and e-commerce platforms in Greece  Cyprus  Bulgaria  Romania  and more recently in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Today  it represents over 100 brands in the Greek market  with sales exceeding 200 million euros last year. Through its listing on the H.A.  Fais Group aims to enhance its recognition both domestically and internationally  while it is estimated to seek to raise capital in the range of 50-60 million euros.Arbitrage on TITAN stockIt had been a long time (perhaps years) since TITAN’s stock had seen a trading volume of 118 863 shares on the Athens Stock Exchange. However  now that its subsidiary is trading on Wall Street  where stock transactions are significantly higher than those on the Athens Stock Exchange or Euronext Brussels  an opportunity for quick arbitrage moves in the parent company’s stock price is emerging. In New York  the stock trades near 17 dollars  but various factors now come into play  such as the euro-dollar exchange rate  growth prospects  and taxation  creating opportunities for interesting market moves. In yesterday’s session  this entire game led to a -1.84% drop in the stock  settling at 45 euros  which keeps the Group’s market capitalization above 3.5 billion euros.Metlen: Investment Banks and FairfaxStock-wise  the news that Bank of America is initiating coverage of Metlen is of particular significance. Not so much for the target price but for the coverage itself  which comes after those of Citi and Morgan Stanley. The more major investment banks cover a stock  the more visible it becomes to international institutional portfolios. This coincided with Fairfax increasing its stake to 6.5%  making it the second-largest shareholder of Metlen  resulting in the stock closing up 2.43%.Avax  the scenarios  and realityThe market capitalization of construction group Avax has exceeded 290 million euros. The stock price (+4.59% yesterday) at 1.96 euros is approximately 41% higher than six months ago. The stock’s upward movement fueled market rumors about a strategic alliance and similar speculations. However  reliable sources familiar with the developments stated that the rumors of a strategic alliance are not true  that nothing of the sort exists  and attributed the stock’s rise to it approaching reasonable valuation levels. The price is nearing 2 euros  while two reports value Avax’s stock at around 3 euros  with three more analyst reports expected to have valuations in the 3-euro range. Additionally  Avax had a superb 2023 with a 150% rise and a bad 2024 with an 18% drop. Despite the stock rally  the price today is slightly above the 1.86-euro level of December 31  2023  while still lagging behind sector valuations.Pressures on Viohalco group stocksSince yesterday morning  the market has been circulating the “estimate” that the new tariffs and taxes the U.S. government will impose on all steel and aluminum imports will directly and dramatically affect Cenergy  ElvalHalcor  and ultimately their parent company Viohalco. The truth is that the total activities of the Viohalco Group in the American continent account for only 5% of total turnover. However  this truth did not prevent an easy short-selling game on all three listed group stocks  with ElvalHalcor down 1.98%  Cenergy down 2.03%  and Viohalco down 1.75%.“Attack” on two brokerage firmsThe auditors of the Hellenic Capital Market Commission launched a simultaneous “attack” on two brokerage firms yesterday. Reports indicate that the “visits” were part of an investigation into stock transactions that experienced a sudden surge. On a related note  the internal organization of the Capital Market Commission is progressing. Its website has published the Internal Audit Operating Regulation  while at the next board meeting  the Ethics Regulation for Internal Auditors is expected to be approved.Mature decline in an uncertain environmentMany winners in the Athens Stock Exchange have every reason to be cautious and cash in some of their gains at every whisper or market tremor. The good news is that these moves are made with maturity and composure. Those who want to exit do so  and there are always those eager to board for the future. Despite major European markets reacting calmly and with an upward trend to President Trump’s “tariff game ” Athens moved downward yesterday with moderate liquidations  which  however  found buying interest. The General Index dropped as much as 0.73%  but buyers quickly emerged  halving the losses  and the index eventually closed at 1 551.90 points (-0.38%). Transaction value remained contained at 115.96 million euros. Banks did not help  so the General Index’s resilience was attributed to Metlen (+2.43%)  Piraeus Port Authority (+2.23%)  HelleniQ Energy (+1.32%)  and Sarantis (+1.23%).The Piraeus Port Authority rallyWith buyers absent from banks and high-cap stocks  it was mid-caps’ turn to stand out and put the brakes on sellers’ appetite for widespread liquidations on the Athens Stock Exchange. Four of them even hit new records. Kri Kri climbed to an all-time high of 16.4 euros  and Piraeus Port Authority exceeded 32 euros  reaching a new 17-year high  aiming for the all-time record of January 3  2008 (32.94 euros). Quest expanded its 19-month high  approaching 6.5 euros  while Fourlis set a new 11-month record  closing near 4.3 euros. Among the heavyweight stocks  only Public Power Corporation stood its ground  extending its 15-year high.The absence of key players  the talkative escort  and the 500 GW queueThose expecting to see the keffiyeh-clad executives of Masdar at last Friday’s annual wind energy industry gala at Ktima Vorre were likely disappointed. Despite the Arabs’ gold sponsorship of the grand annual event for onshore wind power alongside PPC and Motor Oil  Terna Energy was represented by CEO Manolis Maragoudakis. Notable was the absence of George Peristeris  who had never missed an ELETAEN event before. Other regular attendees missing included Dimitris Kopelouzos  PPC Renewables CEO Konstantinos Mavros  IPTO CEO Manos Manusakis  and politically  Finance Minister Kostis Hatzidakis  who traditionally attends. However  the highlight of this year’s evening was Deputy Energy Minister Alexandra Sdoukou  not only for her elegant black lace dress  setting a festive tone but also for her young escort. Her six-year-old son not only took the microphone to wish the attendees a “Happy New Year” but also delivered a political message  saying that we need to install more wind turbines because they provide cheaper electricity! Meanwhile  Sdoukou appeared more concerned about Europe’s wind energy targets and achievements. She noted that the EU is not moving quickly in developing new wind power. Last year  13 GW were installed  whereas to meet green transition goals  about 30 GW should be installed annually. There are delays in the permitting process and in granting grid connection terms. The deputy minister even mentioned a staggering number of pending permits awaiting grid connection terms in the EU  totaling 500 GW!Calatrava and the Velodrome are comingYesterday was the deadline for submitting bids for the renovation of the Calatrava roofs and the Velodrome. The tender “Structural and functional restoration of the two roofs of the Central Stadium and the Velodrome of the Olympic Athletic Center of Athens – OAKA” was prepared and conducted by the Strategic Contracts Unit (PPF) of the Hellenic Corporation of Assets and Participations  with the assistance of the Technical Chamber of Greece. The project budget is 63 million euros  and it is noteworthy that despite concerns about the quality of the tender’s terms  no objections were filed regarding the tender documents. In the end  one bid was submitted  by METKA SA. The next step is to initiate the validation and unsealing procedures so that—if everything complies with the law—the contractor can be quickly announced and the project can be completed on time. The project is funded by the Recovery Fund and involves repairing problematic areas  restoring the necessary structural adequacy of the metal structures of the two emblematic roofs of OAKA  and maintaining  repairing  and replacing elements of the metal structures and polycarbonate panels of the stadium roofs.Trump stopped producing centsWith the slogan “we cut government waste cent by cent ” President Trump ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to stop producing pennies. Each cent is worth $0.01  but its production costs… three cents ($0.03). This means the U.S. government spends $179 million annually to produce cents  which  of course  no one uses. Soon  copper pennies will become collectibles.Powell’s first hearing in a Republican-majority CongressMarkets will learn a lot from the responses Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell will give tonight and tomorrow as he testifies before Congress for the first time since July. Powell’s testimony before the Republican majority follows the Fed’s decision to keep U.S. dollar interest rates steady in January after three consecutive cuts  reflecting concerns about inflation and the labor market. The Fed reduced rates by 100 basis points over three meetings before the end of last year. In January  the Fed voted to keep rates steady in the range of 4.25%-4.5%. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent stated that the president is now more focused on long-term interest rates (i.e.  10-year government bond yields) rather than the Fed’s short-term rates.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.27,0.15,0.58,True,English,"['Preliminary Investigation Committee', 'difficult) Meteor', 'Monday', 'Mitsotakis', 'Emmanuel', 'holes', 'Sarakiniko', 'snakes', 'new U.S. Secretary of', 'U.S. Vice President Vance', 'NATO Defense Ministers’ Summit', 'The EPP Vice President', 'preliminary investigation committee', 'empty train cars', 'Digital Governance duo', 'EU High Representative', 'candidate municipal councilor', 'National Transparency Authority', 'two Greek politicians', 'Artificial Intelligence Conference', 'necessary local entanglement', 'Greek human capital', 'AI Committee coordinator', 'Local Urban Plan', 'new Secretary', 'French president', 'The Parade', 'Greek arguments', 'Berlin Conference', 'Bavarian capital', 'urban planner-prefect', 'local communities', 'local wheeling', 'court order', 'security company', 'reliable conclusion', 'old relationship', 'Greek-French relations', 'strong moments', 'METEOR missiles', 'K.M.', 'British BAE', 'Italian Leonardo', 'Ericsson Group', 'senior executives', 'initial meeting', 'Sam Altman', 'common thread', 'excellent quality', 'Giannis Mastrogeorgiou', 'leaders’ forum', 'Pete Hegseth', 'Marco Rubio', 'European People', 'Party Congress', 'legislative gaps', 'Protection Zones', 'Natural Beauty', 'forestry department', 'environmental study', 'licensing checks', 'serious matters', 'friendly arrangements', 'further action', 'responsible minister', 'M.M.', 'Attica Region', 'official findings', 'government leak', 'tech meetings', 'coming days', 'general issues', 'financial prosecutor', 'Newsroom', '17th', 'month', 'discussion', 'Tempi', 'place', 'Parliament', 'meantime', 'videos', 'server', 'Athens', 'safe', 'Authorities', 'Kyriakos', 'Emmanuel', 'Mitsotakis', 'Macron', 'countries', 'past', 'years', 'ups', 'downs', 'core', 'lot', 'Rafale', 'Belhara', 'complaints', 'reference', 'Turkey', 'Eurofighter', 'fact', 'something', 'contact', 'France', 'player', 'MBDA', 'Airbus', 'truth', 'atmosphere', 'Paris', 'Greece', 'CEO', 'Hassabis', 'DeepMind', 'OpenAI', 'interest', 'Americans', 'VDL', 'Kallas', 'arrivals', 'Thursday', 'Brussels', 'Dendias', 'State', 'turn', 'Friday', 'presence', 'information', 'April', 'Meimarakis', 'Tzitzikostas', '10 positions', 'case', 'Sarakiniko', 'Milos', 'Areas', 'owner', 'land', 'mayor', 'permit', 'hotel', 'job', 'archaeology', 'site', 'trenches', 'road', 'front', 'words', 'violations', 'negligences', 'everyone', 'Syros', 'stop', 'dealing', 'Skylakakis', 'Snakes', 'EDSNA', 'work', 'Patoulis', 'convin']",2025-02-11,2025-02-12,en.protothema.gr
48813,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/13/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/galapagos-reports-full-year-2024-results-and-provides-fourth-quarter-business-update/2054923,Galapagos Reports Full Year 2024 Results and Provides Fourth Quarter Business Update,As a consequence of the transfer of its Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma  the revenues and costs related to Jyseleca® for the full years 2024 and 2023 are presented separately from the results of the Company's continuing operations on the line 'Net profit from discontinued operations  net of tax' in the consolidated income statement.,"Compelling clinical results for GLPG5101 in three NHL indications underscore potential of innovative decentralized cell therapy platform to deliver fresh  fit cells  in median seven days vein-to-veinFocusing on accelerating GLPG5101 program  expanding to eight indications with significant unmet needs  and aiming for first approval by 2028Plan to separate into two companies listed on Nasdaq and Euronext  with SpinCo to build a pipeline through deals and Galapagos to advance novel cell therapies for cancers of high unmet needManagement to host conference call tomorrow  February 13  2025  at 14:00 CET / 8:00 am ETMechelen  Belgium; February 12  2025  22:01 CET; regulated information - Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG)  a global biotechnology company dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation  today reported its financial results for the full year 2024 and provided an update on the fourth quarter 2024 and its year-to-date performance.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy""We are making significant strides to position Galapagos for long-term value creation and to advance our global leadership in cell therapy by addressing high unmet medical needs in oncology ” said Paul Stoffels1  MD  CEO and Chair of the Board of Directors of Galapagos. ""With the FDA's IND clearance and the compelling clinical data we presented at ASH for our lead CD19 CAR-T candidate  GLPG5101  in three relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma indications  there is strong validation of our innovative  globally scalable cell therapy platform to deliver fresh  stem-like early memory CAR T-treatment in a median vein-to-vein time of seven days. These advantages further reinforce our conviction that GLPG5101 can drive positive outcomes for patients around the world with rapidly progressive diseases  including those who are at risk of rapid clinical deterioration.""In line with our goal of becoming a more focused and streamlined organization  we are optimizing our CD19 CAR-T portfolio by prioritizing resources where they can have the greatest impact. We are expanding the development of GLPG5101  our most advanced asset by extending its reach into additional aggressive B-cell malignancies  including Richter transformation of CLL  and are taking action to expand into double-refractory CLL. We are deprioritizing activities related to GLPG5201  our second CD19 CAR-T candidate  pending the advancement of GLPG5101 in those additional indications. At the same time  we are advancing the Phase 1/2 study of GLPG5301 in multiple myeloma while strengthening our early-stage pipeline of next-generation  multi-targeting  armored cell therapies for hematological and solid tumors  accelerating innovation and driving long-term value creation. Additionally  through our partnership with Adaptimmune  we are progressing uza-cel  a TCR-T candidate for head and neck cancer  reinforcing our commitment to delivering transformational therapies ” concluded Dr. Stoffels.AdvertisementThad Huston  CFO and COO of Galapagos  added  ""We continue to advance our strategic plan to separate into two publicly traded companies to be listed on Euronext and Nasdaq  Galapagos and SpinCo  with the aim to complete the transaction by mid-2025. Our Board  supported by the Nomination Committee  is actively working on recruiting a seasoned executive team and independent non-executive directors with a proven track record in biotech company-building and strategic transaction execution for SpinCo. We thank our shareholders  employees  and all stakeholders for their continued support and dedication as we work through this planned transition. We ended 2024 with €3.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents  of which approximately €2.45 billion will be used to capitalize SpinCo  the newly to be formed spin-off company  which will focus on building a pipeline of innovative medicines through transformational transactions. At the time of the separation  Galapagos will have approximately €500 million in cash and autonomy to unlock the full potential of its differentiating cell therapy platform and to accelerate its cell therapy pipeline of potentially best-in-class assets  addressing high unmet medical needs in oncology. Galapagos expects to have a normalized annual cash burni in the range of €175 million to €225 million  excluding restructuring costs  upon separation.”Fourth Quarter 2024 and Recent Business UpdateCELL THERAPY PORTFOLIOGLPG5101 (CD19 CAR-T) program to expand to eight aggressive B-cell malignancies  broadening patient reach and impactAdvertisementNew data from the ongoing ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study presented at ASH 2024 included updated data on patients with mantle cell lymphoma (MCL)  marginal zone lymphoma (MZL) / follicular lymphoma (FL)  and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL). As of the data cut-off on April 25  2024  49 patients had received cell therapy infusion  and safety and efficacy results were available for 45 patients and 42 patients  respectively. The results are summarized below: High objective response rates (ORR) and complete response rates (CRR) were observed in the pooled Phase 1 and Phase 2 efficacy analysis set  split by indication: In MCL  all 8 of 8 efficacy-evaluable patients responded to treatment (ORR and CRR 100%). In MZL/FL  objective and complete responses were observed in 20 of 21 efficacy-evaluable patients (ORR and CRR 95%). In DLBCL  9 of 13 efficacy-evaluable patients responded to treatment (ORR 69%)  with 7 patients achieving a complete response (CRR 54%). Of the 7 patients with DLBCL who received the higher dose  6 responded to treatment (ORR 86%) with 5 achieved a complete response (CRR 71%). Of the 15 minimal residual disease (MRD)-evaluable patients with a complete response  12 patients (80%) achieved MRD negativity and remained in complete response at data cut-off. The median study follow-up was 3.3 months for FL and DLBCL with a range of 0.9-21.2 months  and 4.4 months for MCL with a range of 1-24.4 months. GLPG5101 showed an encouraging safety profile  with the majority of Grade ≥ 3 treatment emergent adverse events being hematological. One case of CRS Grade 3 was observed in Phase 1 and one case of ICANS Grade 3 was observed in Phase 2. 96% of patients (47 of 49) received an infusion with fresh  fit  stem-like early memory CD19 CAR T-cell therapy  with 91.5% (43 of 47) achieving a vein-to-vein time of seven days  thereby avoiding cryopreservation  and eliminating the need for bridging therapy. Strong and consistent in vivo CAR-T expansion levels and products consisting of stem-like  early memory phenotype T cells were observed in all doses tested.Beyond MCL  MZL/FL and DLBCL  the ATALANTA-1 study also includes high-risk first line DLBCL  Burkitt lymphoma (BL)  and primary CNS lymphoma (PCNSL). Patient recruitment is ongoing in Europe  and with U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Investigational New Drug (IND) application clearance secured  and leading cancer centers in Boston engaged  we continue to work towards enrolling the first U.S. patient into the study. Boston-based Landmark Bio is operational and serves as the decentralized manufacturing unit (DMU) for ATALANTA-1. Galapagos aims to present additional new data at a medical meeting in 2025.Building on these encouraging data and in line with its goal to streamline the business  Galapagos is focusing its resources on accelerating GLPG5101 as its flagship CD19 CAR-T program  and pending the advancement of GLPG5101 in additional indications  is deprioritizing activities for GLPG5201  the Company's second CD19 CAR-T candidate. With the addition of double-refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and Richter transformation (RT) of CLL  both indications with significant unmet needs  GLPG5101 would be developed across eight aggressive B-cell malignancies  further unlocking its broad potential to address significant unmet medical needs.Galapagos is preparing to initiate pivotal development in 2026 and is aiming for a first approval in 2028. To support those goals  and supported by its strong collaborations with Lonza (for the Cocoon® platform) and Thermo Fisher Scientific (for the development of an ultra-rapid PCR sterility test together with miDiagnostics)  the Company is scaling up manufacturing capacity at its existing DMUs in the U.S.  including Landmark Bio (Boston area)  Excellos (San Diego area)  and recently signed Catalent (New Jersey  New York  and surrounding areas)  as well as at multiple DMUs in key European markets. Additional DMUs will be integrated into the Company's network to ensure sufficient capacity to support its future pivotal studies in key regions.The Phase 1 part of the PAPILIO-1 Phase 1/2 is currently recruiting patients. Upon completion of Phase 1 and analysis of the data  Galapagos will evaluate the most appropriate development strategy and next steps. The Company aims to present Phase 1 data at a future medical conference.Galapagos' proprietary early-stage pipeline provides a strong foundation for sustainable value-creation. It comprises multi-targeting  armored cell therapy constructs designed to improve potency  prevent resistance  and improve persistence of CAR-Ts in hematological and solid tumors. The Company plans to initiate clinical development of a novel CAR-T candidate in 2025 and expand its clinical pipeline of next-generation programs with the addition of two new clinical assets in 2026.Galapagos presented strong preclinical proof-of-concept data at ASH for uza-cel  a MAGE-A4 directed TCR T-cell therapy candidate in head and neck cancer  in partnership with Adaptimmune. The data demonstrated that Galapagos' decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform can produce uza-cel with features that may result in improved efficacy and durability of response in the clinic compared with the existing manufacturing procedure. Preparations are ongoing with the goal to start clinical development in 2026.SMALL MOLECULE PORTFOLIOGalapagos is advancing its TYK2 inhibitor  GLPG3667  in two Phase 3-enabling studies for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and dermatomyositis (DM). Screening for the SLE study was completed in January 2025  ahead of schedule. Topline results for the entire GLPG3667 program are anticipated in the first half of 2026.Following the planned strategic reorganization as announced early this year  Galapagos is seeking potential partners to take over its small molecule assets  including GLPG3667 for SLE  DM  and other potential auto-immune indications.POST-PERIOD EVENTSAdvertisementOn January 8  2025  Galapagos announced a plan to separate into two publicly traded entities aimed at unlocking shareholder value and creating strategic focus. SpinCo (to be named later) will be a newly formed company with approximately €2.45 billion in current Galapagos cash  focusing on building a pipeline of innovative medicines through transformational transactions  with Gilead as a strategic partner. SpinCo will establish a Board of Directors with the majority of its members being independent. SpinCo will be led by a small seasoned executive team with a proven track record in biotechnology company-building and strategic transaction execution. SpinCo plans to apply for listing on Nasdaq and Euronext  with all Galapagos shareholders receiving SpinCo shares on a pro rata basis  proportional to their ownership of Galapagos shares as of a record date to be established. As of the separation  the global Option  License and Collaboration Agreement with Gilead (OLCA) will be assumed by SpinCo. For future transactions  Gilead has committed to negotiating in good faith amendments to the OLCA on a transaction-by-transaction basis to achieve positive value for SpinCo and all of its shareholders. To date  Gilead has demonstrated flexibility in amending the key financial and structural terms of the OLCA to support Galapagos in its assessment of potential business development opportunities to enable value creation. We expect incentives between SpinCo and Gilead to be aligned such that SpinCo can pursue high-quality assets  fund development and invest in its portfolio  so that potential significant future value creation is retained for SpinCo and all of its shareholders. Galapagos will focus on unlocking the broad potential of its innovative decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform  enabling the delivery of fresh  early stem-like memory cell therapy within a median vein-to-vein time of seven days  and advancing its cell therapy pipeline of potentially best-in-class assets which will not be subject to the OLCA as of the separation. Galapagos will have approximately €500 million in cash at the expected time of the spin-off of SpinCo  providing it a cash runway to 2028. To advance its goal of becoming a global leader in cell therapy in oncology and as part of its focused strategy and optimized capital allocation  Galapagos will seek partners for its small molecule assets.Full year 2024 key figures (consolidated)(€ millions  except basic & diluted earnings per share)Advertisement December 31  2024 December 31  2023 % Change Supply revenues 34.8 - Collaboration revenues 240.8 239.7 +0% Total net revenues 275.6 239.7 +15% Cost of sales (34.8) - R&D expenses (335.5) (241.3) +39% G&Aii and S&Miii expenses (134.4) (134.0) +0% Other operating income 40.8 47.3 -14% Operating loss (188.3) (88.3) Fair value adjustments and net exchange differences 95.8 16.3 Advertisement Net other financial result 89.4 77.6 +15% Income taxes 1.8 (9.6) Net loss from continuing operations (1.3) (4.0) Net profit from discontinued operations  net of tax 75.4 215.7 Net profit of the year 74.1 211.7 Advertisement Basic and diluted earnings per share (€) 1.12 3.21 Financial investments  cash & cash equivalents 3 317.8 3 684.5DETAILS OF THE FULL YEAR 2024 FINANCIAL RESULTSThe planned strategic reorganization and separation into two publicly traded companies announced on January 8  2025  was assessed to be a non-adjusting subsequent event for the financial statements for the year ended December 31  2024. Further information will be disclosed in the Annual Report 2024.As a consequence of the transfer of its Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma  the revenues and costs related to Jyseleca® for the full years 2024 and 2023 are presented separately from the results of the Company's continuing operations on the line 'Net profit from discontinued operations  net of tax' in the consolidated income statement.Results from continuing operationsTotal operating loss from continuing operations amounted to €188.3 million in 2024  compared to an operating loss of €88.3 million in 2023.Total net revenues amounted to €275.6 million in 2024  compared to €239.7 million last year. The revenue recognition related to the exclusive access rights granted to Gilead for Galapagos' drug discovery platform amounted to €230.2 million in 2024  compared to €230.2 million in 2023. Galapagos also recognized royalty income from Gilead for Jyseleca® for €10.6 million in 2024  compared to €9.5 million in 2023. The deferred income balance at December 31  2024 includes €1.1 billion allocated to the Company's drug discovery platform.amounted to €275.6 million in 2024  compared to €239.7 million last year. The revenue recognition related to the exclusive access rights granted to Gilead for Galapagos' drug discovery platform amounted to €230.2 million in 2024  compared to €230.2 million in 2023. Galapagos also recognized royalty income from Gilead for Jyseleca® for €10.6 million in 2024  compared to €9.5 million in 2023. The deferred income balance at December 31  2024 includes €1.1 billion allocated to the Company's drug discovery platform. Cost of sales amounted to €34.8 million in 2024 and related to the supply of Jyseleca® to Alfasigma under the transition agreement. The related revenues are reported in total net revenues.amounted to €34.8 million in 2024 and related to the supply of Jyseleca® to Alfasigma under the transition agreement. The related revenues are reported in total net revenues. R&D expenses in 2024 amounted to €335.5 million  compared to €241.3 million in 2023. Subcontracting costs increased by €77.1 million from €83.0 million in 2023 to €160.1 million in 2024 primarily driven by the cell therapy programs in oncology. Depreciation and impairment costs in 2024 amounted to €35.4 million  compared to €22.3 million in 2023. Personnel costs decreased from €95.8 million in 2023 to €87.7 million in 2024 primarily due to lower accelerated non-cash cost recognition for subscription right plans related to good leavers and reduced severance costs.in 2024 amounted to €335.5 million  compared to €241.3 million in 2023. Subcontracting costs increased by €77.1 million from €83.0 million in 2023 to €160.1 million in 2024 primarily driven by the cell therapy programs in oncology. Depreciation and impairment costs in 2024 amounted to €35.4 million  compared to €22.3 million in 2023. Personnel costs decreased from €95.8 million in 2023 to €87.7 million in 2024 primarily due to lower accelerated non-cash cost recognition for subscription right plans related to good leavers and reduced severance costs. S&M and G&A expenses amounted to €134.4 million in 2024  compared to €134.0 million in 2023. The increase in S&M and G&A expenses was mainly due to higher legal and professional fees amounting to €34.9 million compared to €23.4 million in 2023 related to corporate projects and strategic investments. This increase was offset by a decrease in personnel costs amounting to €59.2 million in 2024 (€69.1 million in 2023) and a decrease in depreciation and impairment amounting to €13.2 million in 2024 compared to €16.1 million in 2023.amounted to €134.4 million in 2024  compared to €134.0 million in 2023. The increase in S&M and G&A expenses was mainly due to higher legal and professional fees amounting to €34.9 million compared to €23.4 million in 2023 related to corporate projects and strategic investments. This increase was offset by a decrease in personnel costs amounting to €59.2 million in 2024 (€69.1 million in 2023) and a decrease in depreciation and impairment amounting to €13.2 million in 2024 compared to €16.1 million in 2023. Other operating income of €47.3 million in 2023 decreased to €40.8 million in 2024  mainly driven by lower grant and R&D incentives income.in 2024 amounted to €185.2 million  compared to net financial income of €93.9 million in 2023.Fair value adjustments and net currency exchange results amounted to €95.8 million in 2024  compared to fair value adjustments and net currency exchange results in 2023 of €16.3 million and were primarily attributable to €73.7 million of positive changes in fair value of current financial investments  and to €22.2 million of unrealized currency exchange gains on our cash and cash equivalents and current financial investments at amortized cost in U.S. dollars.amounted to €95.8 million in 2024  compared to fair value adjustments and net currency exchange results in 2023 of €16.3 million and were primarily attributable to €73.7 million of positive changes in fair value of current financial investments  and to €22.2 million of unrealized currency exchange gains on our cash and cash equivalents and current financial investments at amortized cost in U.S. dollars. Net other financial income in 2024 amounted to €89.4 million  compared to net other financial income of €77.6 million in 2023. Net interest income amounted to €88.5 million in 2024 compared to €77.5 million of net interest income in 2023  due to an increase in the interest rates.Galapagos had €1.8 million of tax income in 2024  compared to €9.6 million of tax expenses in 2023. This decrease was primarily due to the re-assessment in 2023 of net deferred tax liabilities and corporate income tax payables due to a one-off intercompany transaction.The Company reported a net loss from continuing operations in 2024 of €1.3 million  compared to a net loss from its continuing operations of €4.0 million in 2023.Results from discontinued operations(€ millions)December 31  2024 December 31  2023 % Change Product net sales 11.5 112.3 -90% Collaboration revenues 26.0 431.5 -94% Total net revenues 37.5 543.8 -93% Cost of sales (1.7) (18.0) -91% R&D expenses (8.1) (190.2) -96% G&Aii and S&Miii expenses (12.6) (131.3) -90% Other operating income 56.2 13.0 +332% Operating profit 71.3 217.3 -67% Net financial result 4.2 0.5 Income taxes (0.1) (2.1) Net profit from discontinued operations 75.4 215.7amounted to €71.3 million in 2024  compared to an operating profit of €217.3 million in 2023.Product net sales of Jyseleca® in Europe were €11.5 million in 2024  which consisted of sales to customers in January 2024. Product net sales to customers in 2023 amounted to €112.3 million. Beginning February 1  2024  all economics linked to the sales of Jyseleca® in Europe are to the benefit of Alfasigma.of Jyseleca® in Europe were €11.5 million in 2024  which consisted of sales to customers in January 2024. Product net sales to customers in 2023 amounted to €112.3 million. Beginning February 1  2024  all economics linked to the sales of Jyseleca® in Europe are to the benefit of Alfasigma. Collaboration revenues for the development of filgotinib with Gilead amounted to €26.0 million in 2024  compared to €429.4 million in 2023. The sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma on January 31  2024 led to the full recognition in revenue of the remaining deferred income related to filgotinib.for the development of filgotinib with Gilead amounted to €26.0 million in 2024  compared to €429.4 million in 2023. The sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma on January 31  2024 led to the full recognition in revenue of the remaining deferred income related to filgotinib. Cost of sales related to Jyseleca® net sales were €1.7 million in 2024  compared to €18.0 million in 2023.related to Jyseleca® net sales were €1.7 million in 2024  compared to €18.0 million in 2023. R&D expenses for the filgotinib development in 2024 amounted to €8.1 million  compared to €190.2 million in 2023. Beginning February 1  2024  all filgotinib development expenses still incurred during the transition period are recharged to Alfasigma.for the filgotinib development in 2024 amounted to €8.1 million  compared to €190.2 million in 2023. Beginning February 1  2024  all filgotinib development expenses still incurred during the transition period are recharged to Alfasigma. S&M and G&A expenses related to the Jyseleca® business amounted to €12.6 million in 2024  compared to €131.3 million in 2023. Beginning February 1  2024  all remaining G&A and S&M expenses relating to Jyseleca® are recharged to Alfasigma.expenses related to the Jyseleca® business amounted to €12.6 million in 2024  compared to €131.3 million in 2023. Beginning February 1  2024  all remaining G&A and S&M expenses relating to Jyseleca® are recharged to Alfasigma. Other operating income amounted to €56.2 million in 2024 compared to €13.0 million in 2023 and comprised €52.3 million related to the gain on the sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma. The result of this transaction is considering the following elements: €50.0 million of upfront payment received at closing of the transaction  of which €40.0 million was paid on an escrow account. This amount was kept in escrow for a period of one year after the closing date of January 31  2024  and was partially released in February 2025 (the remaining part being under discussion). Galapagos gave customary representations and warranties  which are capped and limited in time. At December 31  2024  this €40.0 million is presented as ""Escrow account” in the Company's statement of financial position. €9.8 million of cash received from Alfasigma related to the closing of the transaction as well as €0.75 million of accrued negative adjustment for the settlement of net cash and working capital. €47.0 million of fair value on January 31  2024 of the future earn-outs payable by Alfasigma to Galapagos (the fair value of these future earn-outs at December 31  2024 is presented on the lines ""Non-current contingent consideration receivable” and ""Trade and other receivables”). Beginning February 1  2024  Galapagos is entitled to receive earn-outs on net sales of Jyseleca® in Europe from Alfasigma. €40.0 million of liability towards Alfasigma on January 31  2024 for R&D cost contributions of which €15.0 million was paid in 2024 (at December 31  2024  €25.0 million of liabilities for R&D cost contribution is presented in the Company's statement of financial position on the line ""Trade and other liabilities”).amounted to €56.2 million in 2024 compared to €13.0 million in 2023 and comprised €52.3 million related to the gain on the sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma. The result of this transaction is considering the following elements:attributable to the Jyseleca® business in 2024 amounted to €4.2 million  compared to a net financial income of €0.5 million in 2023. The increase is primarily attributed to the positive discounting component of the earn-outs payable by Alfasigma to Galapagos.Net profit from discontinued operations related to Jyseleca® amounted to €75.4 million  compared to net profit amounting to €215.7 million for the year 2023.Galapagos reported a net profit in 2024 of €74.1 million  compared to a net profit of €211.7 million in 2023.Cash positionFinancial investments and cash and cash equivalents totaled €3 317.8 million on December 31  2024  as compared to €3 684.5 million on December 31  2023.Total net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and financial investments amounted to €366.7 million in 2024  compared to a net decrease of €409.6 million in 2023. This net decrease was composed of (i) €374.0 million of operational cash burn including €80.4 million cash impact of business development activities  (ii) €36.9 million for the acquisition of financial assets held at fair value through other comprehensive income  (iii) €27.5 million of net cash in related to the sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma of which €40.0 million has been transferred to an escrow account  partly offset by (iv) €56.7 million of positive exchange rate differences  positive changes in fair value of current financial investments and variation in accrued interest income.Financial GuidanceAs of December 31  2024  Galapagos had €3.3 billion in cash and financial investments. Galapagos intends to separate into two publicly traded companies and to establish SpinCo with approximately €2.45 billion in current cash. Following this planned transaction  Galapagos expects its normalized annual cash burn to be between €175 million and €225 million  excluding restructuring costs. Upon separation  Galapagos expects to have approximately €500 million in cash to accelerate its pipeline and fund its operations to 2028.Annual Report 2024Galapagos is currently finalizing the financial statements for the year ended December 31  2024. The Company's independent auditor has confirmed that its audit procedures in relation to the financial information for the year ended December 31  2024  in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing are substantially completed and have not revealed any material corrections required to be made to the financial information included in this press release. Should any material changes arise during the audit's finalization  an additional press release will be issued. Galapagos aims to publish the fully audited full year 2024 annual report on  or around  March 27  2025.Conference call and webcast presentationGalapagos will host a conference call and webcast presentation on February 13  2025  at 14:00 CET / 8:00 am ET. To participate in the conference call  please register using this link. Dial-in numbers will be provided upon registration. The conference call can be accessed 10 minutes prior to the start of the call using the access information provided in the e-mail received upon registration or by using the ""call me” feature. The live webcast is available on glpg.com or via the following link. The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call on the investor section of the website.Financial calendar 2025Date Details March 27 Publication Annual Report 2024 and 20-F 2024 April 23 First quarter 2025 results (webcast April 24  2025) April 29 Annual Shareholders' meeting July 23 Half Year 2025 results (webcast July 24  2025) October 22 Third quarter 2025 results (webcast October 23  2025)We are a biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the U.S. dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class medicines. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees  and shareholders. Our goal is not just to meet current medical needs but to anticipate and shape the future of healthcare  ensuring that our innovations reach those who need them most. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X.For further information  please contact:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.06,0.22,0.72,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter Business Update', 'Full Year 2024 Results', 'Galapagos', 'fresh, stem-like early memory CAR T-treatment', 'innovative, globally scalable cell therapy platform', 'next-generation, multi-targeting, armored cell therapies', 'ongoing ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study', 'innovative decentralized cell therapy platform', 'three relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma indications', 'differentiating cell therapy platform', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'high unmet need Management', 'high unmet medical needs', 'additional aggressive B-cell malignancies', 'eight aggressive B-cell malignancies', 'lead CD19 CAR-T candidate', 'second CD19 CAR-T candidate', 'two publicly traded companies', 'normalized annual cash burni', 'fresh, fit cells', 'CELL THERAPY PORTFOLIO', 'cell therapy infusion', 'novel cell therapies', 'three NHL indications', 'CD19 CAR-T portfolio', 'significant unmet needs', 'mantle cell lymphoma', 'large B-cell lymphoma', 'CD19 CAR-T) program', 'marginal zone lymphoma', 'cell therapy pipeline', 'long-term value creation', 'rapid clinical deterioration', 'seasoned executive team', 'proven track record', 'Compelling clinical results', 'global biotechnology company', 'compelling clinical data', 'independent non-executive directors', 'Recent Business Update', 'median seven days', 'strategic transaction execution', 'innovative medicines', 'eight indications', 'two companies', 'additional indications', 'TCR-T candidate', 'transformational therapies', 'follicular lymphoma', 'financial results', 'significant strides', 'global leadership', 'median vein', 'spin-off company', 'first approval', 'conference call', 'regulated information', 'patient outcomes', 'life-changing science', 'full year', 'fourth quarter', 'date performance', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Paul Stoffels', 'IND clearance', 'strong validation', 'positive outcomes', 'progressive diseases', 'streamlined organization', 'advanced asset', 'Richter transformation', 'multiple myeloma', 'solid tumors', 'neck cancer', 'Dr. Stoffels', 'Thad Huston', 'strategic plan', 'Nomination Committee', 'biotech company-building', 'continued support', 'cash equivalents', 'transformational transactions', 'class assets', 'restructuring costs', 'New data', 'data cut-off', 'early-stage pipeline', 'GLPG5101 program', 'greatest impact', 'double-refractory CLL.', 'full potential', 'patient reach', 'same time', 'Galapagos NV', '2028 Plan', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'SpinCo', 'deals', 'cancers', 'February', '14:00 CET', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'innovation', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'oncology', 'MD', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'Board', 'FDA', 'advantages', 'conviction', 'patients', 'world', 'risk', 'goal', 'focused', 'resources', 'development', 'activities', 'GLPG5201', 'advancement', 'GLPG5301', 'hematological', 'partnership', 'Adaptimmune', 'uza-cel', 'head', 'commitment', 'Advertisement', 'CFO', 'COO', 'aim', 'mid', 'shareholders', 'employees', 'stakeholders', 'dedication', 'transition', 'separation', 'autonomy', 'range', 'ASH 2024', 'MCL', 'MZL', 'FL', 'DLBCL', 'April', '8:00']",2025-02-13,2025-02-12,manilatimes.net
48814,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64540813-galapagos-nv-galapagos-reports-full-year-2024-results-and-provides-fourth-quarter-business-update-399.htm,Galapagos NV: Galapagos Reports Full Year 2024 Results and Provides Fourth Quarter Business Update,Compelling clinical results for GLPG5101 in three NHL indications underscore potential of innovative decentralized cell therapy platform to deliver fresh  fit cells  in median seven days vein-to-vein,"Compelling clinical results for GLPG5101 in three NHL indications underscore potential of innovative decentralized cell therapy platform to deliver fresh  fit cells  in median seven days vein-to-veinFocusing on accelerating GLPG5101 program  expanding to eight indications with significant unmet needs  and aiming for first approval by 2028Plan to separate into two companies listed on Nasdaq and Euronext  with SpinCo to build a pipeline through deals and Galapagos to advance novel cell therapies for cancers of high unmet needManagement to host conference call tomorrow  February 13  2025  at 14:00 CET / 8:00 am ETMechelen  Belgium; February 12  2025  22:01 CET; regulated information - Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG)  a global biotechnology company dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation  today reported its financial results for the full year 2024 and provided an update on the fourth quarter 2024 and its year-to-date performance.""We are making significant strides to position Galapagos for long-term value creation and to advance our global leadership in cell therapy by addressing high unmet medical needs in oncology "" said Paul Stoffels1  MD  CEO and Chair of the Board of Directors of Galapagos. ""With the FDA's IND clearance and the compelling clinical data we presented at ASH for our lead CD19 CAR-T candidate  GLPG5101  in three relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma indications  there is strong validation of our innovative  globally scalable cell therapy platform to deliver fresh  stem-like early memory CAR T-treatment in a median vein-to-vein time of seven days. These advantages further reinforce our conviction that GLPG5101 can drive positive outcomes for patients around the world with rapidly progressive diseases  including those who are at risk of rapid clinical deterioration.""In line with our goal of becoming a more focused and streamlined organization  we are optimizing our CD19 CAR-T portfolio by prioritizing resources where they can have the greatest impact. We are expanding the development of GLPG5101  our most advanced asset by extending its reach into additional aggressive B-cell malignancies  including Richter transformation of CLL  and are taking action to expand into double-refractory CLL. We are deprioritizing activities related to GLPG5201  our second CD19 CAR-T candidate  pending the advancement of GLPG5101 in those additional indications. At the same time  we are advancing the Phase 1/2 study of GLPG5301 in multiple myeloma while strengthening our early-stage pipeline of next-generation  multi-targeting  armored cell therapies for hematological and solid tumors  accelerating innovation and driving long-term value creation. Additionally  through our partnership with Adaptimmune  we are progressing uza-cel  a TCR-T candidate for head and neck cancer  reinforcing our commitment to delivering transformational therapies "" concluded Dr. Stoffels.Thad Huston  CFO and COO of Galapagos  added  ""We continue to advance our strategic plan to separate into two publicly traded companies to be listed on Euronext and Nasdaq  Galapagos and SpinCo  with the aim to complete the transaction by mid-2025. Our Board  supported by the Nomination Committee  is actively working on recruiting a seasoned executive team and independent non-executive directors with a proven track record in biotech company-building and strategic transaction execution for SpinCo. We thank our shareholders  employees  and all stakeholders for their continued support and dedication as we work through this planned transition. We ended 2024 with €3.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents  of which approximately €2.45 billion will be used to capitalize SpinCo  the newly to be formed spin-off company  which will focus on building a pipeline of innovative medicines through transformational transactions. At the time of the separation  Galapagos will have approximately €500 million in cash and autonomy to unlock the full potential of its differentiating cell therapy platform and to accelerate its cell therapy pipeline of potentially best-in-class assets  addressing high unmet medical needs in oncology. Galapagos expects to have a normalized annual cash burni in the range of €175 million to €225 million  excluding restructuring costs  upon separation.""Fourth Quarter 2024 and Recent Business UpdateCELL THERAPY PORTFOLIOGLPG5101 (CD19 CAR-T) program to expand to eight aggressive B-cell malignancies  broadening patient reach and impactNew data from the ongoing ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study presented at ASH 2024 included updated data on patients with mantle cell lymphoma (MCL)  marginal zone lymphoma (MZL) / follicular lymphoma (FL)  and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL). As of the data cut-off on April 25  2024  49 patients had received cell therapy infusion  and safety and efficacy results were available for 45 patients and 42 patients  respectively. The results are summarized below: High objective response rates (ORR) and complete response rates (CRR) were observed in the pooled Phase 1 and Phase 2 efficacy analysis set  split by indication: In MCL  all 8 of 8 efficacy-evaluable patients responded to treatment (ORR and CRR 100%). In MZL/FL  objective and complete responses were observed in 20 of 21 efficacy-evaluable patients (ORR and CRR 95%). In DLBCL  9 of 13 efficacy-evaluable patients responded to treatment (ORR 69%)  with 7 patients achieving a complete response (CRR 54%). Of the 7 patients with DLBCL who received the higher dose  6 responded to treatment (ORR 86%) with 5 achieved a complete response (CRR 71%). Of the 15 minimal residual disease (MRD)-evaluable patients with a complete response  12 patients (80%) achieved MRD negativity and remained in complete response at data cut-off. The median study follow-up was 3.3 months for FL and DLBCL with a range of 0.9-21.2 months  and 4.4 months for MCL with a range of 1-24.4 months. GLPG5101 showed an encouraging safety profile  with the majority of Grade = 3 treatment emergent adverse events being hematological. One case of CRS Grade 3 was observed in Phase 1 and one case of ICANS Grade 3 was observed in Phase 2. 96% of patients (47 of 49) received an infusion with fresh  fit  stem-like early memory CD19 CAR T-cell therapy  with 91.5% (43 of 47) achieving a vein-to-vein time of seven days  thereby avoiding cryopreservation  and eliminating the need for bridging therapy. Strong and consistent in vivo CAR-T expansion levels and products consisting of stem-like  early memory phenotype T cells were observed in all doses tested.Beyond MCL  MZL/FL and DLBCL  the ATALANTA-1 study also includes high-risk first line DLBCL  Burkitt lymphoma (BL)  and primary CNS lymphoma (PCNSL). Patient recruitment is ongoing in Europe  and with U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Investigational New Drug (IND) application clearance secured  and leading cancer centers in Boston engaged  we continue to work towards enrolling the first U.S. patient into the study. Boston-based Landmark Bio is operational and serves as the decentralized manufacturing unit (DMU) for ATALANTA-1. Galapagos aims to present additional new data at a medical meeting in 2025.Building on these encouraging data and in line with its goal to streamline the business  Galapagos is focusing its resources on accelerating GLPG5101 as its flagship CD19 CAR-T program  and pending the advancement of GLPG5101 in additional indications  is deprioritizing activities for GLPG5201  the Company's second CD19 CAR-T candidate. With the addition of double-refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and Richter transformation (RT) of CLL  both indications with significant unmet needs  GLPG5101 would be developed across eight aggressive B-cell malignancies  further unlocking its broad potential to address significant unmet medical needs.Galapagos is preparing to initiate pivotal development in 2026 and is aiming for a first approval in 2028. To support those goals  and supported by its strong collaborations with Lonza (for the Cocoon® platform) and Thermo Fisher Scientific (for the development of an ultra-rapid PCR sterility test together with miDiagnostics)  the Company is scaling up manufacturing capacity at its existing DMUs in the U.S.  including Landmark Bio (Boston area)  Excellos (San Diego area)  and recently signed Catalent (New Jersey  New York  and surrounding areas)  as well as at multiple DMUs in key European markets. Additional DMUs will be integrated into the Company's network to ensure sufficient capacity to support its future pivotal studies in key regions.GLPG5301 (BCMA CAR-T) in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (R/R MM)The Phase 1 part of the PAPILIO-1 Phase 1/2 is currently recruiting patients. Upon completion of Phase 1 and analysis of the data  Galapagos will evaluate the most appropriate development strategy and next steps. The Company aims to present Phase 1 data at a future medical conference.Early-stage pipeline comprising ten potential best-in-class cell therapies in hematology and solid tumorsGalapagos' proprietary early-stage pipeline provides a strong foundation for sustainable value-creation. It comprises multi-targeting  armored cell therapy constructs designed to improve potency  prevent resistance  and improve persistence of CAR-Ts in hematological and solid tumors. The Company plans to initiate clinical development of a novel CAR-T candidate in 2025 and expand its clinical pipeline of next-generation programs with the addition of two new clinical assets in 2026.Galapagos presented strong preclinical proof-of-concept data at ASH for uza-cel  a MAGE-A4 directed TCR T-cell therapy candidate in head and neck cancer  in partnership with Adaptimmune. The data demonstrated that Galapagos' decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform can produce uza-cel with features that may result in improved efficacy and durability of response in the clinic compared with the existing manufacturing procedure. Preparations are ongoing with the goal to start clinical development in 2026.SMALL MOLECULE PORTFOLIOGalapagos is advancing its TYK2 inhibitor  GLPG3667  in two Phase 3-enabling studies for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and dermatomyositis (DM). Screening for the SLE study was completed in January 2025  ahead of schedule. Topline results for the entire GLPG3667 program are anticipated in the first half of 2026.Following the planned strategic reorganization as announced early this year  Galapagos is seeking potential partners to take over its small molecule assets  including GLPG3667 for SLE  DM  and other potential auto-immune indications.POST-PERIOD EVENTSOn January 8  2025  Galapagos announced a plan to separate into two publicly traded entities aimed at unlocking shareholder value and creating strategic focus. SpinCo (to be named later) will be a newly formed company with approximately €2.45 billion in current Galapagos cash  focusing on building a pipeline of innovative medicines through transformational transactions  with Gilead as a strategic partner. SpinCo will establish a Board of Directors with the majority of its members being independent. SpinCo will be led by a small seasoned executive team with a proven track record in biotechnology company-building and strategic transaction execution. SpinCo plans to apply for listing on Nasdaq and Euronext  with all Galapagos shareholders receiving SpinCo shares on a pro rata basis  proportional to their ownership of Galapagos shares as of a record date to be established. As of the separation  the global Option  License and Collaboration Agreement with Gilead (OLCA) will be assumed by SpinCo. For future transactions  Gilead has committed to negotiating in good faith amendments to the OLCA on a transaction-by-transaction basis to achieve positive value for SpinCo and all of its shareholders. To date  Gilead has demonstrated flexibility in amending the key financial and structural terms of the OLCA to support Galapagos in its assessment of potential business development opportunities to enable value creation. We expect incentives between SpinCo and Gilead to be aligned such that SpinCo can pursue high-quality assets  fund development and invest in its portfolio  so that potential significant future value creation is retained for SpinCo and all of its shareholders. Galapagos will focus on unlocking the broad potential of its innovative decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform  enabling the delivery of fresh  early stem-like memory cell therapy within a median vein-to-vein time of seven days  and advancing its cell therapy pipeline of potentially best-in-class assets which will not be subject to the OLCA as of the separation. Galapagos will have approximately €500 million in cash at the expected time of the spin-off of SpinCo  providing it a cash runway to 2028. To advance its goal of becoming a global leader in cell therapy in oncology and as part of its focused strategy and optimized capital allocation  Galapagos will seek partners for its small molecule assets.Financial performanceFull year 2024 key figures (consolidated)(€ millions  except basic & diluted earnings per share)December 31  2024 December 31  2023 % Change Supply revenues 34.8 -Collaboration revenues 240.8 239.7 +0% Total net revenues 275.6 239.7 +15% Cost of sales (34.8) -R&D expenses (335.5) (241.3) +39% G&Aii and S&Miii expenses (134.4) (134.0) +0% Other operating income 40.8 47.3 -14% Operating loss (188.3) (88.3)Fair value adjustments and net exchange differences 95.8 16.3Net other financial result 89.4 77.6 +15% Income taxes 1.8 (9.6)Net loss from continuing operations (1.3) (4.0)Net profit from discontinued operations  net of tax 75.4 215.7Net profit of the year 74.1 211.7Basic and diluted earnings per share (€) 1.12 3.21Financial investments  cash & cash equivalents 3 317.8 3 684.5DETAILS OF THE FULL YEAR 2024 FINANCIAL RESULTSThe planned strategic reorganization and separation into two publicly traded companies announced on January 8  2025  was assessed to be a non-adjusting subsequent event for the financial statements for the year ended December 31  2024. Further information will be disclosed in the Annual Report 2024.As a consequence of the transfer of its Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma  the revenues and costs related to Jyseleca® for the full years 2024 and 2023 are presented separately from the results of the Company's continuing operations on the line 'Net profit from discontinued operations  net of tax' in the consolidated income statement.Results from continuing operationsTotal operating loss from continuing operations amounted to €188.3 million in 2024  compared to an operating loss of €88.3 million in 2023.Total net revenues amounted to €275.6 million in 2024  compared to €239.7 million last year. The revenue recognition related to the exclusive access rights granted to Gilead for Galapagos' drug discovery platform amounted to €230.2 million in 2024  compared to €230.2 million in 2023. Galapagos also recognized royalty income from Gilead for Jyseleca® for €10.6 million in 2024  compared to €9.5 million in 2023. The deferred income balance at December 31  2024 includes €1.1 billion allocated to the Company's drug discovery platform.amounted to €275.6 million in 2024  compared to €239.7 million last year. The revenue recognition related to the exclusive access rights granted to Gilead for Galapagos' drug discovery platform amounted to €230.2 million in 2024  compared to €230.2 million in 2023. Galapagos also recognized royalty income from Gilead for Jyseleca® for €10.6 million in 2024  compared to €9.5 million in 2023. The deferred income balance at December 31  2024 includes €1.1 billion allocated to the Company's drug discovery platform. Cost of sales amounted to €34.8 million in 2024 and related to the supply of Jyseleca® to Alfasigma under the transition agreement. The related revenues are reported in total net revenues.amounted to €34.8 million in 2024 and related to the supply of Jyseleca® to Alfasigma under the transition agreement. The related revenues are reported in total net revenues. R&D expenses in 2024 amounted to €335.5 million  compared to €241.3 million in 2023. Subcontracting costs increased by €77.1 million from €83.0 million in 2023 to €160.1 million in 2024 primarily driven by the cell therapy programs in oncology. Depreciation and impairment costs in 2024 amounted to €35.4 million  compared to €22.3 million in 2023. Personnel costs decreased from €95.8 million in 2023 to €87.7 million in 2024 primarily due to lower accelerated non-cash cost recognition for subscription right plans related to good leavers and reduced severance costs.in 2024 amounted to €335.5 million  compared to €241.3 million in 2023. Subcontracting costs increased by €77.1 million from €83.0 million in 2023 to €160.1 million in 2024 primarily driven by the cell therapy programs in oncology. Depreciation and impairment costs in 2024 amounted to €35.4 million  compared to €22.3 million in 2023. Personnel costs decreased from €95.8 million in 2023 to €87.7 million in 2024 primarily due to lower accelerated non-cash cost recognition for subscription right plans related to good leavers and reduced severance costs. S&M and G&A expenses amounted to €134.4 million in 2024  compared to €134.0 million in 2023. The increase in S&M and G&A expenses was mainly due to higher legal and professional fees amounting to €34.9 million compared to €23.4 million in 2023 related to corporate projects and strategic investments. This increase was offset by a decrease in personnel costs amounting to €59.2 million in 2024 (€69.1 million in 2023) and a decrease in depreciation and impairment amounting to €13.2 million in 2024 compared to €16.1 million in 2023.amounted to €134.4 million in 2024  compared to €134.0 million in 2023. The increase in S&M and G&A expenses was mainly due to higher legal and professional fees amounting to €34.9 million compared to €23.4 million in 2023 related to corporate projects and strategic investments. This increase was offset by a decrease in personnel costs amounting to €59.2 million in 2024 (€69.1 million in 2023) and a decrease in depreciation and impairment amounting to €13.2 million in 2024 compared to €16.1 million in 2023. Other operating income of €47.3 million in 2023 decreased to €40.8 million in 2024  mainly driven by lower grant and R&D incentives income.Net financial income in 2024 amounted to €185.2 million  compared to net financial income of €93.9 million in 2023.Fair value adjustments and net currency exchange results amounted to €95.8 million in 2024  compared to fair value adjustments and net currency exchange results in 2023 of €16.3 million and were primarily attributable to €73.7 million of positive changes in fair value of current financial investments  and to €22.2 million of unrealized currency exchange gains on our cash and cash equivalents and current financial investments at amortized cost in U.S. dollars.amounted to €95.8 million in 2024  compared to fair value adjustments and net currency exchange results in 2023 of €16.3 million and were primarily attributable to €73.7 million of positive changes in fair value of current financial investments  and to €22.2 million of unrealized currency exchange gains on our cash and cash equivalents and current financial investments at amortized cost in U.S. dollars. Net other financial income in 2024 amounted to €89.4 million  compared to net other financial income of €77.6 million in 2023. Net interest income amounted to €88.5 million in 2024 compared to €77.5 million of net interest income in 2023  due to an increase in the interest rates.Galapagos had €1.8 million of tax income in 2024  compared to €9.6 million of tax expenses in 2023. This decrease was primarily due to the re-assessment in 2023 of net deferred tax liabilities and corporate income tax payables due to a one-off intercompany transaction.The Company reported a net loss from continuing operations in 2024 of €1.3 million  compared to a net loss from its continuing operations of €4.0 million in 2023.Results from discontinued operations(€ millions)December 31  2024 December 31  2023 % Change Product net sales 11.5 112.3 -90% Collaboration revenues 26.0 431.5 -94% Total net revenues 37.5 543.8 -93% Cost of sales (1.7) (18.0) -91% R&D expenses (8.1) (190.2) -96% G&Aii and S&Miii expenses (12.6) (131.3) -90% Other operating income 56.2 13.0 +332% Operating profit 71.3 217.3 -67% Net financial result 4.2 0.5Income taxes (0.1) (2.1)Net profit from discontinued operations 75.4 215.7Total operating profit from discontinued operations amounted to €71.3 million in 2024  compared to an operating profit of €217.3 million in 2023.Product net sales of Jyseleca® in Europe were €11.5 million in 2024  which consisted of sales to customers in January 2024. Product net sales to customers in 2023 amounted to €112.3 million. Beginning February 1  2024  all economics linked to the sales of Jyseleca® in Europe are to the benefit of Alfasigma.of Jyseleca® in Europe were €11.5 million in 2024  which consisted of sales to customers in January 2024. Product net sales to customers in 2023 amounted to €112.3 million. Beginning February 1  2024  all economics linked to the sales of Jyseleca® in Europe are to the benefit of Alfasigma. Collaboration revenues for the development of filgotinib with Gilead amounted to €26.0 million in 2024  compared to €429.4 million in 2023. The sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma on January 31  2024 led to the full recognition in revenue of the remaining deferred income related to filgotinib.for the development of filgotinib with Gilead amounted to €26.0 million in 2024  compared to €429.4 million in 2023. The sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma on January 31  2024 led to the full recognition in revenue of the remaining deferred income related to filgotinib. Cost of sales related to Jyseleca® net sales were €1.7 million in 2024  compared to €18.0 million in 2023.related to Jyseleca® net sales were €1.7 million in 2024  compared to €18.0 million in 2023. R&D expenses for the filgotinib development in 2024 amounted to €8.1 million  compared to €190.2 million in 2023. Beginning February 1  2024  all filgotinib development expenses still incurred during the transition period are recharged to Alfasigma.for the filgotinib development in 2024 amounted to €8.1 million  compared to €190.2 million in 2023. Beginning February 1  2024  all filgotinib development expenses still incurred during the transition period are recharged to Alfasigma. S&M and G&A expenses related to the Jyseleca® business amounted to €12.6 million in 2024  compared to €131.3 million in 2023. Beginning February 1  2024  all remaining G&A and S&M expenses relating to Jyseleca® are recharged to Alfasigma.expenses related to the Jyseleca® business amounted to €12.6 million in 2024  compared to €131.3 million in 2023. Beginning February 1  2024  all remaining G&A and S&M expenses relating to Jyseleca® are recharged to Alfasigma. Other operating income amounted to €56.2 million in 2024 compared to €13.0 million in 2023 and comprised €52.3 million related to the gain on the sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma. The result of this transaction is considering the following elements: €50.0 million of upfront payment received at closing of the transaction  of which €40.0 million was paid on an escrow account. This amount was kept in escrow for a period of one year after the closing date of January 31  2024  and was partially released in February 2025 (the remaining part being under discussion). Galapagos gave customary representations and warranties  which are capped and limited in time. At December 31  2024  this €40.0 million is presented as ""Escrow account"" in the Company's statement of financial position. €9.8 million of cash received from Alfasigma related to the closing of the transaction as well as €0.75 million of accrued negative adjustment for the settlement of net cash and working capital. €47.0 million of fair value on January 31  2024 of the future earn-outs payable by Alfasigma to Galapagos (the fair value of these future earn-outs at December 31  2024 is presented on the lines ""Non-current contingent consideration receivable"" and ""Trade and other receivables""). Beginning February 1  2024  Galapagos is entitled to receive earn-outs on net sales of Jyseleca® in Europe from Alfasigma. €40.0 million of liability towards Alfasigma on January 31  2024 for R&D cost contributions of which €15.0 million was paid in 2024 (at December 31  2024  €25.0 million of liabilities for R&D cost contribution is presented in the Company's statement of financial position on the line ""Trade and other liabilities"").amounted to €56.2 million in 2024 compared to €13.0 million in 2023 and comprised €52.3 million related to the gain on the sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma. The result of this transaction is considering the following elements:Net financial income attributable to the Jyseleca® business in 2024 amounted to €4.2 million  compared to a net financial income of €0.5 million in 2023. The increase is primarily attributed to the positive discounting component of the earn-outs payable by Alfasigma to Galapagos.Net profit from discontinued operations related to Jyseleca® amounted to €75.4 million  compared to net profit amounting to €215.7 million for the year 2023.Galapagos reported a net profit in 2024 of €74.1 million  compared to a net profit of €211.7 million in 2023.Cash positionFinancial investments and cash and cash equivalents totaled €3 317.8 million on December 31  2024  as compared to €3 684.5 million on December 31  2023.Total net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and financial investments amounted to €366.7 million in 2024  compared to a net decrease of €409.6 million in 2023. This net decrease was composed of (i) €374.0 million of operational cash burn including €80.4 million cash impact of business development activities  (ii) €36.9 million for the acquisition of financial assets held at fair value through other comprehensive income  (iii) €27.5 million of net cash in related to the sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma of which €40.0 million has been transferred to an escrow account  partly offset by (iv) €56.7 million of positive exchange rate differences  positive changes in fair value of current financial investments and variation in accrued interest income.Financial GuidanceAs of December 31  2024  Galapagos had €3.3 billion in cash and financial investments. Galapagos intends to separate into two publicly traded companies and to establish SpinCo with approximately €2.45 billion in current cash. Following this planned transaction  Galapagos expects its normalized annual cash burn to be between €175 million and €225 million  excluding restructuring costs. Upon separation  Galapagos expects to have approximately €500 million in cash to accelerate its pipeline and fund its operations to 2028.Annual Report 2024Galapagos is currently finalizing the financial statements for the year ended December 31  2024. The Company's independent auditor has confirmed that its audit procedures in relation to the financial information for the year ended December 31  2024  in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing are substantially completed and have not revealed any material corrections required to be made to the financial information included in this press release. Should any material changes arise during the audit's finalization  an additional press release will be issued. Galapagos aims to publish the fully audited full year 2024 annual report on  or around  March 27  2025.Conference call and webcast presentationGalapagos will host a conference call and webcast presentation on February 13  2025  at 14:00 CET / 8:00 am ET. To participate in the conference call  please register using this link. Dial-in numbers will be provided upon registration. The conference call can be accessed 10 minutes prior to the start of the call using the access information provided in the e-mail received upon registration or by using the ""call me"" feature. The live webcast is available on glpg.comor via the following link. The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call on the investor section of the website.Financial calendar 2025Date Details March 27 Publication Annual Report 2024 and 20-F 2024 April 23 First quarter 2025 results (webcast April 24  2025) April 29 Annual Shareholders' meeting July 23 Half Year 2025 results (webcast July 24  2025) October 22 Third quarter 2025 results (webcast October 23  2025)About GalapagosWe are a biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the U.S. dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class medicines. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees  and shareholders. Our goal is not just to meet current medical needs but to anticipate and shape the future of healthcare  ensuring that our innovations reach those who need them most. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.comor follow us on LinkedInor X.For further information  please contact:Media inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Investor inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603Sandra Cauwenberghs+32 495 58 46 63media@glpg.com (mailto:media@glpg.com) ir@glpg.com (mailto:ir@glpg.com)Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as ""believe "" ""anticipate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""plan "" ""seek "" ""upcoming "" ""future "" ""estimate "" ""may "" ""will "" ""could "" ""would "" ""potential "" ""forward "" ""goal "" ""next "" ""continue "" ""should "" ""encouraging "" ""aim "" ""progress "" ""remain ' ""explore "" ""further"" as well as similar expressions. These statements include  but are not limited to  the guidance from management regarding our financial results (including guidance regarding the expected operational use of cash for the fiscal year 2024)  statements regarding the intended separation of Galapagos into two public companies  the corporate reorganization and related transactions  including the expected timeline of such transactions  anticipated changes to the management and Board of Directors of each of Galapagos and SpinCo  the anticipated benefits and synergies of such transactions; the receipt of regulatory and shareholder approvals for such transactions; and the anticipated cash burn and cash runway of Galapagos following such transactions  statements regarding capital allocation and the intended deprioritization of GLPG5201  statements regarding our regulatory outlook  statements regarding the amount and timing of potential future milestones  and potential future milestone payments  statements regarding our R&D plans  strategy and outlook  including progress on our oncology or immunology portfolio  and potential changes in such strategy and plans  statements regarding our pipeline and complementary technology platforms facilitating future growth  statements regarding our product candidates and partnered programs  and any of our future product candidates or approved products  if any  statements regarding the global R&D collaboration with Gilead and the amendment of our arrangement with Gilead for the commercialization and development of filgotinib statements regarding the expected timing  design and readouts of our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials  including but not limited to (i) GLPG3667 in SLE and DM  (ii) GLPG5101 in R/R NHL  and (v) GLPG5301 in R/R MM  including recruitment for trials and interim or topline results for trials and studies in our portfolio  statements regarding the potential attributes and benefits of our product candidates  statements regarding our commercialization efforts for our product candidates and any of our future approved products  if any  statements about potential future commercial manufacturing of T-cell therapies  statements related to the IND application for the Phase 1/2 ATALANTA-1 study  statements related to the anticipated timing for submissions to regulatory agencies  including any INDs or CTAs  statements relating to the development of our distributed manufacturing capabilities on a global basis  and statements related to our portfolio goals  business plans  and sustainability plans. Galapagos cautions the reader that forward-looking statements are based on our management's current expectations and beliefs and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause actual events  financial condition and liquidity  performance or achievements  or the industry in which we operate  to be materially different from any historic or future results  financial conditions  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if our results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. Such risks include  but are not limited to  the risk that our expectations and management's guidance regarding our 2024 operating expenses  cash burn and other financial estimates may be incorrect (including because one or more of its assumptions underlying our revenue or expense expectations may not be realized)  he risks associated with the anticipated transactions  including the risk that regulatory and shareholder approvals required in connection with the transactions will not be received or obtained within the expected time frame or at all  the risk that the transactions and/or the necessary conditions to consummate the transactions will not be satisfied on a timely basis or at all  uncertainties regarding our ability to successfully separate Galapagos into two companies and realize the anticipated benefits from the separation within the expected time frame or at all  the two separate companies' ability to succeed as stand-alone  publicly traded companies  the risk that costs of restructuring transactions and other costs incurred in connection with the transactions will exceed our estimates  the impact of the transactions on our businesses and the risk that the transactions may be more difficult  time consuming or costly than expected  risks associated with Galapagos' product candidates and partnered programs  including GLPG5101 and uza-cel  the risk that ongoing and future clinical trials may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trials  recruitment of patients  product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including the risk that data from Galapagos' ongoing and planned clinical research programs in DM  SLE  R/R NHL  RT  R/R MM and other oncologic indications or any other indications or diseases  may not support registration or further development of its product candidates due to safety or efficacy concerns or other reasons)  the risk that we may not be able to realize the expected benefits from the appointment (by way of co-optation) of the new Director  the risk that the preliminary and topline data from our studies  including the ATALANTA-1 and PAPILIO-1-studies  may not be reflective of the final data  risks related to our reliance on collaborations with third parties (including  but not limited to  our collaboration partners Gilead  Lonza  Adaptimmune and Blood Centers of America)  the risk that the transfer of the Jyseleca® business will not have the currently expected results for our business and results of operations the risk that we will not be able to continue to execute on our currently contemplated business plan and/or will revise our business plan  including the risk that our plans with respect to CAR-T may not be achieved on the currently anticipated timeline or at all  the risk that our estimates regarding the commercial potential of our product candidates (if approved) or expectations regarding the costs and revenues associated with the commercialization rights may be inaccurate  and risks related to our strategic transformation exercise  including the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of such exercise on the currently envisaged timeline or at all. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in our filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including in our most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and our subsequent filings and reports filed with the SEC. Given these risks and uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if the result of our operations  financial condition and liquidity  or the industry in which we operate  are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results  performance or achievements in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances  unless specifically required by law or regulation.1 Throughout this press release  'Dr. Paul Stoffels' should be read as 'Dr. Paul Stoffels  acting via Stoffels IMC BV'i The operational cash burn (or operational cash flow if this liquidity measure is positive) is equal to the increase or decrease in the cash and cash equivalents (excluding the effect of exchange rate differences on cash and cash equivalents)  minus:• the net proceeds  if any  from share capital and share premium increases included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) financing activities• the net proceeds or cash used  if any  related to the acquisitions or disposals of businesses; the acquisition of financial assets held at fair value through other comprehensive income; the movement in restricted cash and movement in financial investments  if any  the cash advances and loans given to third parties  if any  included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) investing activities• the cash used for other liabilities related to the acquisition or disposal of businesses  if any  included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) operating activities.This alternative liquidity measure is in the view of the Company an important metric for a biotech company in the development stage. The operational cash burn for the year 2024 amounted to €374.0 million and can be reconciled to the cash flow statement by considering the decrease in cash and cash equivalents of €104.4 million  adjusted by (i) the net sale of financial investments amounting to €319.0 million  (ii) the cash-out related to the sale of subsidiaries of €12.5 million  and (iii) the acquisition of financial assets held at fair value through other comprehensive income of €36.9 million.ii General and administrativeiii Sales and marketingAttachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.03,0.33,0.64,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter Business Update', 'Full Year 2024 Results', 'Galapagos NV', 'Galapagos Reports', 'fresh, stem-like early memory CAR T-treatment', 'innovative, globally scalable cell therapy platform', 'next-generation, multi-targeting, armored cell therapies', 'innovative decentralized cell therapy platform', 'ongoing ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study', 'three relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma indications', 'differentiating cell therapy platform', 'high unmet need Management', 'high unmet medical needs', 'High objective response rates', 'additional aggressive B-cell malignancies', 'eight aggressive B-cell malignancies', 'lead CD19 CAR-T candidate', 'second CD19 CAR-T candidate', 'two publicly traded companies', 'normalized annual cash burni', 'fresh, fit cells', 'CELL THERAPY PORTFOLIO', 'cell therapy infusion', 'novel cell therapies', 'three NHL indications', 'CD19 CAR-T portfolio', 'complete response rates', 'significant unmet needs', 'mantle cell lymphoma', 'large B-cell lymphoma', 'CD19 CAR-T) program', 'marginal zone lymphoma', 'cell therapy pipeline', 'long-term value creation', 'rapid clinical deterioration', 'seasoned executive team', 'proven track record', 'Compelling clinical results', 'global biotechnology company', 'compelling clinical data', 'independent non-executive directors', 'Recent Business Update', 'median seven days', 'strategic transaction execution', 'innovative medicines', 'eight indications', 'two companies', 'additional indications', 'TCR-T candidate', 'transformational therapies', 'follicular lymphoma', 'significant strides', 'global leadership', 'median vein', 'spin-off company', 'first approval', 'conference call', 'regulated information', 'patient outcomes', 'life-changing science', 'financial results', 'full year', 'fourth quarter', 'date performance', 'Paul Stoffels', 'IND clearance', 'strong validation', 'positive outcomes', 'progressive diseases', 'streamlined organization', 'advanced asset', 'Richter transformation', 'multiple myeloma', 'solid tumors', 'neck cancer', 'Dr. Stoffels', 'Thad Huston', 'strategic plan', 'Nomination Committee', 'biotech company-building', 'continued support', 'cash equivalents', 'transformational transactions', 'class assets', 'restructuring costs', 'New data', 'data cut-off', 'efficacy results', 'early-stage pipeline', 'GLPG5101 program', 'greatest impact', 'double-refractory CLL.', 'full potential', 'patient reach', 'same time', 'Galapagos NV', '2028 Plan', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'SpinCo', 'deals', 'cancers', 'February', '14:00 CET', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'innovation', 'oncology', 'MD', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'Board', 'FDA', 'advantages', 'conviction', 'patients', 'world', 'risk', 'goal', 'focused', 'resources', 'development', 'activities', 'GLPG5201', 'advancement', 'GLPG5301', 'hematological', 'partnership', 'Adaptimmune', 'uza-cel', 'head', 'commitment', 'CFO', 'COO', 'aim', 'mid', 'shareholders', 'employees', 'stakeholders', 'dedication', 'transition', 'separation', 'autonomy', 'range', 'ASH 2024', 'MCL', 'MZL', 'FL', 'DLBCL', 'April', 'safety', 'ORR', 'CRR', '8:00', '22']",2025-02-06,2025-02-12,finanznachrichten.de
48815,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/other/prodways-group-maintains-stable-revenue-and-plans-euronext-growth-transfer/ar-AA1yVth0,Prodways Group Maintains Stable Revenue and Plans Euronext Growth Transfer,An update from Prodways Group SA ( ($FR:PWG) ) is now available. Prodways Group reported stable revenue on a comparable basis for 2024 at €59,An update from Prodways Group SA ( ($FR:PWG) ) is now available. Prodways Group reported stable revenue on a comparable basis for 2024 at €59,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Transfer', 'Prodways Group', 'Stable Revenue', 'Plans', 'Prodways Group SA', 'stable revenue', 'comparable basis', 'update', 'PWG']",2025-02-12,2025-02-12,msn.com
48816,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businessweekly.co.uk/posts/benevolentai-delists-and-merges-with-osaka-holdings,BenevolentAI delists and merges with Osaka Holdings,BenevolentAI  a pioneer in AI-driven drug discovery with Cambridge facilities at Babraham Hall  is demerging from Euronext Amsterdam via a merger with Japanese-owned Osaka Holdings. The move will transition the business to a private company structure.,The move will transition the business to a private company structure. BenevolentAI says the decision will simplify the share structure and related instruments and thereby cut the current complexity and administrative overheads seen as holding back the growth of the business.On the merger  scheduled for completion on March 12  all BenevolentAI’s assets  liabilities  rights and obligations will transfers to Osaka Holdings under universal title of succession.Kenneth Mulvany  Executive Chair of BenevolentAI  said: “After careful review and  in particular  consideration of the costs attributable to the company maintaining its listing on Euronext  the Board has unanimously concluded that the proposed delisting is in the best interests of BenevolentAI and its shareholders.“The Board is firmly of the view that the company must prioritise investment that accelerates its innovation cycle and enhances product development. The proposed delisting is a crucial component of the company’s capital allocation and fiscal efficiency.”BenevolentAI serves patients by leveraging its proprietary and validated Benevolent Platform™ that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology and predict novel targets for complex diseases. Its advanced AI tools and scientific expertise have nudged BenevolentAI to the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.,neutral,0.26,0.65,0.09,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['BenevolentAI delists', 'Osaka Holdings', 'merges', 'advanced AI tools', 'private company structure', 'share structure', 'related instruments', 'current complexity', 'administrative overheads', 'Osaka Holdings', 'universal title', 'Kenneth Mulvany', 'Executive Chair', 'careful review', 'best interests', 'innovation cycle', 'product development', 'crucial component', 'capital allocation', 'fiscal efficiency', 'Benevolent Platform™', 'new biology', 'novel targets', 'complex diseases', 'scientific expertise', 'drug discovery', 'innovative medicines', 'move', 'business', 'BenevolentAI', 'decision', 'growth', 'merger', 'completion', 'March', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'rights', 'obligations', 'succession', 'consideration', 'costs', 'listing', 'Euronext', 'Board', 'shareholders', 'The', 'investment', 'patients', 'proprietary', 'science', 'forefront', 'future']",2025-02-12,2025-02-12,businessweekly.co.uk
