UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
40504,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TALANX-AG-11603589/news/Talanx-Announcement-on-dividend-and-appropriation-of-profit-46651144/,Talanx : Announcement on dividend and appropriation of profit,(marketscreener.com)   This is a translation. Only the German version of this document is legally binding. This translation is provided to shareholders for   convenience purposes only.   Talanx Aktiengesellschaft   Hannover   German Securities C…,"This is a translation. Only the German version of this document is legally binding. This translation is provided to shareholders forconvenience purposes only.Talanx AktiengesellschaftHannoverGerman Securities Code (WKN): TLX100.ISIN DE000TLX1005Announcement on dividend and appropriation of profitThe Annual General Meeting of Talanx Aktiengesellschaft on 7 May 2024 resolved to distribute from the net profit for the financial year 2023 of EUR 1 400 937 000.00 reported in the approved annual financial statements as of 31 December 2023  a partial amount of EUR 606 838 128.85 to distribute a dividend of EUR 2.35 on each eligible no-par-value share and to carry forward the remaining amount of EUR 794 098 871.15 to new account. The dividend is payable as of 13 May 2024.The dividend will be paid on 13 May 2024 by the depositary banks via Clearstream Banking AG  Frankfurt am Main  after deduction of 25% capital gains tax and the 5.5% solidarity surcharge thereon (26.375% in total) and  where applicable  church tax on the capital gains tax. The central paying agent is Deutsche Bank AG.The deduction of capital gains tax and the solidarity surcharge does not apply to shareholders who have submitted to their custodian bank a ""non-assessment certificate"" from the tax office responsible for them. In this case  the tax credit is also refunded by the paying bank. The same applies in full or in part to shareholders who have submitted an exemption order to their depositary bank  provided that the exemption volume specified in this order has not already been used up by other income from capital assets.In the case of foreign shareholders  the withheld capital gains tax  including the solidarity surcharge  may be reduced in accordance with existing agreements for the avoidance of double taxation between the Federal Republic of Germany and the country concerned.Hannover  May 2024Talanx AktiengesellschaftThe Board of Management",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.55,0.43,0.02,True,English,"['Talanx', 'Announcement', 'dividend', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'annual financial statements', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'German Securities Code', 'central paying agent', '25% capital gains tax', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'The Board', 'capital assets', 'paying bank', 'church tax', 'tax office', 'tax credit', 'German version', 'financial year', 'custodian bank', 'depositary bank', 'convenience purposes', 'Talanx Aktiengesellschaft', 'ISIN DE000TLX1005', 'partial amount', 'par-value share', 'remaining amount', 'new account', '5.5% solidarity surcharge', 'assessment certificate', 'exemption volume', 'other income', 'existing agreements', 'double taxation', 'Federal Republic', 'net profit', 'exemption order', 'foreign shareholders', 'translation', 'document', 'Hannover', 'WKN', 'Announcement', 'dividend', 'appropriation', '7 May', '31 December', 'eligible', '13 May', 'deduction', 'total', 'case', 'accordance', 'avoidance', 'Germany', 'country', 'Management']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40505,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LUFTHANSA-436827/news/Lufthansa-Dividend-announcement-46651490/,Lufthansa : Dividend announcement,(marketscreener.com)   Deutsche Lufthansa Aktiengesellschaft   Cologne   Dividend announcement   - ISIN DE0008232125 -   The ordinary Annual General Meeting held on 07 May 2024 has resolved that the balance sheet profits for the financial year 2…,"Deutsche Lufthansa AktiengesellschaftCologneDividend announcement- ISIN DE0008232125 (WKN 823 212) -The ordinary Annual General Meeting held on 07 May 2024 has resolved that the balance sheet profits for the financial year 2023 of Euro 3 382 541 837.63 is used for the distribution of a dividend of Euro 0.30 per dividend-bearing share - this corresponds to a total payout of Euro 358 980 330.60 - and to transfer the remaining amount of Euro 3 023 561 507.03 to other retained earnings.The proposal for profit appropriation takes into account the 17 246 treasury shares held by the Company. These shares are not entitled to dividend payment pursuant to Section 71b AktG (German Stock Corporation Act).The dividend will be paid exclusively in cash. The distribution of the dividend will be effected on 13 May 2024  in general after deduction of 25% withholding tax and a 5.5% solidarity surcharge on the withholding tax (totaling 26.375%) and  if applicable  church tax on the withholding tax  by the depositary banks via Clearstream Banking AG. The paying agent is COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft  Frankfurt am Main.The withholding tax and the solidarity surcharge will not be deducted from payments to tax resident shareholders who have submitted to their depositary bank either a non- assessment certification (""Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung"") or a tax exemption form (""Freistellungsauftrag"") with sufficient exemption volume.In the case of non-tax resident shareholders  the withholding tax  including the solidarity surcharge  may be reduced on submission of an application for refund in accordance with the applicable double taxation treaty between the Federal Republic of Germany and the respective country.Frankfurt am Main/Cologne  May 2024Deutsche Lufthansa AktiengesellschaftThe Executive BoardTranslation for convenience only In case of any discrepancy or ambiguity the German version shall prevail.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.56,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['Dividend announcement', 'Lufthansa', 'The ordinary Annual General Meeting', 'applicable double taxation treaty', 'German Stock Corporation Act', 'Deutsche Lufthansa Aktiengesellschaft Cologne', 'The Executive Board', 'balance sheet profits', 'other retained earnings', 'Section 71b AktG', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'non- assessment certification', 'sufficient exemption volume', 'tax resident shareholders', 'tax exemption form', 'COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft', 'German version', '25% withholding tax', 'church tax', 'financial year', 'dividend-bearing share', 'total payout', 'remaining amount', 'profit appropriation', '5.5% solidarity surcharge', 'depositary banks', 'paying agent', 'Federal Republic', 'respective country', '17,246 treasury shares', 'Dividend announcement', 'dividend payment', 'ISIN', 'WKN', '07 May', 'Euro', 'distribution', 'proposal', 'account', 'Company', 'cash', '13 May', 'deduction', 'payments', 'Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung', 'Freistellungsauftrag', 'case', 'submission', 'application', 'refund', 'accordance', 'Germany', 'Translation', 'convenience', 'discrepancy', 'ambiguity']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40506,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CPI-PROPERTY-GROUP-495013/news/CPI-PROPERTY-GROUP-High-Demand-for-Recent-Green-Bond-46652451/,CPI PROPERTY GROUP – High Demand for Recent Green Bond,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: CPI PROPERTY GROUP / Key word: ESG/Real EstateCPI PROPERTY GROUP – High Demand for Recent Green Bond 07.05.2024 / 18:20 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcem…,EQS-News: CPI PROPERTY GROUP / Key word(s): ESG/Real EstateCPI PROPERTY GROUP – High Demand for Recent Green Bond07.05.2024 / 18:20 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.CPI Property Group(société anonyme)40  rue de la ValléeL-2661 LuxembourgR.C.S. Luxembourg: B 102 254Press Release - Corporate NewsLuxembourg  7 May 2024CPI PROPERTY GROUP – High Demand for Recent Green BondCPI PROPERTY GROUP (“CPIPG” or the “Company”)  a leading European landlord  is pleased to announce the closing of €500 million of 5-year senior unsecured green bonds.More than €3 billion of orders were placed for the green bonds  the strongest-ever response to a bond issue by CPIPG. With a six times oversubscribed orderbook  CPIPG was able to reduce the cost significantly from initial guidance to pricing. The coupon was set at 7%  which is higher than CPIPG’s historic cost of debt. However  CPIPG proceeded with the green bonds in order to bolster liquidity and demonstrate market access in support of the Group’s credit ratings and capital structure.“Events of past few years have created many opportunities for investors to test  examine and get to know CPIPG ” said David Greenbaum  CEO. “We are grateful for the support and remain focused on delivering for all stakeholders.”Barclays  Goldman Sachs  Santander  Société Générale  Erste Group  SMBC  Raiffeisen Bank International and UniCredit acted as joint bookrunners on the transaction.CPIPG will allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds to fully retire the bridge loans related to the acquisitions of IMMOFINANZ and S IMMO. This application of proceeds meets the eligibility criteria for green bonds under CPIPG’s sustainability finance framework. In particular  both IMMOFINANZ and S IMMO have a large number of green-certified buildings which are now part of the Group.The green bonds are listed on the Main Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc (trading as Euronext Dublin) and are accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg. The green bonds  issued under the Company’s Euro Medium-Term Note Programme  are rated Baa3 by Moody’s and BBB- by Standard & Poor’s. The ISIN code for the green bonds is XS2815976126 and the Common Code is 281597612.The base prospectus and final terms for the green bonds  along with the Group’s sustainability finance framework  are available at the website of the Company (www.cpipg.com).For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsMoritz MayerManager  Capital Marketsm.mayer@cpipg.comFor more on CPI Property Group  visit our website: www.cpipg.comFollow us on X (CPIPG_SA) and LinkedIn07.05.2024 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.25,0.73,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.28,0.37,True,English,"['CPI PROPERTY GROUP', 'Recent Green Bond', 'High Demand', 'Société Générale', '5-year senior unsecured green bonds', 'Irish Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Medium-Term Note Programme', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'R.C.S. Luxembourg', 'société anonyme', 'leading European landlord', 'Raiffeisen Bank International', 'sustainability finance framework', 'CPI PROPERTY GROUP', 'Recent Green Bond', 'Moritz Mayer Manager', 'EQS Group AG', 'bond issue', 'S IMMO', 'EQS News', 'Erste Group', 'Key word', 'ESG/Real Estate', 'High Demand', 'Vallée', 'Press Release', 'Corporate News', 'strongest-ever response', 'six times', 'initial guidance', 'market access', 'credit ratings', 'capital structure', 'many opportunities', 'David Greenbaum', 'Goldman Sachs', 'joint bookrunners', 'bridge loans', 'eligibility criteria', 'large number', 'green-certified buildings', 'Main Market', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Standard & Poor', 'ISIN code', 'Common Code', 'base prospectus', 'final terms', 'Investor Relations', 'Capital Markets', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'historic cost', 'net proceeds', 'CEST Dissemination', 'EQS-News', 'CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'rue', '7 May', 'CPIPG', 'Company', 'closing', '€3 billion', 'orders', 'orderbook', 'pricing', 'coupon', 'debt', 'liquidity', 'support', 'Events', 'past', 'years', 'investors', 'CEO', 'stakeholders', 'Barclays', 'Santander', 'SMBC', 'UniCredit', 'transaction', 'amount', 'acquisitions', 'IMMOFINANZ', 'application', 'part', 'clearance', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Moody', 'website', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Archive']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40507,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-Draft-report-of-the-CEO-46648923/,Deutsche Börse : Draft report of the CEO,(marketscreener.com)   Virtual Annual General Meeting   Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft   Frankfurt/Main  Germany  14 May 2024   Draft report of the CEO   Theodor Weimer   Deutsche Börse AG   Released on 7 May 2024 Check...https://www.ma…,"Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft Frankfurt/Main  Germany  14 May 2024 Draft report of the CEO Theodor Weimer Deutsche Börse AG Released on 7 May 2024 Check against delivery - Courtesy translation - PublicVirtual Annual General Meeting  14 May 2024 2 Theodor Weimer: draft report Ladies and gentlemen  dear shareholders  dear shareholder representatives! Seven is a special number. Some say it's magical. It's often regarded as a lucky number. The seven days of the week. In seventh heaven. Or occasionally: There are seven steps to wisdom. The number seven also has a special significance for me. As I would like to point out: I'm now in my seventh year as CEO of Deutsche Börse. It's also my last year. For you and with you. Seven years at Deutsche Börse. Time to say thank you. To the owners of this special company. And especially to our employees. To all of you around the world. To customers worldwide. Without whom we could not exist. To policymakers in Hesse and Berlin  and also in Brussels. And  yes  I also want to thank the regulators. To the public - media representatives  the financial hub  and all the friends of the stock exchange. Thanks to all those who care about this company. Who are interested in us. And believe in free  transparent markets. Time to say thank you. For a busy  exciting time. A time in which we wanted to set things in motion. And were allowed to. Thank you for your trust in our abilities. And in our enthusiasm. And finally: Time also to say thank you: To the entire Supervisory Board of Deutsche Börse and to its Chairman  Martin Jetter. For the leap of faith. For their support in what have sometimes been difficult times. Times of coronavirus  war in Europe  the trials and tribulations of the world. Thank you for many a critical debate. And thanks also for the sometimes probing questions. Thank you for excellent checks and balances. We have achieved a lot. As a company. As a team. We have measured up to the best in the world in a fiercely competitive environment. We have no reason to hide. We have acted strategically. Worked well. Haven't been afraid to make fundamental decisions. Have acted as entrepreneurs. We didn't just want to manage. We wanted to win in our markets. What has Deutsche Börse Group achieved in the past few years? Where did we stand in 2017? Where are we today? We have succeeded in many things - but by no means in everything. Just like in real life. But the results are impressive. As I go through them  I'll compare the end of 2017 to the end of 2023: Our share price has performed very strongly: From 97 euros to over 187 euros. During this period  the DAX index rose by 30 per cent. We were up just over 90 per cent.Our net revenue doubled between the end of 2017 and the end of 2023: from 2.5 to 5.1 billion euros.Our pre-tax profit - EBITDA - also doubled: from 1.4 to 2.9 billion euros.pre-tax profit - EBITDA - also doubled: from 1.4 to 2.9 billion euros. And earnings per share doubled as well.Virtual Annual General Meeting  14 May 2024 3 Theodor Weimer: draft report When I took over Deutsche Börse  it had 5 600 employees; today more than 14 000 people work for the company. We have become a really large company with global operations. We are almost the smallest of the big players in the DAX index. But we don't have to be embarrassed about our valuation on the stock market. We've made it into the top half of the DAX index in terms of our market capitalisation. Our employees also appreciate our success: The fact that over 80 per cent of them recommend us as an employer makes me particularly happy. My job as CEO was to embark on new paths. To give the team courage for the road ahead. To inspire them to believe in growth. That this is possible. And yes - profitable growth is not a lucky coincidence. On the contrary: it is inherent to the market economy. I know: occasionally  difficult decisions had to be made. And their value did not become apparent until later. Now - in my final year - my main task is to pave the way for my successor and the management team that is evolving all the time. To encourage them to change things. To dare to try something new. My task in 2024 is not to entrench the way for others. But rather to open it. Modern strategy means: To create room for options. To stay agile without becoming arbitrary. The aim is to explore new paths without getting lost. The direction is set. Regardless of people  ambitions  and sensitivities. Only one thing counts: the sustained success of Deutsche Börse. That's the true north of our strategy. It's all right for the compass needle to tremble sometimes - the direction is clear. We are all committed to achieving the best for Deutsche Börse. I am convinced that Deutsche Börse's path will lead upwards. Walking it is certainly tough. But fulfilling. That's my message. But I don't want to become emotive. After all  we are here at the Annual General Meeting. And it is my honourable duty and pleasure to report on the 2023 financial year. As the law requires. So here you go: We again exceeded our targets in 2023. Our net revenue grew by 17 per cent  taking us to a record level of 5.1 billion euros. We achieved 12 of those percentage points organically - i.e. without acquisitions. Cyclical growth accounted for 7 per cent and structural growth for 5 per cent of our increase in revenue. This means we had a tailwind  although last year this was not due to high volatility - on the contrary. We saw extremely low fluctuations in the markets. The tailwind came from the rise in interest rates. A further 5 percentage points were added through successful acquisitions. All in all: after a record year in 2022  we had another really strong year. We've gone one better  as they say. But even more than the figures  we were pleased about two developments in particular: First: Our new strategy has been really well received by our investors. The bar was set high. Our Roadmap 2020 and Compass 2023 strategies have laid the foundations. Now Horizon 2026 is showing us the way into the near future. We've had a lot of positive feedback. It has convinced people. And it is supported byVirtual Annual General Meeting  14 May 2024 4 Theodor Weimer: draft report you  our shareholders. May this still be the case in a couple of years. We  at any rate  are delighted. And it encourages us to continue. Second: Last year  we successfully acquired SimCorp. It is the biggest takeover in our company's history. Demanding - without a doubt. But it will be a success. The first two quarters after the takeover were impressive. We were delighted when Germany's stock market daily Börsen-Zeitung honoured us with the Corporate Finance Award in the ""Digital"" category. But it's not making us overconfident. We have to deliver. On revenue and on synergies. Our customers determine our success. But I'm confident as I stand here before you. In addition to the sheer growth in revenue  it's the proportion of recurring income that makes us proud  as this is what makes us resilient. It now accounts for 60 per cent. This means: at the start of the financial year  we already had over 60 per cent of our revenue in the bag. Let me tell you: that's a very good feeling. Now I want to give you some details about our cost performance: The acquisition of SimCorp has also resulted in a 16 per cent increase in costs overall. But in purely organic terms - excluding the acquisition of SimCorp - our costs have only risen by 5 per cent. This 5 per cent organic cost growth compares with the 12 per cent organic revenue growth I mentioned earlier. This shows that our business is scaling. Costs are increasing more slowly than revenue. The effect on profits is impressive: As a result  our pre-tax profit - EBITDA - was also up significantly in 2023  rising by 17 per cent to 2.9 billion euros. And our consolidated net income amounted to 1.7 billion euros  an increase of 15 percent. Let me take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks for the year 2023. To our employees around the world. For their commitment. For the enthusiasm they show in their jobs. For being ready to perform day in  day out. For working so independently and being intrinsically motivated. That's fantastic to see. Thank you very  very much  also on behalf of the entire Executive Board. Ladies and gentlemen  dear shareholders! We have decided to share a substantial part of our financial success with you and are proposing a dividend of 3 euros 80 per share for 2023  6 per cent more than last year. It means we are distributing 40 per cent of net income for the period to our shareholders. Our aim is to increase the dividend per share every year. In addition  we have completed a share buyback programme amounting to 300 million euros. This means that  together with the dividend  we are returning a total of 1 billion euros to our shareholders.Virtual Annual General Meeting  14 May 2024 5 Theodor Weimer: draft report So far  the year 2024 has also been going very well. Our net revenue increased by 16 per cent to 1.4 billion euros in the first quarter. And our EBITDA was up 13 per cent to 0.9 billion euros. We have therefore once again exceeded analysts' expectations. This has again got us off to a good start this year. Let's look ahead with confidence rather than exaggerated pride. I've already referred to our new Horizon 2026 strategy several times today. Let me again summarise the core elements of this strategy. This is because we want all of our shareholders to know where we are heading! Pillar 1: Our new strategic focus We have decided to focus more strongly on the buy side. On the big investors. Where growth will be higher in the future. We have created a new growth segment for this purpose. IMS. Investment Management Solutions. To use the potential of asset management. Firstly  we acquired SimCorp to this end. And teamed it up with our Axioma. Secondly  we combined ISS with our subsidiary STOXX. A large provider of ESG data with a leading index provider. Both new companies are global powerhouses for Investment Management Solutions. Pillar 2: Organic growth before acquisitions We are pursuing a consistent growth strategy. Its most important core pillar is organic growth. And the maximum level of recurring revenue. Organic growth is supplemented by targeted acquisitions. Which must be financially viable and a strategic fit for us. We want to grow by a total of around 10 per cent a year. Organically  we are growing really well in many of our businesses. Let me highlight a few of them: Eurex  one of the few leading global derivatives exchanges  is a billion-euro business in its own right. A platform that performs at its best when the markets fluctuate. Its contribution to minimising risk in the markets cannot be overstated.billion-euro business in its own right. A platform that performs at its best when the markets fluctuate. Its contribution to minimising risk in the markets cannot be overstated. Our subsidiary EEX operates marketplaces for power and gas worldwide. It has become the secret star in our portfolio. It is simply the largest power exchange in the world - the envy of many.There's also 360T  our small but mighty foreign exchange platform. Small is perhaps a bit of an understatement: After all  its trading volume is around 130 billion US dollars a day.We now execute around 800 million transactions across all trading activities. Day after day. That's more than 10 000 transactions per second.Clearstream Securities Services - our settlement business - has performed remarkably well thanks to the rise in interest rates.Some people advised me to sell Clearstream years ago. We said NO. And we were right. In total  we generated around 700 million euros in net interest income at Clearstream in 2023. And by the way: we have custody of assets totalling around 14 900 billion euros. That is more than three timesGermany's gross domestic product.Germany's gross domestic product. And our Clearstream Fund Services business also delivers consistently high income. Incidentally  we have another 3 600 billion euros in fund assets under management there.Virtual Annual General Meeting  14 May 2024 6 Theodor Weimer: draft report The only business that is really not growing for us is our cash equity market. Xetra may give us a market share of over 60 per cent. But we are suffering from the structural weakness of the German and European capital markets. These markets are too fragmented. Too regulated. There are fewer and fewer listed companies. And too few IPOs. There are no incentives for them. What is even worse: the German capital market is falling further and further behind. The activities of national investors and financial intermediaries are underdeveloped. There is only one asset manager left among the world's top ten. And no bank. Often there are simply not enough investors. The competitive disadvantage compared to the American market has become huge. And we are not talking about Germany alone. But all of Europe. Let me stop here before I get too carried away - and come back to our company. Our high organic growth doesn't come for free. It doesn't drop from the sky. It requires effort. We have to spend money to achieve this. My rule of thumb is: every year  we invest to increase our cost base by around 5 per cent in order to grow our business organically by around 7 per cent. In my view  that's a healthy ratio. Pillar 3: Growth only in conjunction with high profitability No growth  please  without scalability. Profits have to grow faster than revenue. Profit isn't everything  but without profit there is nothing. A common saying  but also a true one. We won't lose sight of this. Pillar 4: Setting the technological course The last few decades have been decades of global growth. In recent years  the world's growth has been determined by technology  and this will continue over the next few decades. It will affect us  too. That's why we invest so much: We have made very large investments in cybersecurity because we operate a critical infrastructure.We have entered a strategic partnership with Google Cloud.We now have around half of our computing power in the cloud. The trend is rising rapidly.We continued to invest in digital assets  even during the crypto winter. We promote regulated business with institutional investors. We have obtained licences and scaled our D7 post-trading platform together with partners. We are preparing for tokenisation - through business models and technological systems. We are investing in digital ecosystems and building a platform for digital assets.post-trading platform together with partners. We are preparing for tokenisation - through business models and technological systems. We are investing in digital ecosystems and building a platform for digital assets. We are creating a data network and investing in our data architecture to commercialise data further.We have many AI use cases underway and are monitoring developments carefully. We have many questions - not an answer to every one of them. But we'll keep at it. Pillar 5: Implementation - the underestimated factor It sounds simple  but it doesn't come as a matter of course: It needs a focused management team that works hard and pulls in the same direction. Without resting on its laurels. It takes the effort of always",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.62,0.23,0.15,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Draft report', 'CEO', 'Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft', 'CEO Theodor Weimer Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'entire Supervisory Board', 'dear shareholder representatives', 'free, transparent markets', 'busy, exciting time', '2.5 to 5.1 billion euros', 'dear shareholders', 'media representatives', '2.9 billion euros', 'Draft report', 'Courtesy translation', 'seven days', 'seventh heaven', 'seven steps', 'special significance', 'seventh year', 'financial hub', 'stock exchange', 'Martin Jetter', 'critical debate', 'probing questions', 'excellent checks', 'competitive environment', 'fundamental decisions', 'real life', 'DAX index', '30 per cent', 'net revenue', 'pre-tax profit', 'global operations', 'big players', 'top half', '80 per cent', 'new paths', 'lucky coincidence', 'difficult decisions', 'final year', 'one thing', 'true north', 'compass needle', 'honourable duty', '2023 financial year', 'special number', 'lucky number', 'stock market', 'market capitalisation', 'team courage', 'management team', 'difficult times', 'share price', 'profitable growth', 'main task', 'Modern strategy', 'sustained success', 'special company', 'large company', 'many things', '97 euros', '187 euros', 'Frankfurt/Main', 'Germany', '14 May', '7 May', 'delivery', 'Public', 'Ladies', 'gentlemen', 'week', 'wisdom', 'last', 'years', 'owners', 'employees', 'world', 'customers', 'policymakers', 'Hesse', 'Berlin', 'Brussels', 'regulators', 'friends', 'motion', 'trust', 'abilities', 'enthusiasm', 'Chairman', 'leap', 'faith', 'support', 'coronavirus', 'war', 'Europe', 'trials', 'tribulations', 'balances', 'lot', 'reason', 'entrepreneurs', 'past', 'means', 'everything', 'results', 'period', 'EBITDA', 'earnings', '14,000 people', 'valuation', 'terms', 'fact', 'employer', 'job', 'road', 'contrary', 'economy', 'value', 'way', 'successor', 'something', 'others', 'room', 'options', 'aim', 'direction', 'ambitions', 'sensitivities', 'message', 'pleasure', 'law', 'targets', '90', '1.4']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40508,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-Draft-speech-of-the-Chairman-of-the-Supervisory-Board-46648926/,Deutsche Börse : Draft speech of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board,(marketscreener.com)   Virtual Annual General Meeting   Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft   Frankfurt/Main  Germany  14 May 2024   Draft speech of the   Chairman of the Supervisory Board   Martin Jetter   Deutsche Börse AG ...https://www.…,"Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft Frankfurt/Main  Germany  14 May 2024 Draft speech of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board Martin Jetter Deutsche Börse AG Released on 7 May 2024 Check against delivery - Courtesy translation - PublicVirtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse AG  14 May 2024 2 Martin Jetter: draft speech Ladies and gentlemen  before I explain the report of the Supervisory Board to you  allow me to address a matter which is close to my heart. For our CEO  Theodor Weimer  this is his seventh year of leading Deutsche Börse AG  and it will be the last in his tenure. Today also marks his last Annual General Meeting as CEO of Deutsche Börse AG. Theodor Weimer took office as CEO of Deutsche Börse at a time of deep uncertainty. While performance figures were sound at the time  the perception of Deutsche Börse by the public  by legislators and regulatory bodies had suffered badly. This was not without consequence  both for the inner state of Deutsche Börse and regarding its scope of entrepreneurial options. From this starting position  Theodor Weimer and his Executive Board team were able to achieve an impressive turnaround. By introducing an attitude of action and ownership  as well as creating trust among regulators and the markets  he was able to rebuild the organisation. Theodor Weimer has rightfully led Deutsche Börse back to being a self-confident company which its employees take pride in  and which has re-gained the trust of the public  markets  investors  as well as policy makers and regulators - as attested by numerous awards and  last but not least  the results of our annual employee survey. Theodor Weimer has led Deutsche Börse to new strength and innovative power. The figures and strategic measures which he is about to present in his own speech provide tangible proof of his accomplishments. Dear Theodor Weimer: my sincerest congratulations on everything you have achieved. Thank you on behalf of the entire Supervisory Board. It is  however  not yet time to say goodbye. Theodor Weimer  along with his creative and inspirational energy  will fortunately remain with the company until the end of the year. A highly capable successor has already been appointed: Stephan Leithner  who has been a member of the Executive Board for Theodor Weimer's entire term of office. He is the sixth CEO in the history of Deutsche Börse AG. Stephan Leithner steps into the role knowing the company and its stakeholders inside out. This also signifies a commitment to continuity - not without significance for a company such as ours. He is and has been the Executive Board member responsible for the Deutsche Börse business area with the strongest and most successful development over the last seven years: Pre- and Post-Trading  i.e. data and analytics  post trading and fund services. This development has culminated in the establishment of the Investment Management Solutions segment following the acquisition of SimCorp  in which Stephan Leithner has played a key role. If you're looking for where the action is taking place in today's global capital market infrastructures: it's in data and analytics. Stephan Leithner was also heavily involved in shaping the further refined Horizon 2026 strategy. These are excellent starting conditions for the succession of Theodor Weimer. And on a personal note  I regard Stephan Leithner as a leader of great integrity. Stephan Leithner  I am delighted for you to take on this role and wish you every success!Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse AG  14 May 2024 3 Martin Jetter: draft speech The capable and experienced management of Deutsche Börse is crucial at a time characterised by one overarching theme  which is transformation. We live in a time of further accelerated digitalisation. We live in a time of decarbonisation. And we are living in an age of global demographic change. Without a strong capital market  we as a society will not succeed in mastering this threefold transformation. Meeting these challenges requires the mobilisation of enormous financial resources. We are living in an era which might be compared to that of the construction of railroads  the invention of automobility  the transition to industrial mass production and the birth of the internet. Today's equivalents are AI  5G  the cloud  quantum computing  smart grids  and hydrogen terminals. As it has in the past  the capital market will continue to play a crucial role in funding and shaping the measures for this necessary transformation. In keeping with the motto: what I cannot prevent  I must accelerate. This transformation also opens up vast opportunities. And what is better than the stock exchange to coordinate and channel the swarm intelligence of market participants into investments? Policy makers have recognised this and are bringing new momentum into the efforts to create a genuine European Capital Markets Union. At last month's Brussels summit  the EU heads of state and government held intensive talks on the Capital Markets Union. They tasked the EU Commission and the national finance ministers to finally get serious about the project of - and I quote - ""truly integrated European capital markets"". I wholeheartedly welcome this appeal. Pension schemes investing in the capital market are finally also picking up speed in Germany. They not only enable us to stabilise our pension system in the long term  but also give citizens a stake in the success of our companies - and thereby simultaneously mobilise new funds for innovation  investment  and transformation. These funds can be used in an efficient and targeted way to achieve entrepreneurial objectives. Without private capital  even the most efficiently run state  which we unfortunately are very far from at present  cannot successfully manage transformation. Capital is not what makes the entire economy  but without it  the entire economy amounts to nothing. Ladies and gentlemen  I will now provide an overview of our activities in the Supervisory Board within the past financial year. In doing so  I will explain the report of the Supervisory Board. The latter is part of the Deutsche Börse Group annual report 2023  which I will refer to. I shall  however  limit my statements to what is essential. In the reporting year  the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Börse AG dealt in depth and regularly with the company's position  prospects  and fundamental strategic options. The Supervisory Board was also involved in an advisory capacity in Deutsche Börse Group's activities to buy and sell companies and parts thereof. We continued our overarching work on environmental  social and governance matters (ESG). In the reporting year  we concentrated on the social aspects of ESG.Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse AG  14 May 2024 4 Martin Jetter: draft speech Our work in 2023 was dominated by a difficult ongoing geopolitical situation. Russia's war of aggression against Ukraine continued into its third year and the recent attack on Israel by the terrorist organisation Hamas was followed by intensive military operations and armed conflicts. This is accompanied by ongoing uncertainty about future inflation rates worldwide and slow economic growth  particularly in industrialised countries. Our global economic and financial system therefore continues to face major challenges. In addition  this year may see political change  with roughly half the global population called to the polls. Elections are coming up in the two most populous democracies in the world as well as various European countries and at EU level. At our meetings  the Executive Board provided us with comprehensive and timely information in accordance with the legal requirements. The high frequency of plenary and committee meetings and workshops ensured an intensive exchange of information between the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board. The attendance rate for all Supervisory Board members at the meetings in 2023 was 100 per cent. The CEO kept me continuously and regularly informed concerning the current developments affecting the company's business  significant transactions  upcoming decisions  and the long-term outlook and discussed these issues with me. As part of the regular training and professional development measures for the Supervisory Board  we focused on the Horizon 2026 strategy process  cybersecurity  the role of Deutsche Börse Group in strengthening the German and European capital markets  sustainability regulations and the future world of work  concentrating on the labour markets for IT and financial services. Now on to the key aspects of our activities in the plenary meetings of the Supervisory Board. In the reporting year  we discussed in detail the future strategic direction of Deutsche Börse Group. The Executive Board consulted the Supervisory Board at an early stage about the development of the new Group strategy  Horizon 2026. It constituted the dominant theme of our work  as it defines the strategic framework for Deutsche Börse Group until 2026 and also includes an updated climate strategy. We advised the Executive Board on all relevant aspects of the strategy. Within this framework  we worked on the strategic expansion and reinforcement of our pre-trading business. Deutsche Börse AG acquired all the shares in the Danish company SimCorp  having successfully completed a public takeover offer. A new segment  Investment Management Solutions  was created for the business of SimCorp  the data and analytics business of Axioma  and ISS STOXX  to reflect the size and strategic importance of the pre-trading unit. As Supervisory Board  we accompanied these structural changes and the expansion of our business and approved the necessary measures. Following extensive consultation  the Supervisory Board came to a decision regarding the CEO succession. In addition  we dealt with the future composition of the Supervisory Board. Representatives of shareholders and employees will be elected for a period of office of three years in 2024. The election of the employee representatives was already held in April 2024.Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse AG  14 May 2024 5 Martin Jetter: draft speech In the field of information technology  we discussed the partnership with a well-known global provider of cloud infrastructure and the main projects to develop the digital settlement platform D7 and an exchange for digital assets. Artificial intelligence and other new technologies as well as the opportunities they represent for Deutsche Börse Group were another key area of our work in this field. In view of their great importance for the Group and the infrastructure services it provides to financial and capital markets  we again discussed the subjects of information security and cyber resilience in depth. In the reporting year  we dealt with various legal matters again  such as the current status of litigation and legal proceedings involving Clearstream Banking S.A. in the USA and Luxembourg  and the ongoing investigation by the Public Prosecutor's Office in Cologne regarding the conception and settlement implementation of securities transactions by market participants over the dividend date (cum-ex transactions). Market participants used such transactions to make unjustified tax refund claims. In this context  the Supervisory Board also dealt with investigations into such transactions by the stock exchange regulator in the German state of Hesse. Our work on the Supervisory Board also included other important litigation proceedings and the handling of findings by internal control functions as well as external auditors and regulatory authorities. I will now give a short explanation of the audit of the annual and consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2023. Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft PwC audited the annual financial statements of Deutsche Börse AG  the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report for the financial year ended 31 December 2023  together with the accounting system  and issued an unqualified audit opinion. The condensed financial statements and interim management report contained in the half-yearly financial report for the first six months of 2023 were reviewed by PwC. The documents relating to the financial statements and the reports by PwC were submitted to us for inspection and examination in good time. Following the detailed discussion and examination of the financial statement documents and the reports - first by the Audit Committee and followed by the plenary meeting of the Supervisory Board - we approved the result of the audit. We approved the annual financial statements prepared by the Executive Board and the consolidated financial statements at our meeting on 8 March 2024  in line with the Audit Committee's recommendation. As a result  the annual financial statements of Deutsche Börse AG have been adopted. The Audit Committee discussed the Executive Board's proposal for the appropriation of the unappropriated surplus (Bilanzgewinn) with the Executive Board. The discussion covered company liquidity  its financial planning  and shareholders' interests. Following this discussion and its own examination  the Audit Committee concurred with the Executive Board's proposal for the appropriation of the unappropriated surplus. After examining this ourselves  the plenary meeting of the Supervisory Board also approved the Executive Board's proposal. I would like to thank the Executive Board and all staff for their extraordinary commitment and outstanding work 2023  particularly remarkable in light of the challenging geopolitical situation.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.58,0.21,0.21,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Draft speech', 'Supervisory Board', 'Chairman', 'Virtual Annual General Meeting Deutsche Börse Aktiengesellschaft', 'Martin Jetter Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse business area', 'leading Deutsche Börse AG', 'genuine European Capital Markets Union', 'last Annual General Meeting', 'Investment Management Solutions segment', 'global capital market infrastructures', 'annual employee survey', 'global demographic change', 'strong capital market', 'last seven years', 'one overarching theme', 'enormous financial resources', 'industrial mass production', 'excellent starting conditions', 'Executive Board team', 'entire Supervisory Board', 'Dear Theodor Weimer', 'Executive Board member', 'experienced management', 'last month', 'market participants', 'starting position', 'entire term', 'Courtesy translation', 'deep uncertainty', 'regulatory bodies', 'entrepreneurial options', 'impressive turnaround', 'policy makers', 'numerous awards', 'new strength', 'innovative power', 'tangible proof', 'sincerest congratulations', 'inspirational energy', 'Stephan Leithner', 'post trading', 'fund services', 'Horizon 2026 strategy', 'personal note', 'great integrity', 'quantum computing', 'smart grids', 'hydrogen terminals', 'vast opportunities', 'stock exchange', 'swarm intelligence', 'new momentum', 'Brussels summit', 'EU heads', 'intensive talks', 'EU Commission', 'national finance', 'Draft speech', 'seventh year', 'performance figures', 'inner state', 'strategic measures', 'capable successor', 'successful development', 'key role', 'threefold transformation', 'crucial role', 'necessary transformation', 'self-confident company', 'sixth CEO', 'Frankfurt/Main', 'Germany', '14 May', 'Chairman', '7 May', 'Check', 'delivery', 'Public', 'Ladies', 'gentlemen', 'report', 'matter', 'heart', 'tenure', 'office', 'time', 'perception', 'legislators', 'consequence', 'scope', 'attitude', 'action', 'ownership', 'trust', 'regulators', 'organisation', 'employees', 'pride', 'investors', 'results', 'accomplishments', 'everything', 'behalf', 'goodbye', 'creative', 'end', 'history', 'stakeholders', 'commitment', 'continuity', 'significance', 'strongest', 'Post-Trading', 'data', 'analytics', 'establishment', 'acquisition', 'SimCorp', 'place', 'today', 'succession', 'leader', 'accelerated', 'digitalisation', 'decarbonisation', 'society', 'challenges', 'mobilisation', 'construction', 'railroads', 'invention', 'automobility', 'transition', 'birth', 'internet', 'equivalents', '5G', 'cloud', 'past', 'funding', 'motto', 'investments', 'efforts', 'government']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40509,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BARCLAYS-PLC-9583556/news/Race-for-Europe-s-first-real-time-stock-trade-tape-heats-up-46643782/,Race for Europe's first 'real-time' stock trade tape heats up,(marketscreener.com) Banks and asset managers are vying with Europe's exchanges to develop technology that can deepen the pool of investors in the continent's capital markets and better compete with Wall Street. The United States has long had a 'consolidated…,"LONDON (Reuters) - Banks and asset managers are vying with Europe's exchanges to develop technology that can deepen the pool of investors in the continent's capital markets and better compete with Wall Street.The United States has long had a 'consolidated tape' aggregating stock and bond prices from competing trading platforms for investors to spot the best deals  and the European Union and Britain seek to match this over the coming three years.""The purpose of the tape is to democratise access to market data and to make sure that everybody is seeing the full breadth and depth of the market "" said Natan Tiefenbrun  president of North American and European equities at Cboe Global Markets  a pan-European stock exchange.The current ""messy"" and fragmented system for market data discourages investors  Tiefenbrun added.EU securities watchdog ESMA said it will consult before the end of May on its criteria for selecting winning bidders to run a tape for bonds initially  and then one for stocks.The two contenders that have emerged so far to run an EU stocks tape highlight the tensions between exchanges and banks and asset managers over the price of market data.Exchanges had opposed a tape in order to guard their lucrative data  while asset managers and banks say there would be no data without their trades. To bring exchanges on board  the EU has mandated exchange contributions to a tape.EuroCTP  backed by 14 exchanges including Deutsche Boerse and Euronext  is moving early by investing millions of euros to start building a stocks tape now  before any regulatory nod.A little further behind  French consultancy Adamantia launched a feasibility study for a stocks tape in 2021  with support from Barclays  BNP Paribas  Credit Agricole  Deutsche Bank  Societe Generale and UniCredit.Adamantia said it was securing an investment plan and selecting a technology company for a tape  backed by 10 buy- and sell-side institutions.""Once we finalise this step  the objective is to form a joint-candidature ... and prepare for the upcoming ESMA tender "" said Adamantia partner Antoine Pertriaux.ESMA is expected to invite bidders for a bond tape by early next year  and for a stocks tape after that.An Oliver Wyman report for European exchanges industry body FESE estimated it would cost up to 98 million euros ($105.09 million) to build a stocks tape  but proponents say a single real-time snapshot of prices would make cross-border trading in Europe easier and lure more investors. Only large market participants with deep pockets can typically afford to get prices from the many trading platforms dotted across the EU.In the United States  the consolidated tape electronic system has been in place for decades  overseen by the Consolidated Tape Association  a grouping of exchange participants including the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq.OPERATIONAL PHASEBritain is also making plans for its own tapes  overseen by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).""By building a more complete picture of the market  a tape will reinforce the UK's position as a leading centre for the listing and trading of bonds "" said Sarah Pritchard  FCA executive director for markets.European funds industry body EFAMA says a tape should serve market participants and in ""no way be used to render European exchanges' own proprietary feeds more attractive"".EuroCTP CEO Eglantine Desautel told Reuters there is a need to begin building the EU tape given it has to knit together 300 trading and trade reporting platforms across Europe.""We are moving to the operational phase right now  and in the beginning of 2025 will have the first elements for testing "" Desautel said.Tiefenbrun said Cboe was potentially interested in being part of a stocks tape in the EU and one in Britain  adding there is ""nervousness"" over EuroCTP.""Will the shareholders of EuroCTP deliver what the industry wants or will their long-term interests be better served by a tape that protects their existing market data revenues?""EuroCTP said it will act with ""full autonomy"" to serve all market participants.Britain's FCA is due to set out further details on what a UK tape would look like  starting with bonds.The London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) said a UK stocks tape should be limited to prices of completed transactions  narrower than the EU tape  which will also include indicative ""pre-trade"" prices. A tape ""cannot be both operationally robust and low-cost""  LSEG said in a paper published last month.On the bonds side  a major EU and UK contender  a troika of Bloomberg  MarketAxess and Tradeweb  threw in the towel earlier this year  citing complexity.This left Etrading Software alone for now  with CEO Sassan Danesh saying the company plans to bid for both the EU and UK bond tapes  citing its neutrality.""We are a technology company  and we are happy to make money from the technology and operations  we are not looking to make money from the data "" Danesh said.($1 = 0.9326 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones  editing by Sinead Cruise and Susan Fenton)By Huw Jones",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.22,0.76,True,English,"[""first 'real-time' stock trade tape"", 'Race', 'Europe', 'The London Stock Exchange Group', 'An Oliver Wyman report', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Adamantia partner Antoine Pertriaux', 'European funds industry body', 'existing market data revenues', 'consolidated tape electronic system', 'EuroCTP CEO Eglantine Desautel', 'European exchanges industry body', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'The United States', 'coming three years', 'early next year', 'single real-time snapshot', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'trade reporting platforms', 'CEO Sassan Danesh', 'competing trading platforms', 'many trading platforms', 'Consolidated Tape Association', 'EU securities watchdog', 'upcoming ESMA tender', 'FCA executive director', 'indicative ""pre-trade"" prices', 'large market participants', 'Cboe Global Markets', 'UK bond tapes', 'UK stocks tape', 'EU stocks tape', 'fragmented system', 'European Union', 'European equities', 'UK contender', 'UK tape', 'asset managers', 'capital markets', 'Wall Street', 'best deals', 'full breadth', 'North American', 'two contenders', 'lucrative data', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'regulatory nod', 'French consultancy', 'feasibility study', 'BNP Paribas', 'Credit Agricole', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Societe Generale', 'investment plan', 'cross-border trading', 'deep pockets', 'OPERATIONAL PHASE', 'complete picture', 'leading centre', 'Sarah Pritchard', 'proprietary feeds', 'first elements', 'long-term interests', 'full autonomy', 'Etrading Software', 'Huw Jones', 'Sinead Cruise', 'Susan Fenton', 'bond prices', 'major EU', 'EU tape', 'winning bidders', 'Natan Tiefenbrun', '98 million euros', 'bonds side', 'technology company', '300 trading', '14 exchanges', '0.9326 euros', 'Reuters', 'Banks', 'pool', 'investors', 'continent', 'Britain', 'purpose', 'access', 'everybody', 'depth', 'president', 'May', 'criteria', 'tensions', 'trades', 'board', 'contributions', 'Euronext', 'millions', 'support', 'Barclays', 'UniCredit', 'institutions', 'step', 'objective', 'joint-candidature', 'FESE', 'proponents', 'place', 'decades', 'grouping', 'Nasdaq', 'plans', 'position', 'listing', 'EFAMA', 'way', 'need', 'beginning', 'testing', 'nervousness', 'shareholders', 'details', 'LSEG', 'transactions', 'paper', 'troika', 'Bloomberg', 'MarketAxess', 'Tradeweb', 'towel', 'complexity', 'neutrality', 'money', 'operations']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40510,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/blackrock-etf-flash-crash-europe-120000540.html,BlackRock ETF Flash Crash in Europe Explained,BlackRock’s global ETF experienced a flash crash on Deutsche Boerse last month. How did this happen on one of Europe’s most liquid ETFs and can it be avoided in the future? Following the US jobs data report  the $72.8 billion iShares Core MSCI World ...,DownBlackRock’s global ETF experienced a flash crash on Deutsche Boerse last month. How did this happen on one of Europe’s most liquid ETFs and can it be avoided in the future?Following the US jobs data report  the $72.8 billion iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF (EUNL)  Europe’s second-largest ETF  fell 5% in less than a second at 2.30pm Central European Time on April 5  before jumping back up shortly after as market-making activity resumed.While not unprecedented – and not solely a quirk of ETFs but also other listed securities – the event highlights several key nuances in ETF trading that investors must understand.BlackRock ETF Flash Crash ExplainedFollowing the report of the US jobs data  sell orders were instantly placed on the ETF at a point when market-making activity was low  causing its price to decline.This decline triggered multi-stop loss orders – a pre-placed sell order implemented by traders to limit losses on a security – causing the ETF’s price to spiral further as more and more stop loss orders were executed.Crucially  none of these orders were big enough to trigger one of Deutsche Boerse’s safeguard mechanisms  which would have halted trading had EUNL’s price fallen 1.5%.However  the spiral of stop-loss orders eventually triggered a separate safeguard mechanism  and trading was halted after EUNL’s price fell 5% below its overnight trading level.Remarkably  due to the wonders of electronic trading  all of this happened in less than a second. At this point  market makers were brought back into the market to start trading on the ETF  with normal pricing resumed.According to Paolo Giulianini  head of ETFs at Vantage Capital Markets  EUNL’s liquidity makes it more suitable for order-driven trades  meaning it can trade in a similar way to the futures and equities.“We are talking about one of the most liquid ETFs in Europe and so it is more prone to being an order-driven ETF  not a quote-driven ETF ” he said. “If it was quote driven  you could say add more market makers  but because it is so liquid  there are likely many stop orders on this ETF which caused the price decline.”Where Were the Market Makers?While market makers are required to provide pricing for most of the trading day  there are often points – such as market opening or following news events – where this does not happen  or spreads are significantly wider  even on one of Europe’s most traded ETFs.One argument is that market makers do not provide pricing during these periods of volatility as they are unlikely to profit from an arbitrage opportunity.Story continuesConversely  market makers might see this move as self-protection  avoiding the risk of mispricing during volatile markets.One market maker told ETF Stream: “Larger market makers which cover many products and do not have the fastest machines may [pull back from the market] to avoid any mispricing during this time of the day.”The person added there are instances where it shows prices 100% of the day but with wider spreads at some points as they enter “safe mode”.“How can the market makers already have valued the basket of stocks when the market has just opened? You cannot calculate the exact price of the ETF so there is uncertainty  no matter how many are pricing the market ” the person said.Different exchanges also have different obligations market makers must fulfil regarding the time they must spend pricing in the market.How to Avoid Another BlackRock ETF Flash CrashWhile Deutsche Boerse's rules of trading were adhered to on this occasion  one capital market expert highlighted that different trading venues have different trading mechanisms  meaning the result may have been different elsewhere.Deutsche Boerse said it was reaching out to industry stakeholders to understand if it could calibrate its market mechanisms to prevent such occurrences in the future.Another industry insider said it was on the onus of investors to “not place an order blind into the market”.“It comes down to the education of investors who place orders in the market ” the person said.“I see this pattern of behavior from investors sometimes. Maybe they have a cut-off point to trade  but they should wait two or three minutes when market makers are coming in with better liquidity and tighter spreads.“In addition  you never want to place an ETF trade without a limit order on exchange  especially if you want to sell.”Permalink | © Copyright 2024 etf.com. All rights reserved,neutral,0.03,0.78,0.19,mixed,0.09,0.27,0.64,True,English,"['BlackRock ETF Flash Crash', 'Europe', 'Core MSCI World UCITS ETF', '2.30pm Central European Time', 'US jobs data report', 'one capital market expert', 'BlackRock ETF Flash Crash', 'other listed securities', 'several key nuances', 'Vantage Capital Markets', 'separate safeguard mechanism', 'multi-stop loss orders', 'overnight trading level', 'One market maker', 'many stop orders', 'different trading venues', 'Larger market makers', 'different trading mechanisms', 'One argument', 'safeguard mechanisms', 'volatile markets', 'many products', 'Different exchanges', 'different obligations', 'market mechanisms', 'sell orders', 'stop-loss orders', 'global ETF', 'largest ETF', 'ETF trading', 'order-driven ETF', 'quote-driven ETF', 'ETF Stream', 'ETF trade', 'Deutsche Boerse', '$72.8 billion iShares', 'market-making activity', 'electronic trading', 'Paolo Giulianini', 'order-driven trades', 'similar way', 'news events', 'arbitrage opportunity', 'fastest machines', 'safe mode', 'industry stakeholders', 'industry insider', 'three minutes', 'wider spreads', 'tighter spreads', 'limit order', 'liquid ETFs', 'normal pricing', 'price decline', 'trading day', 'exact price', 'cut-off point', 'future', 'EUNL', 'less', 'April', 'quirk', 'investors', 'traders', 'losses', 'security', 'none', 'spiral', 'wonders', 'head', 'liquidity', 'equities', 'points', 'opening', 'periods', 'volatility', 'Story', 'move', 'self-protection', 'risk', 'mispricing', 'person', 'instances', 'prices', 'basket', 'stocks', 'uncertainty', 'rules', 'occasion', 'result', 'occurrences', 'onus', 'education', 'pattern', 'behavior', 'two', 'addition', 'Permalink', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2024-05-08,2024-05-08,finance.yahoo.com
40511,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/dgap/EQS-News-MPC-Capital-with-strong-first-quarter-Key-financial-figures-underline-highly-profitable-business-model-n16847180.html,EQS-News: MPC Capital with strong first quarter: Key financial figures underline highly profitable business model,Key financial figures underline highly profitable business model. Recurring management fees increase by 4%  transaction fees by 64%; EBT up,EQS-News: MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG / Key word(s): Quarterly / Interim StatementMPC Capital with strong first quarter: Key financial figures underline highly profitable business model08.05.2024 / 06:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press ReleaseMPC Capital with strong first quarter: Key financial figures underline highly profitable business modelRecurring management fees increase by 4%  transaction fees by 64%EBT up 69% to EUR 7.0 million due to strong transaction business and sustained high returns from co-investmentsForecast for the full year 2024 confirmedHamburg  8 May 2024 - Hamburg-based asset and investment manager MPC Capital AG (Deutsche Börse  Scale  ISIN DE000A1TNWJ4) today presents its figures for the first quarter of 2024. A significantly stronger transaction business compared to the same period last year and a consistent expansion of the management and service platforms led to double-digit revenue growth overall. Continued high returns from the co-investment portfolio ensured a strong financial result and a significant improvement in profitability.Stable growth in management fees and strong transaction businessRevenue increased by 11% to EUR 9.6 million (Q1 2023: EUR 8.6 million). About 81% of this resulted from recurring management fees  which increased by 4% to EUR 7.7 million (Q1 2023: EUR 7.4 million). This growth was mainly due to the expansion of maritime activities. In addition  the acquisition of the ship manager Zeaborn was successfully completed at the end of March. This will further increase the fleet managed by MPC Capital in technical ship management and the related recurring income.MPC Capital recorded strong transaction business in the first quarter of 2024 despite the challenging market environment. In addition to the sale of an office property  MPC Capital acquired and sold several vessels in club deal structures in the first quarter. Additional transaction proceeds were also realised with the completion of further container vessels from the newbuilding programmes launched  which contribute to the decarbonization of maritime infrastructure thanks to their modern propulsion technology. Overall  transaction proceeds increased by 64% to EUR 1.8 million (Q1 2023: EUR 1.1 million).Stable income from co-investments - profitability remains at a high levelThe financial result amounted to EUR 6.8 million in the first quarter of 2024 (Q1 2023: EUR 4.0 million) and resulted from returns from MPC Capital's co-investment portfolio. Based on a stable cost structure  earnings before taxes (EBT) increased disproportionately by 69% to EUR 7.0 million after the first three months of 2024 (Q1 2023: EUR 4.1 million).In mid-March  MPC Capital announced that it will increase its stake in MPC Container Ships from 7% to around 14%. The purchase price of around EUR 34 million became due after the end of the first quarter at the beginning of April. Adjusted for this reporting date-related increase in liabilities  the equity ratio (adjusted) remained unchanged at 85% as at March 31  2024 (December 31  2023: 85%).Forecast for 2024 confirmedThe Management Board confirms its forecast for the full year 2024  published in February and raised in mid-March. Accordingly  consolidated revenues are expected to at least match the previous year's level (EUR 37.9 million) and earnings before taxes are likely to be slightly higher than the already high level of EUR 19.3 million in the 2023 financial year.Based on a strong balance sheet  MPC Capital will continue to focus on expanding its established investment platforms to generate additional growth. MPC Capital sees attractive investment opportunities due to the high demand for investments particularly in connection with the energy transition and the decarbonization of shipping  as well as opportunities arising from market uncertainties and lower valuation levels.Changes to the Management BoardConstantin Baack will become the new CEO of MPC Capital AG at the end of the Annual General Meeting  which will take place on June 13  2024. The current CEO Ulf Holländer will move to the Supervisory Board. Christian Schwenkenbecher joins the Management Board as Chief Client Officer. Chief Financial Officer Dr Philipp Lauenstein completes the new management trio.“I am delighted to see that MPC Capital is in the best hands with my successor Constantin Baack and that this will ensure a seamless transition in the management of the company ” said Ulf Holländer  CEO and designated member of the Supervisory Board of MPC Capital AG. “The operational and economic successes of the first quarter show once again that MPC Capital  with its integrated investment and service offering  is ideally positioned even for volatile market phases.”Key Group Figures Q1 2024P&L Q1 2024 Q1 2023 +/- €‘000 €‘000 Revenue 9 602 8 633 +11% of which Management Fees 7 740 7 446 +4% of which Transaction Fees 1 775 1 085 +64% of which Other 87 102 -15% Other opeRating income 709 889 -20% Personnel expenses -4 915 -4 333 +13% Other operating expenses -3 796 -4 328 -12% Earnings before tax (EBT) 6 972 4 114 +69% EBT margin 73% 48% +25pp Net income 5 884 3 718 +58% Earnings per share (€) 0.15 0.10 +50% Balance sheet 31 Mar 2024 31 Dec 2023 €‘000 €‘000 Total assets1 190 492 152 077 +25% Fixed assets 90 830 61 500 +48% thereof financial assets (mainly Co-Investments) 85 633 56 022 +53% Current assets 98 423 90 276 +9% thereof cash and cash balances 64 626 61 140 +6% Equity 134 403 129 522 +4% Equity ratio (adj.) 1 85.2% 85.2% +0 0pp1 Equity ratio adjusted for the reporting date-related increase in liabilities from the increase in the stake in MPC Container Ships.About MPC Capital AG (www.mpc-capital.com)MPC Capital is a global asset and investment manager for real assets in the areas of real estate  renewables  and shipping. Its range of services includes the selection  initiation  development and structuring of investments  through active management to divestment. With approximately 200 employees and 30 years of experience  MPC Capital offers institutional investors access to investments in selected markets with attractive growth and return opportunities. As a responsible company with a family background that has been listed on the stock exchange since 2000  MPC Capital contributes to meeting the financing needs to achieve global climate goals.Media contact:MPC Capital AGStefan ZenkerHead of Investor Relations & Public RelationsPhone +49 40 38022 4347Email: s.zenker@mpc-capital.comThis communication contains forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Future results may significantly differ from the currently expected results due to various risk factors and uncertainties such as changes in the business  economic  and competitive situation  exchange rate fluctuations  uncertainties regarding legal disputes or investigations  and the availability of financial resources. MPC Capital AG assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements contained in this communication.,neutral,0.28,0.71,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['strong first quarter', 'Key financial figures', 'profitable business model', 'MPC Capital', 'EQS-News', 'highly', 'MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG', 'current CEO Ulf Holländer', 'reporting date-related increase in', 'highly profitable business model', 'significant improvement in profitability', 'Deutsche Börse', 'club deal structures', 'modern propulsion technology', 'strong balance sheet', 'lower valuation levels', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Chief Client Officer', 'Dr Philipp Lauenstein', 'strong transaction business', 'stronger transaction business', 'MPC Capital AG', 'challenging market environment', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'volatile market phases', 'ship manager Zeaborn', 'stable cost structure', 'first three months', 'Other opeRating income', 'technical ship management', 'Key Group Figures', 'strong financial result', 'MPC Container Ships', 'Key financial figures', 'new management trio', 'P&L Q1', 'strong first quarter', 'Additional transaction proceeds', 'The Management Board', 'Recurring management fees', 'attractive investment opportunities', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'new CEO', 'recurring income', 'transaction fees', 'Key word', 'Stable income', 'investment manager', '2023 financial year', 'market uncertainties', 'container vessels', 'additional growth', 'Stable growth', 'Supervisory Board', 'investment portfolio', 'investment platforms', 'integrated investment', 'Interim Statement', 'Press Release', 'full year', 'Hamburg-based asset', 'ISIN DE000A1TNWJ', 'same period', 'service platforms', 'maritime activities', 'office property', 'several vessels', 'newbuilding programmes', 'maritime infrastructure', 'purchase price', 'equity ratio', 'consolidated revenues', 'previous year', 'high demand', 'energy transition', 'Constantin Baack', 'Christian Schwenkenbecher', 'best hands', 'seamless transition', 'economic successes', 'service offering', 'Personnel expenses', 'high returns', 'high level', 'consistent expansion', 'EQS-News', '06:30 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'EBT', 'investments', 'Forecast', '8 May', 'Scale', 'acquisition', 'end', 'March', 'fleet', 'sale', 'completion', 'decarbonization', 'earnings', 'taxes', 'stake', 'beginning', 'April', 'liabilities', 'December', 'February', 'EUR', 'connection', 'shipping', 'Changes', 'place', 'June', 'successor', 'company', 'member', 'operational']",2024-05-08,2024-05-08,stock-world.de
40512,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7255468341342302,Innate Pharma Announces Conference Call and Webcast for Q1 2024 Business Update,Regulatory News:     Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (&#x201C;   Innate   &#x201D; or the &#x201C;   Company   &#x201D;)  today announced that the Company will hold a conference call on Tuesday  May 14  2024  at 2 p.m. CEST / 8 a.m...,"Innate Pharma Announces Conference Call and Webcast for Q1 2024 Business UpdateRegulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“ Innate ” or the “ Company ”)  today announced that the Company will hold a conference call on Tuesday  May 14  2024  at 2 p.m. CEST / 8 a.m. EDT  to give an update on business progress during the first quarter of 2024.Participants during the call will be:Hervé Brailly  Chief Executive OfficerSonia Quaratino  Executive Vice President  Chief Medical OfficerYannis Morel  Executive Vice President  Chief Operating OfficerFrédéric Lombard  Senior Vice President  Chief Financial OfficerArvind Sood  Executive Vice President  President of US OperationsDetails for the Virtual EventThe live webcast will be available at the following link:https://events.q4inc.com/attendee/244650312Participants may also join via telephone using the following registration link: https://registrations.events/direct/Q4I9730892This information can also be found on the Investors section of the Innate Pharma website  www.innate-pharma.com . A replay of the webcast will be available on the Company website for 90 days following the event.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® ( A ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn .Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240506536913/en/InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.eu",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['Q1 2024 Business Update', 'Innate Pharma', 'Conference Call', 'Webcast', 'ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'Frédéric Lombard', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'U.S. Securities', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'multiple tumor types', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Executive Vice President', 'Senior Vice President', 'innate immune system', 'following registration link', 'IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'Ticker code Euronext', 'leading research institutions', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Q1 2024 Business Update', 'Innate Pharma website', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'following link', 'proprietary platform', 'financial condition', 'business progress', 'cancer patients', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Paris', 'first quarter', 'Hervé Brailly', 'Sonia Quaratino', 'Yannis Morel', 'Arvind Sood', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'source version', 'Media Relations', 'Arthur Rouillé', 'Conference Call', 'US Operations', 'US office', 'actual results', 'Regulatory News', 'Virtual Event', 'advanced form', 'Company website', 'live webcast', 'numerous risks', 'AMF website', 'looking information', 'Investors section', 'Henry Wheeler', 'IPH Nasdaq', '8 a', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'CEST', 'Participants', 'Details', 'events', 'telephone', 'registrations', 'Q4I9730892', 'innate-pharma', 'replay', '90 days', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Marseille', 'France', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'December', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire', 'Tel.', 'NewCap', '33']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,investorsobserver.com
40513,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS-S-A-29750724/news/GenSight-Biologics-Announces-the-Availability-of-a-Prospectus-in-Connection-With-the-Listing-of-New-46652980/,GenSight Biologics Announces the Availability of a Prospectus in Connection With the Listing of New Shares on Euronext Paris,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT BEING MADE IN AND COPIES OF IT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED OR SENT  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  SOUTH AFRICA  JAPAN OR AUSTRALIAGenSight Biologics   a biopharma Compa…,"Regulatory News:THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT BEING MADE IN AND COPIES OF IT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED OR SENT  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  SOUTH AFRICA  JAPAN OR AUSTRALIAGenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible) (the ""Company"")  a biopharma Company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  announced today the availability of a listing prospectus approved by the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the ""AMF"") under number D.24-0299-A01  on May 7  2024  in the context of the admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris of new shares of the Company that will be or may be issued upon (i) a capital increase reserved to specialized investors and (ii) a concurrent capital increase by way of a private placement  by the issuance of new shares with warrants attached  for a total gross amount of approximately €9.2 million.The listing prospectus approved by the AMF under number D.24-0299-A01 consists of:The 2023 universal registration document filed by the Company with the AMF on April 17  2024 under number D.23-0299;The amendment to the 2023 universal registration document filed by the Company with the AMF on May 7  2024 under number D.24-0299-A01;A securities note; andThe summary of the prospectus (included in the securities note).These documents are available free of charge on the website of the Company (https://www.gensight-biologics.com) and of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org).About GenSight BiologicsGenSight Biologics S.A. is a clinical-stage biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders. GenSight Biologics’ pipeline leverages two core technology platforms  the Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence (MTS) and optogenetics  to help preserve or restore vision in patients suffering from blinding retinal diseases. GenSight Biologics’ lead product candidate  LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)  is an investigational compound and has not been registered in any country at this stage  developed for the treatment of Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)  a rare mitochondrial disease affecting primarily teens and young adults that leads to irreversible blindness. Using its gene therapy-based approach  GenSight Biologics’ product candidates are designed to be administered in a single treatment to each eye by intravitreal injection to offer patients a sustainable functional visual recovery.DisclaimerThis announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Any decision to purchase shares must be made solely on the basis of publicly available information on the Company.No communication and no information in respect of the offering by the Company of its shares may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where registration or approval is required. No steps have been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required. The offering or subscription of shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions.This announcement does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering nor an invitation to the public in connection with any offer. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.Not for release  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States  Canada  South Africa  Japan or Australia. This document (and the information contained herein) does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale  or solicitation of an offer to purchase securities  in the United States  Canada  South Africa  Japan or Australia or any other jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be unlawful. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with the securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction of the United States. No public offering of the securities will be made in the United States.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240507385325/en/",neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['GenSight Biologics', 'New Shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'Availability', 'Prospectus', 'Connection', 'Listing', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'GenSight Biologics’ lead product candidate', 'central nervous system disorders', 'two core technology platforms', 'Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy', 'sustainable functional visual recovery', 'GenSight Biologics S.A.', 'GenSight Biologics’ product candidates', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'GenSight Biologics’ pipeline', 'innovative gene therapies', 'total gross amount', 'Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence', 'rare mitochondrial disease', 'gene therapy-based approach', 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', 'concurrent capital increase', '2023 universal registration document', 'clinical-stage biopharma company', 'retinal diseases', 'registration requirements', 'Regulatory News', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'regulated market', 'specialized investors', 'private placement', 'lenadogene nolparvovec', 'investigational compound', 'young adults', 'irreversible blindness', 'intravitreal injection', 'specific legal', 'source version', 'securities note', 'securities laws', 'listing prospectus', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'other jurisdiction', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'single treatment', 'regulatory restrictions', 'new shares', 'public offering', 'COPIES', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'AUSTRALIA', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'availability', 'AMF', 'number', 'May', 'context', 'admission', 'Paris', 'way', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'A01', 'April', 'amendment', 'summary', 'documents', 'charge', 'website', 'gensight-biologics', 'france', 'org', 'MTS', 'optogenetics', 'vision', 'patients', 'LUMEVOQ®', 'country', 'LHON', 'teens', 'eye', 'Disclaimer', 'announcement', 'advertisement', 'meaning', 'decision', 'basis', 'information', 'communication', 'respect', 'approval', 'steps', 'subscription', 'jurisdictions', 'circumstances', 'invitation', 'connection', 'distribution', 'Persons', 'possession', 'sale', 'solicitation', 'exemption', 'transaction', 'compliance', 'businesswire']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40514,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2876295/0/en/argenx-to-Present-at-BofA-Securities-2024-Health-Care-Conference.html,argenx to Present at BofA Securities 2024 Health Care Conference,May 7  2024Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of the management team will participate in…,May 7  2024Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of the management team will participate in a fireside chat at the BofA Securities 2024 Health Care Conference on Tuesday  May 14  2024 at 10:00 AM PT in Las Vegas  NV.A live webcast of the fireside chat may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately 90 days following the fireside chat.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  Canada and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  X/Twitter  Instagram  Facebook  and YouTube.For further information  please contact:Media:Ben Petokbpetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.com,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['BofA Securities 2024 Health Care Conference', 'argenx', 'BofA Securities 2024 Health Care Conference', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Ben Petok bpetok', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'The Company', 'management team', 'fireside chat', '10:00 AM PT', 'Las Vegas', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Alexandra Roy', 'Lynn Elton', 'live webcast', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'members', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'replay', '90 days', 'IIP', 'first', 'Japan', 'Israel', 'UK', 'Canada', 'China', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'X/Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Media', 'aroy', 'lelton']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40515,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/2CRSi-SA-Press-Release-Monthly-information-regarding-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-sh-46651816/,2CRSi SA: Press Release   Monthly information regarding the total number of voting rights and shares comprising the share capital as of April 30  2024,(marketscreener.com) 2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: Press Release   Monthly information regarding the total number of voting rights and shares comprising the share capital as of April 30  2024 07-May-2024 / 17:32 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory Ne…,2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: Press Release Monthly information regarding the total number of voting rights and shares comprising the share capital as of April 30  202407-May-2024 / 17:32 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press Release Monthly information regarding the total number of voting rights and shares comprising the share capital as of April 30  2024 Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF). Date Total number of shares comprising the share capital Total number of theoretical voting rights Total number of exercisable voting rights1 30/04/2024 22 306 095 30 897 384 30 871 528 1 Number of exercisable voting rights = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares minus the number of shares deprived of voting rights (treasury shares  etc.). - END – About 2CRSi Founded in Strasbourg  France  the 2CRSi Group designs  produces and markets high-performance  customized  eco-responsible servers. In fiscal year 2022-2023  the Group generated sales of 184 million euros. The Group now markets its innovative solutions (computing  storage and networking) in over 50 countries. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN Code: FR0013341781)  and its shares were transferred to Euronext Growth in November 2022. For further information: 2crsi.com Contacts2CRSi 2CRSi Philippe Steinmetz Group Chief Financial Office 03 68 41 10 60 investors@2crsi.com Seitosei.Actifin Foucauld Charavay Financial Communication 01 80 18 26 33 foucauld.charavay@actifin.fr Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: 2CRSI Shares and voting rights monthly report - April 2024,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Press Release \xa0 Monthly information', '2CRSi SA', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'shares', 'April', 'Contacts2CRSi 2CRSi Philippe Steinmetz Group Chief Financial Office', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Regulatory filing PDF file File', 'Actifin Foucauld Charavay Financial Communication', 'high-performance, customized, eco-responsible servers', 'voting rights monthly report', 'Press Release Monthly information', 'French Regulatory News', 'exercisable voting rights1', 'French Commercial Code', 'theoretical voting rights', '2CRSi Group', 'EQS Group', 'The Group', 'ISIN Code', '2CRSi SA', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'fiscal year', '184 million euros', 'innovative solutions', 'total number', '2CRSI Shares', 'Euronext Growth', 'treasury shares', 'April', 'May', 'CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Article', 'AMF', 'Date', 'END', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'sales', 'computing', 'storage', 'networking', '50 countries', 'June', 'market', 'Paris', 'November', 'Seitosei']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40516,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALGOWATT-S-P-A-3822461/news/AlgoWatt-S-p-A-The-Board-of-Directors-resolves-to-file-a-petition-for-the-judicial-liquidation-of-46650903/,AlgoWatt S p A : The Board of Directors resolves to file a petition for the judicial liquidation of the Company,(marketscreener.com)    Press Release   Milan  7 May 2024   algoWatt: the Board of Directors resolves to file a petition for the judicial liquidation of the company   The Board of Directors of algoWatt  a GreenTech Company listed on the Euronext M…,"Press ReleaseMilan  7 May 2024algoWatt: the Board of Directors resolves to file a petition for the judicial liquidation of the companyThe Board of Directors of algoWatt  a GreenTech Company listed on the Euronext Milan market of the Italian Stock Exchange  met today under the chairmanship of Stefano Neri and in the presence of the notary public Francesco Giovanni Sapia  and resolved to file a petition for the opening of the judicial liquidation of the company pursuant to articles 37  39 and 40 et seq. and 121 et seq. CCII  giving a mandate to the Chairman of the Board of Directors to sign and submit this appeal  including the relevant annexes  to the Court of Milan. The Board of Directors also resolved to empower the Chairman of the Board of Directors to represent the Company in all the tasks provided for by the CCII for the purpose of filing the appeal and the relevant documents  with all the inherent and consequent powers.algoWatt informs that these resolutions were taken as the investment proposal by a third-party industrial party  which had expressed interest in the transaction  as communicated on 4 May 2024  did not result in a binding offer. As a result of this circumstance  the independent professional appointed pursuant to Article 87  paragraph 3 and Article 284  paragraphs 1 and 5  CCII  deemed the plan not asseverable and consequently not approvable. Therefore  within the term prescribed by the Court of Milan  neither a final proposal of composition with creditors nor an application for approval of debt restructuring agreements was filed.Consequently  the Board of Directors deemed it appropriate - given the legal requirements and the fact that the Company is no longer able to regularly meet its obligations - to file the above-mentioned petition pursuant to Articles 37  39 and 40 of the Italian Civil Code  requesting the opening of the judicial liquidation of the Company  to be filed together with the company ""Italeaf S.p.A.""  even though two petitions for the opening of the judicial liquidation  filed respectively by Giovanni La Croce and the Public Prosecutor's Office of Milan  are already pending before the Court of Milan against AlgoWatt and the parent company.This press release is also available on the Company's website www.algowatt.com.algoWatt (ALW) greentech solutions company designs  develops and integrates solutions for managing energy and natural resources in a sustainable and socially responsible manner. The company provides management and control systems that integrate devices  networks  software and services with a clear sectoral focus: digital energy and utilities  smart cities & enterprises and green mobility. algoWatt was born from the merger of TerniEnergia  a leading company in the renewable energy and environmental industry  and Softeco  an ICT solutions provider with over 40 years of experience for customers operating in the energy  industry and transport sectors. The company  with around 100 employees in 5 locations in Italy and investments in research and innovation amounting to more than 12% of turnover  operates with an efficient corporate organisation  focused on its target markets. algoWatt is listed on the listed on the Euronext Milan market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.For information:",neutral,0.03,0.75,0.22,negative,0.03,0.23,0.74,True,English,"['AlgoWatt S', 'judicial liquidation', 'The', 'Board', 'Directors', 'petition', 'Company', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Italeaf S.p.A.', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Francesco Giovanni Sapia', 'third-party industrial party', 'debt restructuring agreements', 'Italian Civil Code', 'Giovanni La Croce', 'clear sectoral focus', 'efficient corporate organisation', 'ICT solutions provider', 'Euronext Milan market', 'greentech solutions company', 'Press Release', 'judicial liquidation', 'Stefano Neri', 'notary public', 'relevant annexes', 'relevant documents', 'consequent powers', 'investment proposal', 'binding offer', 'independent professional', 'final proposal', 'legal requirements', 'two petitions', 'Public Prosecutor', 'natural resources', 'responsible manner', 'control systems', 'smart cities', 'green mobility', 'transport sectors', 'target markets', 'GreenTech Company', 'digital energy', 'renewable energy', 'environmental industry', 'parent company', 'leading company', '7 May', 'algoWatt', 'Board', 'Directors', 'chairmanship', 'presence', 'opening', 'articles', '40 et', '121 et', 'CCII', 'mandate', 'appeal', 'Court', 'tasks', 'purpose', 'inherent', 'resolutions', 'interest', 'transaction', '4 May', 'result', 'circumstance', 'paragraph', 'plan', 'term', 'composition', 'creditors', 'application', 'approval', 'fact', 'obligations', 'mentioned', 'Office', 'website', 'ALW', 'sustainable', 'management', 'devices', 'networks', 'software', 'services', 'utilities', 'enterprises', 'merger', 'TerniEnergia', 'Softeco', 'over', '40 years', 'experience', 'customers', '100 employees', '5 locations', 'Italy', 'investments', 'research', 'innovation', 'information']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40517,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KBC-GROUPE-NV-5967/news/KBC-Group-Update-regarding-the-KBC-Group-share-buyback-programme-46643649/,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme,(marketscreener.com) Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 29 April 2024 and…,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 29 April 2024 and 3 May 2024  included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 29-04-2024 74 000 € 5 123 272 € 69.23 € 68.78 € 69.68 30-04-2024 73 000 € 5 091 903 € 69.75 € 69.28 € 69.90 02-05-2024 73 000 € 5 104 897 € 69.93 € 69.26 € 70.86 03-05-2024 73 000 € 5 115 256 € 70.07 € 69.62 € 70.62Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 15 424 378 on 3 May 2024  for a total consideration of € 923 770 787.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Total price Average price', 'share buyback programme', 'KBC Group NV', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'trading hours', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '29 April', '3 May', 'Date', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40518,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROBIO-SCIENTIFIC-37705718/news/EUROBIO-SCIENTIFIC-SIGNS-AN-AGREEMENT-TO-ACQUIRE-GENE-EXPRESSION-TEST-FOR-BREAST-CANCER-ENDOPREDICT-46652502/,EUROBIO SCIENTIFIC SIGNS AN AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE GENE EXPRESSION TEST FOR BREAST CANCER ENDOPREDICT®,(marketscreener.com) EUROBIO SCIENTIFIC SIGNS AN AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE GENE EXPRESSION TEST FOR BREAST CANCER ENDOPREDICT® Expansion in the oncology segmentDevelopment of Eurobio Scientific proprietary product portfolioIncrease of international exposure Paris …,"EUROBIO SCIENTIFIC SIGNS AN AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE GENE EXPRESSION TEST FOR BREAST CANCER ENDOPREDICT®Expansion in the oncology segmentDevelopment of Eurobio Scientific proprietary product portfolioIncrease of international exposureParis  7th May 2024 – 06:30 pmEurobio Scientific (FR0013240934  ALERS)  (FR0013240934  ALERS  PEA-PME eligible)  a leading French group in in vitro specialty medical diagnostics and life sciences  announces the signing on May 7th  2024 of an agreement to acquire all rights to second generation gene expression test for breast cancer EndoPredict® from Myriad Genetics. Consequently to this acquisition  Eurobio Scientific will grant Myriad Genetics a license for the manufacture  sale and distribution of the EndoPredict® Breast Cancer Prognosis Test for laboratory developed tests (LDT) that is mostly performed in the United States of America. In addition  Myriad Genetics will grant Eurobio Scientific a license for the manufacture  sale and distribution of Prolaris® Prostate Cancer Prognostic Kit Test.This acquisition and these agreements will allow Eurobio Scientific to complete its oncology portfolio with proprietary and distribution products. It will also strengthen its geographical footprint  mainly in Europe. Completion of this operation is expected in July 2024.EndoPredict® is a highly accurate second-generation multigene expression test for early-stage breast cancer. It provides crucial information to guide treatment decisions for patients with early-stage  hormone receptor-positive (RE-positive) and HER2-negative breast cancer. It predicts the risk of breast cancer recurrence (reappearance) up to 15 years after the initial diagnosis  helping clinicians determine whether a patient is at high or low risk for recurrence.About Myriad GeneticsMyriad Genetics is a leading genetic testing and precision medicine company dedicated to advancing health and well-being for all. Myriad develops and offers genetic tests that help assess the risk of developing disease or disease progression and guide treatment decisions across medical specialties where genetic insights can significantly improve patient care and lower healthcare costs. For more information  visit www.myriad.comAbout Eurobio ScientificEurobio Scientific is a key player in the field of specialty in vitro diagnostics. It is involved from research to manufacturing and commercialization of diagnostic tests in the fields of transplantation  immunology and infectious diseases  and sells instruments and products for research laboratories  including biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Through many partnerships and a strong presence in hospitals  Eurobio Scientific has established its own distribution network and a portfolio of proprietary products in the molecular biology field. The Group has approximately 290 employees and four production units based in the Paris region  in Germany  in the Netherlands and in the United States  and several affiliates based in Dorking UK  Sissach Switzerland  Bünde Germany  Antwerp Belgium  Utrecht in The Netherlands and Milan in Italy.Eurobio Scientific's reference shareholder is the EurobioNext holding company which brings together its two directors  Jean-Michel Carle and Denis Fortier  alongside the ""Pépites et Territoires"" by AXA & NextStage AM investment program  managed by NextStage AM.For more information  please visit: www.eurobio-scientific.comThe company is publicly listed on the Euronext Growth market in ParisEuronext Growth BPI Innovation  PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indices  Euronext European Rising Tech label.Symbol: ALERS - ISIN Code: FR0013240934 - Reuters: ALERS.PA - Bloomberg: ALERS:FPContactsGroupe Eurobio ScientificDenis Fortier  Chairman and CEOOlivier Bosc  Deputy CEO / CFOTel. +33(0) 1 69 79 64 80 CalyptusMathieu CalleuxInvestors RelationsTel. +33(1) 53 65 68 68 - eurobio-scientific@calyptus.netAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['EUROBIO SCIENTIFIC SIGNS', 'GENE EXPRESSION TEST', 'BREAST CANCER ENDOPREDICT', 'AGREEMENT', 'Prolaris® Prostate Cancer Prognostic Kit Test', 'accurate second-generation multigene expression test', 'Euronext European Rising Tech label', 'second generation gene expression test', 'EndoPredict® Breast Cancer Prognosis Test', 'Euronext Growth BPI Innovation', 'Eurobio Scientific proprietary product portfolio', 'NextStage AM investment program', 'vitro specialty medical diagnostics', 'Euronext Growth market', 'early-stage breast cancer', 'HER2-negative breast cancer', 'BREAST CANCER ENDOPREDICT®', 'early-stage, hormone receptor-positive', 'lower healthcare costs', 'four production units', 'Next Biotech indices', 'breast cancer recurrence', 'leading French group', 'leading genetic testing', 'precision medicine company', 'EurobioNext holding company', 'molecular biology field', 'Bünde Germany', 'Groupe Eurobio Scientific', 'EUROBIO SCIENTIFIC SIGNS', 'vitro diagnostics', 'medical specialties', 'oncology portfolio', 'The Group', 'genetic insights', 'proprietary products', 'oncology segment', 'international exposure', '7th May', 'life sciences', 'May 7th', 'United States', 'geographical footprint', 'treatment decisions', 'initial diagnosis', 'genetic tests', 'key player', 'infectious diseases', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'many partnerships', 'strong presence', 'several affiliates', 'Dorking UK', 'Sissach Switzerland', 'Antwerp Belgium', 'reference shareholder', 'two directors', 'Jean-Michel Carle', 'Denis Fortier', 'Pépites', 'ISIN Code', 'Olivier Bosc', 'Mathieu Calleux', 'Investors Relations', 'Myriad Genetics', 'diagnostic tests', 'disease progression', 'patient care', 'research laboratories', 'distribution network', 'The Netherlands', 'Deputy CEO', 'crucial information', 'low risk', 'Paris region', 'distribution products', 'AGREEMENT', 'Expansion', 'Development', 'Increase', 'ALERS', 'PEA-PME', 'signing', 'rights', 'acquisition', 'license', 'manufacture', 'sale', 'laboratory', 'LDT', 'America', 'addition', 'Completion', 'operation', 'July', 'patients', 'reappearance', 'clinicians', 'high', 'well-being', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'fields', 'transplantation', 'immunology', 'instruments', 'biotechnology', 'hospitals', '290 employees', 'Utrecht', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Territoires', 'AXA', 'Symbol', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Contacts', 'Chairman', 'CFO', 'Tel.', 'Calyptus', 'Attachment', '06:30']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40519,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-Annual-General-Meeting-of-JCDecaux-SE-of-7-May-2024-46653202/,JCDecaux : Annual General Meeting of JCDecaux SE of 7 May 2024,(marketscreener.com)   Annual General Meeting of JCDecaux SE of 7 May 2024   Paris  7 May 2024 - The Combined Annual General Meeting of JCDecaux SE was held on 7 May 2024 at the company's head office.   The Annual General Meeting approved all the reso…,"Annual General Meeting of JCDecaux SE of 7 May 2024Paris  7 May 2024 - The Combined Annual General Meeting of JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC) was held on 7 May 2024 at the company's head office.The Annual General Meeting (AGM) approved all the resolutions put to the vote.In particular  the AGM:approved the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023;renewed the mandates of four members of the Supervisory Board: Gérard Degonse  Jean-Pierre Decaux and Michel Bleitrach for one year  and Jean-François Ducrest for three years;Jean-Pierre Decaux and Michel Bleitrach for one year  and Jean-François Ducrest for three years; approved the 2024 compensation policy for corporate officers and the compensation components paid or allocated in respect of 2023;renewed the appointment of KPMG SA as Statutory Auditor for six financial years;appointed MAZARS as Statutory Auditors to replace Ernst & Young et Autres for six financial years;appointed GRANT THORNTON as Statutory Auditors responsible for certifying sustainability information for three financial years;renewed the expiring financial delegations and authorisations granted to the Executive Board.Following the Meeting  the Supervisory Board renewed the mandates of Gérard Degonse as Chairman of the Supervisory Board and Jean-Pierre Decaux as Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board for the duration of their terms as Supervisory Board members.The Supervisory Board also renewed  for the duration of their terms as Supervisory Board members  the mandates of:Jean-François Ducrest as member and Chairman of the Audit Committee;Ducrest as member and Chairman of the Audit Committee; Michel Bleitrach as member and Chairman of the Compensation and Nominating Committee;Gérard Degonse as member of the Compensation and Nominating Committee;Jean-François Ducrest as member of the Compensation and Nominating Committee;Ducrest as member of the Compensation and Nominating Committee; Michel Bleitrach as member and Chairman of the Ethics and ESG Committee;Jean-François Ducrest as member of the Ethics and ESG Committee.The Supervisory Board appointed Jean-Charles Decaux as Chairman of the Executive Board and Jean-François Decaux as Chief Executive Officer for a period of one year  in accordance with the principle of alternating the Chief Executive Officer position at JCDecaux SE.For commercial and public-representation purposes  Jean-Charles Decaux and Jean- François Decaux use the title of ""Co-Chief Executive Officer"" of JCDecaux.Key Figures for JCDecaux",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'JCDecaux SE', '7 May', 'Combined Annual General Meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer position', 'Jean- François Decaux', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Co-Chief Executive Officer', 'Gérard Degonse', 'expiring financial delegations', 'Jean-François Ducrest', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'six financial years', 'three financial years', 'The Supervisory Board', 'Supervisory Board members', 'Executive Board', 'three years', 'financial statements', 'four members', 'Jean-Pierre Decaux', 'Jean-Charles Decaux', 'head office', 'Michel Bleitrach', 'corporate officers', 'KPMG SA', 'Statutory Auditor', 'GRANT THORNTON', 'sustainability information', 'Audit Committee', 'Nominating Committee', 'ESG Committee', 'public-representation purposes', 'Key Figures', 'one year', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext Paris', '2024 compensation policy', 'compensation components', '7 May', 'company', 'AGM', 'resolutions', 'vote', '31 December', 'mandates', 'respect', 'appointment', 'MAZARS', 'Ernst', 'Young', 'Autres', 'authorisations', 'Chairman', 'duration', 'terms', 'Ethics', 'period', 'accordance', 'principle', 'commercial', 'title', '2023']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40520,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-Annual-General-Meeting-of-JCDecaux-SE-of-7-May-2024-46652978/,JCDecaux : Annual General Meeting of JCDecaux SE of 7 May 2024,(marketscreener.com) Annual General Meeting of JCDecaux SE of 7 May 2024 Paris  7 May 2024 – The Combined Annual General Meeting of JCDecaux SE was held on 7 May 2024 at the company’s head office. The Annual General Meeting approved all the resolutions put to…,Annual General Meeting of JCDecaux SE of 7 May 2024Paris  7 May 2024 – The Combined Annual General Meeting of JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC) was held on 7 May 2024 at the company’s head office.The Annual General Meeting (AGM) approved all the resolutions put to the vote.In particular  the AGM:approved the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023;renewed the mandates of four members of the Supervisory Board: Gérard Degonse  Jean-Pierre Decaux and Michel Bleitrach for one year  and Jean-François Ducrest for three years;approved the 2024 compensation policy for corporate officers and the compensation components paid or allocated in respect of 2023;renewed the appointment of KPMG SA as Statutory Auditor for six financial years;appointed MAZARS as Statutory Auditors to replace Ernst & Young et Autres for six financial years;appointed GRANT THORNTON as Statutory Auditors responsible for certifying sustainability information for three financial years;renewed the expiring financial delegations and authorisations granted to the Executive Board.Following the Meeting  the Supervisory Board renewed the mandates of Gérard Degonse as Chairman of the Supervisory Board and Jean-Pierre Decaux as Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board for the duration of their terms as Supervisory Board members.The Supervisory Board also renewed  for the duration of their terms as Supervisory Board members  the mandates of:Jean-François Ducrest as member and Chairman of the Audit Committee;Michel Bleitrach as member and Chairman of the Compensation and Nominating Committee;Gérard Degonse as member of the Compensation and Nominating Committee;Jean-François Ducrest as member of the Compensation and Nominating Committee;Michel Bleitrach as member and Chairman of the Ethics and ESG Committee;Jean-François Ducrest as member of the Ethics and ESG Committee.The Supervisory Board appointed Jean-Charles Decaux as Chairman of the Executive Board and Jean-François Decaux as Chief Executive Officer for a period of one year  in accordance with the principle of alternating the Chief Executive Officer position at JCDecaux SE.For commercial and public-representation purposes  Jean-Charles Decaux and Jean-François Decaux use the title of “Co-Chief Executive Officer” of JCDecaux.Key Figures for JCDecaux2023 revenue: €3 570.0m(a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 056 833 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 918 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 650 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognized for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.4/5)  CDP (A)  MSCI (AAA)  Sustainalytics (13.7)  and has achieved Gold Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (630 196 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 258 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (319 081 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (85 743 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (708 620 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (165 292 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (91 682 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (25 337 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (21 300 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'JCDecaux SE', '7 May', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Combined Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'Chief Executive Officer position', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Gérard Degonse', 'Jean-François Ducrest', 'Gold Medal status', 'expiring financial delegations', 'six financial years', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'Home Media company', 'three financial years', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'The Supervisory Board', 'Supervisory Board members', 'three years', 'Executive Board', 'financial statements', 'four members', 'Jean-Pierre Decaux', 'Jean-Charles Decaux', 'head office', 'Michel Bleitrach', 'corporate officers', 'KPMG SA', 'Statutory Auditor', 'GRANT THORNTON', 'Audit Committee', 'Nominating Committee', 'ESG Committee', 'public-representation purposes', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', '1,056,833 advertising panels', 'extra-financial performance', 'EcoVadis 1st', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', '30,196 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '85,743 advertising panels', 'outdoor advertising', 'Latin America', '91,682 advertising panels', '25,337 advertising panels', 'Middle East', '21,300 advertising panels', 'Communications Department', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'one year', 'sustainability information', '2024 compensation policy', 'compensation components', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext 100', '7 May', 'AGM', 'resolutions', 'vote', '31 December', 'mandates', 'respect', 'appointment', 'MAZARS', 'Ernst', 'Young', 'Autres', 'authorisations', 'Chairman', 'duration', 'terms', 'Ethics', 'period', 'accordance', 'principle', 'commercial', 'title', '2023 revenue', '80 countries', '3,918 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '11,650 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AAA', 'Sustainalytics', 'RE100', 'Leader', 'pioneer', '153 airports', '258 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'asseraf', 'remi', 'Attachment']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40521,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2877041/0/en/FORVIA-Total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-forming-the-share-capital.html,FORVIA: Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital,Nanterre  7 May 2024  Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital (Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article......,Nanterre  7 May 2024Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 ofthe General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority)__________________Trading place : Euronext ParisCompartment : AISIN code : FR0000121147LEI code : 969500F0VMZLK2IULV85Date Number of shares Total number of voting rights (theoretical) (1) 30 APRIL 2024 197 089 340 224 511 803(1) In accordance with the provisions of Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority  the total number of voting rights (theoretical) is calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including the shares deprived of voting rights.Inclusion in the bylaws of a clause that requires crossing thresholds declaration in addition to that related to legal thresholds: yesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'FORVIA', 'shares', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'ISIN code', 'LEI code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Trading place', 'Date Number', 'thresholds declaration', 'legal thresholds', 'Article L.', 'Nanterre', '7 May', 'shares', '969500F0VMZLK2IULV85', '30 APRIL', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'basis', 'Inclusion', 'bylaws', 'clause', 'addition', 'Attachment']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40522,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNATE-PHARMA-35620/news/Innate-Pharma-Announces-Conference-Call-and-Webcast-for-Q1-2024-Business-Update-46643075/,Innate Pharma Announces Conference Call and Webcast for Q1 2024 Business Update,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA   today announced that the Company will hold a conference call on Tuesday  May 14  2024  at 2 p.m. CEST / 8 a.m. EDT  to give an update on business progress during the first quarter of 2024.Particip…,"Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”)  today announced that the Company will hold a conference call on Tuesday  May 14  2024  at 2 p.m. CEST / 8 a.m. EDT  to give an update on business progress during the first quarter of 2024.Participants during the call will be:Hervé Brailly  Chief Executive OfficerSonia Quaratino  Executive Vice President  Chief Medical OfficerYannis Morel  Executive Vice President  Chief Operating OfficerFrédéric Lombard  Senior Vice President  Chief Financial OfficerArvind Sood  Executive Vice President  President of US OperationsDetails for the Virtual EventThe live webcast will be available at the following link:https://events.q4inc.com/attendee/244650312Participants may also join via telephone using the following registration link: https://registrations.events/direct/Q4I9730892This information can also be found on the Investors section of the Innate Pharma website  www.innate-pharma.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the Company website for 90 days following the event.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240506536913/en/",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,negative,0.0,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Q1 2024 Business Update', 'Innate Pharma', 'Conference Call', 'Webcast', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'Frédéric Lombard', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'U.S. Securities', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'multiple tumor types', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Executive Vice President', 'Senior Vice President', 'innate immune system', 'following registration link', 'IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'Ticker code Euronext', 'leading research institutions', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma website', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'following link', 'proprietary platform', 'financial condition', 'cancer patients', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Paris', 'business progress', 'first quarter', 'Hervé Brailly', 'Sonia Quaratino', 'Yannis Morel', 'Arvind Sood', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'source version', 'US Operations', 'US office', 'actual results', 'Regulatory News', 'conference call', 'Virtual Event', 'live webcast', 'Investors section', 'advanced form', 'Company website', 'numerous risks', 'AMF website', 'looking information', 'IPH Nasdaq', '8 a', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'CEST', 'update', 'Participants', 'Details', 'events', 'telephone', 'registrations', 'Q4I9730892', 'innate-pharma', 'replay', '90 days', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Marseille', 'France', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40523,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS-S-A-29750724/news/GenSight-Biologics-S-A-Terms-of-availability-of-prospectuses-46653199/,GenSight Biologics S A : Terms of availability of prospectuses,(marketscreener.com)   THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT BEING MADE IN AND COPIES OF IT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED OR SENT  DIRECTLY OR   INDIRECTLY  INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  SOUTH AFRICA  JAPAN OR AUSTRALIA   PRESS RELEASE   GenSight Biologics announce…,"These documents are available free of charge on the website of the Company (https://www.gensight- biologics.com) and of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org).Paris  France  May 7  2024  6.30 p.m. CET - GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible) (the ""Company"")  a biopharma Company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  announced today the availability of a listing prospectus approved by the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the ""AMF"") under number D.24-0299-A01  on May 7  2024  in the context of the admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris of new shares of the Company that will be or may be issued upon (i) a capital increase reserved to specialized investors and (ii) a concurrent capital increase by way of a private placement  by the issuance of new shares with warrants attached  for a total gross amount of approximately €9.2 million.THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT BEING MADE IN AND COPIES OF IT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED OR SENT  DIRECTLY ORTHIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT BEING MADE IN AND COPIES OF IT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED OR SENT  DIRECTLY ORINDIRECTLY  INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  SOUTH AFRICA  JAPAN OR AUSTRALIApipeline leverages two core technology platforms  the Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence (MTS) and optogenetics  to help preserve or restore vision in patients suffering from blinding retinal diseases. GenSight Biologics' lead product candidate  LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)  is an investigational compound and has not been registered in any country at this stage  developed for the treatment of Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)  a rare mitochondrial disease affecting primarily teens and young adults that leads to irreversible blindness. Using its gene therapy-based approach  GenSight Biologics' product candidates are designed to be administered in a single treatment to each eye by intravitreal injection to offer patients a sustainable functional visual recovery.DisclaimerThis announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Any decision to purchase shares must be made solely on the basis of publicly available information on the Company.No communication and no information in respect of the offering by the Company of its shares may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where registration or approval is required. No steps have been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required. The offering or subscription of shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions.This announcement does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering nor an invitation to the public in connection with any offer. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.Not for release  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States  Canada  South Africa  Japan or Australia. This document (and the information contained herein) does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale  or solicitation of an offer to purchase securities  in the United States  Canada  South Africa  Japan or Australia or any other jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be unlawful. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with the securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction of the United States. No public offering of the securities will be made in the United States.2 | 2WS0101.37640877.1",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['GenSight Biologics S A', 'Terms', 'availability', 'prospectuses', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', ""GenSight Biologics' lead product candidate"", 'central nervous system disorders', 'two core technology platforms', 'Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy', 'sustainable functional visual recovery', ""GenSight Biologics' product candidates"", 'U.S. Securities Act', 'innovative gene therapies', 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', 'total gross amount', 'Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence', 'blinding retinal diseases', 'rare mitochondrial disease', 'gene therapy-based approach', 'concurrent capital increase', 'gensight- biologics', 'regulated market', 'specialized investors', 'private placement', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'lenadogene nolparvovec', 'investigational compound', 'young adults', 'irreversible blindness', 'intravitreal injection', 'specific legal', 'securities laws', 'listing prospectus', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'other jurisdiction', 'single treatment', 'regulatory restrictions', 'registration requirements', 'new shares', 'AUSTRALIA pipeline', 'biopharma Company', 'public offering', 'documents', 'charge', 'website', 'AMF', 'france', 'org', 'Paris', 'May', 'CET', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'availability', 'number', 'A01', 'context', 'admission', 'way', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'COPIES', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'MTS', 'optogenetics', 'vision', 'patients', 'LUMEVOQ®', 'country', 'stage', 'LHON', 'teens', 'eye', 'Disclaimer', 'announcement', 'advertisement', 'meaning', 'decision', 'basis', 'information', 'communication', 'respect', 'approval', 'steps', 'subscription', 'jurisdictions', 'circumstances', 'invitation', 'connection', 'distribution', 'Persons', 'possession', 'sale', 'solicitation', 'exemption', 'transaction', 'compliance', '6.30']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40524,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COLRUYT-GROUP-N-V-5976/news/Colruyt-N-Repurchase-of-treasury-shares-46643191/,Colruyt N : Repurchase of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE - Halle   7 May 2024 - 08h30 - Regulated information   Repurchase of treasury shares   Referring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in e…,PRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium)  7 May 2024 - 08h30 - Regulated informationRepurchase of treasury sharesReferring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in execution of the Companies and Associations Code  Colruyt Group NV communicates that it has purchased in the period from 29 April 2024 to 3 May 2024 a total of 42.064 treasury shares at the regulated market Euronext Brussels  at an MTF or outside of an organised trading facility in accordance with applicable regulations.The Board of Directors of Colruyt Group has performed this purchase after having been so empowered by the extraordinary general meeting of 10 October 2019.As a result of these transactions the company holds a total of 2.223.824 treasury shares on 3 May 2024 or 1 75% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 127.348.890).An overview of the repurchases of treasury shares since 1 July 2009  will be available on our website www.colruytgroup.comunder:Investors/Shareholders' information/Overview of capital and shares/Repurchase of shares.Overview of repurchases from 29 April 2024 to 3 May 2024Date of Trading Number Average Highest Lowest Total (EUR) purchase facility (1) of shares price (EUR) purchase purchase price (EUR) price (EUR) 29/04/2024 ENB 4.920 43 6167 43 90 43 14 29/04/2024 4.920 43 6167 214.594 16 30/04/2024 ENB 6.954 43 9028 44 10 43 68 30/04/2024 DXE 4.090 43 8303 43 92 43 72 30/04/2024 11.044 43 8759 484.565 44 01/05/2024 Stock exchange closed 02/05/2024 ENB 9.667 43 7761 44 02 43 44 02/05/2024 DXE 833 43 6319 43 80 43 32 02/05/2024 10.500 43 7647 459.529 35 03/05/2024 ENB 8.450 43 6732 43 98 43 42 03/05/2024 DXE 7.150 43 6243 43 86 43 48 03/05/2024 15.600 43 6508 680.952 48 General total 42.064 43 73 1.839.641 43MIC Code trading facility: Aquis (AQE)  CBOE-DXE (DXE)  Turquoise Europe (TQEX)  Euronext Brussels (ENB)  Off-marketContactKris Castelein (Secretary to the Board of Directors) +32 2 363 55 45 investor@colruytgroup.comAbout Colruyt GroupColruyt Group operates in the food and non-food distribution sector in Belgium  France and Luxembourg with more than 700 own stores and over 580 affiliated stores. In Belgium  this includes Colruyt Lowest Prices  Okay  Bio-Planet  Cru  Dreambaby  Bike Republic  Zeb  PointCarré  The Fashion Store and the affiliated stores Spar and PointCarré. In France  in addition to Colruyt stores and DATS 24 filling stations  there are also affiliated Coccinelle  Coccimarket  Panier Sympa and PointCarré stores. Jims operates fitness clubs in Belgium and Luxembourg. Newpharma is the Belgian online pharmacy of Colruyt Group. Solucious and Culinoa deliver food service and retail products to professional customers in Belgium (hospitals  SMEs  hospitality sector  etc.). The activities of Colruyt Group also comprise printing and document management solutions (Symeta Hybrid). Colruyt Group also holds interests  amongst others in Virya Energy (to which DATS 24 belongs since June 2023) and in Dreamland. The group employs more than 32.000 employees and recorded a EUR 10 8 billion revenue in 2022/23. Colruyt Group NV is listed on Euronext Brussels (COLR) under ISIN code BE0974256852.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.61,0.37,0.02,True,English,"['Colruyt N', 'treasury shares', 'Repurchase', 'MIC Code trading facility', 'organised trading facility', 'The Fashion Store', 'Belgian online pharmacy', 'document management solutions', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'non-food distribution sector', 'Colruyt Lowest Prices', 'DATS 24 filling stations', 'Highest Lowest Total', 'EUR 10,8 billion revenue', 'Colruyt Group NV', 'purchase purchase price', 'purchase facility', 'Trading Number', 'Associations Code', 'hospitality sector', 'ISIN code', 'General total', 'shares price', 'Colruyt stores', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated information', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'applicable regulations', ""Shareholders' information"", 'Stock exchange', 'Turquoise Europe', 'Kris Castelein', 'Bike Republic', 'Panier Sympa', 'fitness clubs', 'retail products', 'professional customers', 'Symeta Hybrid', 'Virya Energy', 'total number', '580 affiliated stores', 'treasury shares', 'market Contact', 'food service', 'PointCarré stores', 'Halle', 'Belgium', '7 May', '08h30', 'Repurchase', 'article', 'Companies', '29 April', 'execution', 'period', '3 May', 'MTF', 'accordance', 'Board', 'Directors', '10 October', 'result', 'transactions', 'company', 'overview', '1 July', 'website', 'colruytgroup', 'capital', 'Date', 'ENB', 'DXE', 'Aquis', 'AQE', 'TQEX', 'Secretary', 'investor', 'France', 'Luxembourg', 'Okay', 'Bio-Planet', 'Cru', 'Dreambaby', 'Zeb', 'Spar', 'addition', 'Coccinelle', 'Coccimarket', 'Jims', 'Newpharma', 'Solucious', 'Culinoa', 'hospitals', 'SMEs', 'activities', 'printing', 'interests', 'others', 'June', 'Dreamland', '32.000 employees', '700']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40525,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/innate-pharma-announces-conference-call-and-webcast-for-q1-2024-business-update-93CH-3423125,Innate Pharma Announces Conference Call and Webcast for Q1 2024 Business Update By Investing.com,Innate Pharma Announces Conference Call and Webcast for Q1 2024 Business Update,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (OTC: ) (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (Innate or the Company)  today announced that the Company will hold a conference call on Tuesday  May 14  2024  at 2 p.m. CEST / 8 a.m. EDT  to give an update on business progress during the first quarter of 2024.Participants during the call will be:HervÃ© Brailly  Chief Executive OfficerSonia Quaratino  Executive Vice President  Chief Medical OfficerYannis Morel  Executive Vice President  Chief Operating OfficerFrÃ©dÃ©ric Lombard  Senior Vice President  Chief Financial OfficerArvind Sood  Executive Vice President  President of US OperationsDetails for the Virtual EventThe live webcast will be available at the following link:https://events.q4inc.com/attendee/244650312Participants may also join via telephone using the following registration link: https://registrations.events/direct/Q4I9730892This information can also be found on the Investors section of the Innate Pharma website  www.innate-pharma.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the Company website for 90 days following the event.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate's portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca (NASDAQ: ) in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi (NASDAQ: ) and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorHeadquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including believe  potential  expect and will and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company's commercialization efforts and the Company's continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma's website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorThis press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240506536913/en/InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouillÃ©Tel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.euSource: Innate Pharma SA",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['Q1 2024 Business Update', 'Innate Pharma', 'Conference Call', 'Investing.com', 'Webcast', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'FrÃ©dÃ©ric Lombard', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'U.S. Securities', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'multiple tumor types', '3rd party Ad.', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Executive Vice President', 'Senior Vice President', 'innate immune system', 'following registration link', 'IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'Ticker code Euronext', 'leading research institutions', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma website', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'following link', 'proprietary platform', 'financial condition', 'cancer patients', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Paris', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business progress', 'first quarter', 'HervÃ© Brailly', 'Sonia Quaratino', 'Yannis Morel', 'Arvind Sood', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'Investing.com', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'amf-france.org', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'Media Relations', 'Arthur RouillÃ©', 'US Operations', 'US office', 'actual results', 'Regulatory News', 'conference call', 'Virtual Event', 'live webcast', 'advanced form', 'source version', 'Company website', 'numerous risks', 'AMF website', 'looking information', 'Investors section', 'Henry Wheeler', 'IPH Nasdaq', '8 a', 'MARSEILLE', 'OTC', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'CEST', 'update', 'Participants', 'Details', 'events', 'telephone', 'registrations', 'Q4I9730892', 'innate-pharma', 'replay', '90 days', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'potential', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'reports', 'year', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire', 'Tel.', 'NewCap', '33', '1']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,investing.com
40526,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VERIMATRIX-60857003/news/Verimatrix-XTD-Enterprise-Suite-Triumphs-at-2024-Cybersecurity-Excellence-Awards-46651917/,Verimatrix XTD Enterprise Suite Triumphs at 2024 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards,(marketscreener.com) Award recognizes Verimatrix’s ongoing leadership in mobile application security innovation for enterpriseshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VERIMATRIX-60857003/news/Verimatrix-XTD-Enterprise-Suite-Triumphs-at-2024-Cybersecurit…,"Award recognizes Verimatrix’s ongoing leadership in mobile application security innovation for enterprisesRegulatory News:Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX) (Paris:VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that its Verimatrix XTD Enterprise Suite won a prestigious 2024 Cybersecurity Excellence Award. This year’s accolade stands as the most recent honor in a multi-year series of award wins recognizing Verimatrix XTD as the trusted  enterprise-grade mobile application security solution of choice.The Verimatrix XTD Enterprise Suite has become the go-to cybersecurity solution for enterprises intent on shielding their iOS and Android applications from reverse engineering and other cyber attacks. Setting itself apart from the competition  Verimatrix offers versatile deployment options  including on-premises toolkits  zero-code cloud solutions  and a bespoke white glove service that ensures cybersecurity defenses are swiftly and cost-effectively implemented into DevSecOps workflows and continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) processes.""Verimatrix XTD stands at the forefront of application security  offering unmatched protection for mobile  web desktop and embedded applications in critical industries while streamlining implementation to empower innovation "" said Tom Powledge  head of cybersecurity at Verimatrix. ""This prestigious award is a testament to the vision and execution of our product and engineering teams  as we continue to deliver cutting-edge  comprehensive security solutions that anticipate and neutralize emerging cyber threats across the globe.""“We congratulate Verimatrix XTD on being recognized as an award winner in the Mobile Application Security category of the 2024 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards ” said Holger Schulze  CEO of Cybersecurity Insiders and founder of the 600 000-member Information Security Community on LinkedIn  which organizes the 9th annual Cybersecurity Excellence Awards. “Your achievement reflects outstanding commitment to the core principles of excellence  innovation and leadership in cybersecurity.”Verimatrix XTD protects mobile app owners from overlay malware  supply chain attacks  application repackaging  dynamic modification  tampering  man-in-the-device attacks  and more with advanced obfuscation techniques  threat detection and response capabilities using AI/ML. For more information on Verimatrix XTD or to schedule a call with a Verimatrix mobile app security specialist  visit https://www.verimatrix.com/cybersecurity.For more information on the Cybersecurity Excellence Awards and a full list of this year’s winners  visit www.cybersecurity-excellence-awards.com.About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit https://www.verimatrix.com/.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240507869797/en/",neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Verimatrix XTD Enterprise Suite Triumphs', '2024 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards', '9th annual Cybersecurity Excellence Awards', 'enterprise-grade mobile application security solution', 'The Verimatrix XTD Enterprise Suite', 'Verimatrix mobile app security specialist', 'bespoke white glove service', 'cutting-edge, comprehensive security solutions', 'Mobile Application Security category', '600,000-member Information Security Community', 'mobile application security innovation', 'mobile app owners', 'prestigious 2024 Cybersecurity Excellence Award', 'mobile, web desktop', 'zero-code cloud solutions', '2024 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards', 'emerging cyber threats', 'advanced obfuscation techniques', 'live streaming sports', 'valuable revenue streams', 'other cyber attacks', 'supply chain attacks', 'versatile deployment options', 'critical mobile applications', 'modern connected world', 'cybersecurity solution', 'application repackaging', 'people-centered security', 'frictionless security', 'prestigious award', 'device attacks', 'continuous deployment', 'critical industries', 'cybersecurity defenses', 'Cybersecurity Insiders', 'award wins', 'award winner', 'Regulatory News', 'recent honor', 'multi-year series', 'Android applications', 'reverse engineering', 'premises toolkits', 'DevSecOps workflows', 'continuous integration', 'CI/CD) processes', 'unmatched protection', 'embedded applications', 'Tom Powledge', 'engineering teams', 'Holger Schulze', 'outstanding commitment', 'core principles', 'overlay malware', 'dynamic modification', 'threat detection', 'response capabilities', 'full list', 'digital content', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'Leading brands', 'premium movies', 'sensitive financial', 'healthcare data', 'trusted connections', 'compelling content', 'new business', 'source version', 'Euronext Paris', 'ongoing leadership', 'enterprises', 'VMX', 'accolade', 'choice', 'iOS', 'competition', 'forefront', 'implementation', 'head', 'testament', 'vision', 'execution', 'product', 'globe', 'CEO', 'founder', 'LinkedIn', 'achievement', 'AI/ML', 'call', 'winners', 'cybersecurity-excellence', 'devices', 'everything', 'mission', 'customers', 'experiences', 'millions', 'consumers', 'partners', 'businesswire']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40527,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions-46645867/,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – 6 May 2024 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from 29 April to 3 May 2024 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s an…,Press ReleaseParis – 6 May 2024Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 29 April to 3 May 2024 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2024-04-29 SELL 5 9.250000 46.25 XAMS 2024-05-02 BUY 12 9.200000 110.40 XAMS 2024-05-03 SELL 6 9.250000 55.50 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2024 results: 15 May 2024General Shareholders’ Meeting: 23 May 2024Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFL Entertainment Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay  the world’s largest independent content producer and distributor) and online sports betting & gaming (through Betclic  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  FL Entertainment recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively. FL Entertainment is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: FLE NA  Reuters: FLE.AS).Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent content producer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'global entertainment leader', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'content production', 'following transactions', 'annual meeting', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'Q1 2024 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'FLE NA', 'FLE.AS', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '6 May', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '29 April', '3 May', 'accordance', 'authorization', '15 June', 'Number', 'SELL', 'XAMS', '2 BUY', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '15 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Banijay', 'world', 'distributor', 'gaming', 'Betclic', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Attachment']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40528,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STAR7-S-P-A-131086271/news/Star7-S-p-A-Ordinary-Shareholders-Meeting-46647468/,Star7 S p A : Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com)  STAR7 - Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting    2023 annual report approved and consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 reviewed    Allocation of the profit for the year approved    New Board of Direc…,"Valle San Bartolomeo (Alessandria  Italy)  07 May 2024STAR7 SpA (""STAR7"" or the ""Company"") (EGM: ticker STAR7) held its Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting today in Valle San Bartolomeo (Italy)  at second call  under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Mondo. STAR7 provides an integrated range of product-information services  from product and process engineering support to the creation and management of technical and marketing content  translation  printing and virtual experience.The Shareholders' Meeting approved the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023  which closed with a net profit of €614 175  and resolved to allocate STAR7's net profit for 2023 of €614 175 to the Extraordinary Reserve.The Shareholders' Meeting also reviewed the STAR7 Group's consolidated financial statements for the year 2023  which show Revenues of €104.4 million  up 25.4% from €83.3 million as at 31 December 2022  Group net profit of €1.8 million with an EBITDA Margin recovering in the second half of 2023 compared to the first half. The net financial position was negative at €37.8 million.Lorenzo Mondo  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of STAR7  commented: ""In 2023  STAR7 reached an important milestone in its business development. Thanks to the Integrale7 business model  the company recorded significant results in terms of revenues  mainly through upselling and cross-selling. The integration of LocalEyes and the lease of the CAAR Group business division helped to strengthen STAR7's position in Global Content services and open up opportunities in new regions  such as India. Despite the challenges related to the integration and scalability of the offshoring system in Albania  the Group saw an increase in EBITDA Margin from 13.6% in the first half of 2023 to 14.3% in the second half of the year.""The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of STAR7 resolved:to set the number of members of the Board of Directors at seven (7);to set the term of office of the Board of Directors at three financial years  with the term to expire on the date of the shareholders' meeting called to approve the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2026;to appoint the members of the Board of Directors  which will remain in office until the date of the Shareholders' Meeting called to approve the annual report for the year ended 31/12/2026  with the election of all members forming part of the single list presented jointly by shareholders Dante Srl  which holds 41.6% of STAR7's share capital  and STAR AG  which holds 33.33%.The members of the Board of Directors will be as follows:Lorenzo Mondo Josef Zibung Andrea Farina Maria Luisa Vada Isabella Mondo Paolo Rebaudengo (*)Roberto Manzoni.(*) Candidate possessing the criteria for independence pursuant to art. 148(3) of Legislative Decree 58/98.The Shareholders' Meeting also appointed Lorenzo Mondo as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Profiles of the directors are available at the registered office  as well as on the Company's website www.star-7.com in the ""Company/Corporate Governance"" section.The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of STAR7 resolved to appoint the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors  which will remain in office from 2024 to 2026  with the election of all members forming part of the single list presented jointly by shareholders Dante Srl  which holds 41.6% of STAR7's share capital  and STAR AG  which holds 33.33%.The members of the new Board of Statutory Auditors are therefore as follows:Standing Statutory AuditorsFabio Maria VenegoniAlberto BodiglioVincenzo GambarutoAlternate AuditorsStefano CernuschiRoberto TodiscoFabio Maria Venegoni has been appointed Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors.The respective profiles of the auditors are available at the registered office  as well as on the Company's website www.star-7.com in the ""Company/Corporate Governance"" section.The Shareholders' Meeting resolved to award the mandate for the legal audit of the accounts for the 2024-2026 financial years to auditing firm BDO Italia SpA  in accordance with the offer issued by said company  approving the related fees.Following the STAR7 Shareholders' Meeting  the new Board of Directors of the Company met for the first time and  as per the previous management structure  confirmed Lorenzo Mondo as Chief Executive Officer.The Board of Directors also appointed the Supervisory Board  which is responsible for ensuring that the Model 231 Compliance Programme is correctly implemented  effective and observed within the Company  and that the Programme is updated. Giordano Balossi was appointed Chairman of the Supervisory Board.In compliance with the provisions of art. 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuer Regulation - as last amended on 4 December 2023 - the Board of Directors has set out the quantitative and qualitative criteria relating to the significance of potentially relevant relationships for the purposes of assessing the independence of directors (the ""Criteria ""). These form the basis on which the Board of Directors itself is required to assess relationships that could  or could appear to  compromise the autonomous judgment of directors classed as independent.The Criteria are available to the public on the Company's website at www.star-7.com  in the ""Company/Corporate governance/Corporate documents and procedures"" section.Pursuant to art. 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuer Regulation  the Board of Directors determined at its meeting today that director Paolo Rebaudengo fulfilled the independence requirements (including in relation to the Criteria) based on the declarations made by the individual in question and the information available to the Company.The Minutes of the Shareholders' Meeting and the Summary Voting Report will be made available to the public within the terms of the law at the company's registered office in Valle S. Bartolomeo (Alessandria  Italy)  as well as by publication on the company website www.star-7.com  in the ""Investor Relations/Shareholders' Meetings"" section and on the authorised storage mechanism www.1info.it.For more than 20 years  STAR7 has served its customers as a leader in the product information sector. Support for product and process engineering  creating and managing technical content  as well as marketing  translation  printing and virtual experience: STAR7's range of services means it can assist its customers throughout the product life-cycle - from design to aftersales.STAR7's hallmark has always been an approach combining specific know-how  technology and vision to offer the best possible solutions to the needs of customers and the global market. This approach has seen STAR7 strike major partnerships with leading international companies  establishing it as a reliable and credible global partner.STAR7 is part of the STAR Group network.www.star-7.comFOR MORE INFORMATION:INVESTOR RELATIONSinvestorrelations@star-7.comPierluigi Valletta  CFO and Investor Relations ManagerMob: +39 342 860 6566E-mail: pierluigi.valletta@star-7.comBlue Arrow - IR AdvisorMaria Grazia MantiniMob: +41 78 723 6840E-mail: mariagrazia.mantini@bluearrow.chMEDIA RELATIONSmediarelations@star-7.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.22,0.76,True,English,"[""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Star7 S', 'Euronext Growth Milan Issuer Regulation', 'CAAR Group business division', ""The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Valle San Bartolomeo', 'process engineering support', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Integrale7 business model', 'three financial years', 'Maria Luisa Vada', 'Fabio Maria Venegoni', '2024-2026 financial years', 'BDO Italia SpA', 'Global Content services', 'previous management structure', 'shareholders Dante Srl', 'net financial position', 'Standing Statutory Auditors', ""STAR7 Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Model 231 Compliance Programme', 'business development', 'product-information services', 'marketing content', 'net profit', 'second call', 'Lorenzo Mondo', 'integrated range', 'virtual experience', 'annual report', 'Extraordinary Reserve', 'EBITDA Margin', 'second half', 'first half', 'important milestone', 'significant results', 'new regions', 'offshoring system', 'single list', 'share capital', 'Josef Zibung', 'Andrea Farina', 'Isabella Mondo', 'Paolo Rebaudengo', 'Roberto Manzoni', 'Legislative Decree', 'Company/Corporate Governance', 'Alberto Bodiglio', 'Vincenzo Gambaruto', 'Alternate Auditors', 'Stefano Cernuschi', 'Roberto Todisco', 'legal audit', 'related fees', 'first time', 'Giordano Balossi', 'relevant relationships', 'STAR7 SpA', 'ticker STAR', 'STAR AG', 'respective profiles', 'registered office', 'STAR7 Group', 'qualitative criteria', 'new Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Alessandria', 'Italy', '07 May', 'EGM', 'chairmanship', 'creation', 'technical', 'translation', 'printing', 'Revenues', '31 December', 'terms', 'upselling', 'cross', 'integration', 'LocalEyes', 'lease', 'opportunities', 'India', 'challenges', 'scalability', 'Albania', 'increase', 'number', 'members', 'Directors', 'election', 'part', 'Candidate', 'independence', 'art.', 'website', 'section', 'mandate', 'accounts', 'firm', 'accordance', 'offer', 'provisions', '4 December', 'quantitative', 'significance', 'purposes', 'basis']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40529,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/W-P-CAREY-INC-11613132/news/W-P-Carey-Inc-Announces-Pricing-of-650-Million-of-Senior-Unsecured-Notes-46653825/,W. P. Carey Inc. Announces Pricing of 650 Million of Senior Unsecured Notes,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  May 7  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- W. P. Carey Inc. announced today that it has priced an underwritten public offering of €650 million aggregate principal amount of 4.250% Senior Notes due 2032 . The Notes were offered at 99.526% of …,"NEW YORK  May 7  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- W. P. Carey Inc. (NYSE: WPC  the ""Company"") announced today that it has priced an underwritten public offering of €650 million aggregate principal amount of 4.250% Senior Notes due 2032 (the ""Notes""). The Notes were offered at 99.526% of the principal amount. Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc  trading as Euronext Dublin  and traded on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin; any listing is subject to approval by Euronext Dublin.Interest on the Notes will be paid annually on July 23 of each year  beginning on July 23  2024. The offering of the Notes is expected to settle on May 16  2024  subject to customary closing conditions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes and to repay indebtedness  including amounts outstanding under its $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility and its 2.25% Senior Notes due July 2024.Merrill Lynch International  Barclays Bank PLC  RBC Europe Limited  and Wells Fargo Securities International Limited acted as joint book-running managers for the Notes offering.A registration statement relating to the Notes has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") and has become effective under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). The offering is being made by means of a prospectus supplement and prospectus. Before making an investment in the Notes  potential investors should read the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus for more complete information about the Company and the offering. Potential investors may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively  potential investors may obtain copies  when available  by contacting: Merrill Lynch International  toll-free at 1-800-294-1322  Barclays Bank PLC  toll-free at +1-866-603-5847  RBC Europe Limited at +44(0)2070297031  and Wells Fargo Securities International Limited  at +44-20-3942-8537.This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of the Notes in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Any offer or sale of the Notes will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement relating to the offering and the accompanying prospectus.This press release is only being communicated (i) to persons who are outside the United Kingdom  (ii) in the United Kingdom  to persons who are qualified investors  being persons falling within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  and who are also persons falling within Article 19(5) (""Investment professional"") or Article 49(2) (a) to (d) (""high net worth companies  unincorporated associations etc."") of The Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended) or (iii) to persons to whom this press release may otherwise be lawfully communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). This press release is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this press release relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.W. P. Carey Inc.W. P. Carey Inc. is an internally-managed diversified REIT and a leading owner of commercial real estate  net leased to companies located primarily in the United States and Northern and Western Europe on a long-term basis. The vast majority of the Company's revenues originate from lease revenue provided by its real estate portfolio  which is comprised primarily of single-tenant industrial  warehouse and retail facilities that are critical to its tenants' operations and represent the large majority of the Company's recent investments.Forward-Looking StatementsCertain of the matters discussed in this communication constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended)  both as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements regarding: expectations of the Company surrounding the impact of the broader macroeconomic environment and the ability of the Company's tenants to pay rent; the Company's financial condition  liquidity  creditworthiness  results of operations  funds from operations  adjusted funds from operations and prospects; the Company's future capital expenditure and leverage levels  debt service obligations  and plans to fund the Company's liquidity needs; prospective statements regarding the Company's access to the capital markets  including its ""at-the-market"" program; statements that the Company makes regarding its ability to remain qualified for taxation as a real estate investment trust; the Company's potential reorganization into an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust and its impact; and the impact of recently issued accounting pronouncements and other regulatory activity. Forward looking statements are generally identified by the use of words such as ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""would "" ""will be "" ""will continue "" ""will likely result "" ""believe "" ""project "" ""expect "" ""anticipate "" ""intend "" ""estimate"" ""opportunities "" ""possibility "" ""strategy ""  ""plan "" ""maintain"" or the negative version of these words and other comparable terms. These forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  statements that are not historical facts.These statements are based on the current expectations of the Company's management  and it is important to note that the Company's actual results could be materially different from those projected in such forward-looking statements. There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable risks or uncertainties  like the risks related to fluctuating interest rates  the impact of inflation on the Company and its tenants  the effects of pandemics and global outbreaks of contagious diseases and domestic or geopolitical crises  such as terrorism  military conflict  war or the perception that hostilities may be imminent  political instability or civil unrest  or other conflict  could also have material adverse effects on the Company's business  financial condition  liquidity  results of operations  and prospects. You should exercise caution in relying on forward-looking statements as they involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that may materially affect the Company's future results  performance  achievements  or transactions. Information on factors that could impact actual results and cause them to differ from what is anticipated in the forward-looking statements contained herein is included in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31  2024  as filed with the SEC on May 1  2024  as well as in the Company's other filings with the SEC  including but not limited to those described in Part I  Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31  2023  as filed with the SEC on February 9  2024. Moreover  because the Company operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment  new risks are likely to emerge from time to time. Given these risks and uncertainties  potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as a prediction of future results  which speak only as of the date of this communication  unless noted otherwise. Except as required by federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC  the Company does not undertake to revise or update any forward-looking statements.Institutional Investors:Peter SandsW. P. Carey Inc.212-492-1110institutionalir@wpcarey.comPress Contact:Anna McGrathW. P. Carey Inc.212-492-1166amcgrath@wpcarey.comView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/w-p-carey-inc-announces-pricing-of-650-million-of-senior-unsecured-notes-302138739.htmlSOURCE W. P. Carey Inc.",neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['W. P. Carey Inc.', 'Senior Unsecured Notes', 'Pricing', '$2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility', 'Wells Fargo Securities International Limited', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'W. P. Carey Inc.', 'Irish Stock Exchange plc', '€650 million aggregate principal amount', 'high net worth companies', 'Merrill Lynch International', 'RBC Europe Limited', 'Barclays Bank PLC', 'customary closing conditions', 'general corporate purposes', 'joint book-running managers', 'commercial real estate', 'real estate portfolio', 'broader macroeconomic environment', 'debt service obligations', 'future capital expenditure', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'Global Exchange Market', 'The Financial Services', 'underwritten public offering', 'Securities Act', 'net proceeds', 'Exchange Commission', 'securities laws', 'Western Europe', 'capital markets', 'Markets Act', 'Financial Promotion', 'financial condition', 'NEW YORK', 'Official List', 'Euronext Dublin', 'potential investors', 'complete information', 'press release', 'United Kingdom', 'qualified investors', 'domestic law', 'European Union', 'unincorporated associations', 'diversified REIT', 'leading owner', 'United States', 'long-term basis', 'vast majority', 'lease revenue', 'retail facilities', 'large majority', 'recent investments', 'other things', 'leverage levels', 'prospectus supplement', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'The Notes', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'prospective statements', 'registration statement', 'liquidity needs', 'The Company', 'relevant persons', '4.250% Senior Notes', '2.25% Senior Notes', 'sec.gov', 'investment activity', 'Notes offering', ""tenants' operations"", 'PRNewswire', 'NYSE', 'WPC', 'Application', 'listing', 'approval', 'Interest', 'July', 'year', 'May', 'indebtedness', 'amounts', 'means', 'documents', 'EDGAR', 'website', 'copies', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'qualification', 'meaning', 'Article', 'part', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'Order', 'Northern', 'revenues', 'warehouse', 'matters', 'communication', 'expectations', 'impact', 'ability', 'rent', 'creditworthiness', 'results', 'funds', 'prospects', 'plans', 'access', 'program', '99.']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40530,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REXEL-47601/news/Rexel-announces-the-acquisition-of-Talley-46643653/,Rexel announces the acquisition of Talley,(marketscreener.com) Rexel announces the acquisition of Talley  reinforcing its U.S. data communications offer Rexel has reached an agreement to acquire Talley  a leading distributor of wireless infrastructure products and solutions in the United States  stro…,Rexel announces the acquisition of Talley reinforcing its U.S. data communications offerRexel has reached an agreement to acquire Talley  a leading distributor of wireless infrastructure products and solutions in the United States  strongly reinforcing its exposure to the fast-growing data usage trends.Talley provides network infrastructure products to mobile network operators  network installers  infrastructure operators and end-users across the US. Established in 1983 by the Talley family and headquartered in Los Angeles  Talley will generate turnover of c. $360m in 2024 and operates with the support of 11 warehouses and 300+ employees.This acquisition complements Rexel’s $700m sales in the datacom and datacenter spaces in North America. It enhances the group’s offer with both connected and electrified solutions to further benefit from the electrification trend of wireless connectivity and digitalization. It also provides access to high-growth verticals including in-building wireless  private LTE or enterprise networks as well as ongoing network coverage densification and future upgrades.Talley’s combination with Rexel opens multiple opportunities for further development as well as efficiency improvement  to the benefit of Talley and Rexel’s customers. The transaction is projected to be accretive to Rexel’s earnings per share in year 1  value-creating in year 2 and to represent a fully synergized multiple of ~7x EBITDA.The completion of this transaction remains subject to US antitrust approval and customary closing conditions and is expected to close in June.Guillaume Texier  CEO of Rexel  said: “The acquisition of Talley is an important step to continue to strengthen our presence in the US. Electrical solutions and datacom solutions are increasingly interconnected  and Talley’s acquisition will represent a step change  giving us access to expertise  solutions  suppliers and customers in the datacom space. This new transaction is fully in line with our strategy of reinforcing our exposure to faster growing trends and verticals and increasing our weight in North American markets. Talley has an excellent reputation and market recognition for its value-added services  and shares Rexel’s customer-centric values. We are very excited about the opportunities created by the association of the two companies and look forward to working with Talley’s talented teams and management to continue driving profitable growth.”Mark Talley  CEO of Talley  commented  “We are excited to join Rexel  a leader in the electrical distribution industry. Maintaining the Talley brand and culture  alongside and as part of the Rexel brand and culture  will create strategic value for our customers  suppliers  communities  and stakeholders. Our combined strengths  offering best-in-class products  services  and solutions  will help our customers and suppliers grow and be successful.”ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 950 branches in 19 countries  with more than 26 500 employees. The Group’s sales were €19.2 billion in 2023.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: MSCI World  CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS / INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSBrunswick: Thomas KAMM +33 1 53 96 83 92 tkamm@brunswickgroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Rexel', 'acquisition', 'Talley', 'S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe', 'STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders', 'U.S. data communications offer', 'fast-growing data usage trends', 'ongoing network coverage densification', 'faster growing trends', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'customary closing conditions', 'multichannel professional distribution', 'three main markets', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'North American markets', 'electrical distribution industry', 'mobile network operators', 'following SRI indices', 'US antitrust approval', 'network infrastructure products', 'wireless infrastructure products', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'infrastructure operators', 'following indices', 'network installers', 'Euronext Paris', 'wireless connectivity', 'building wireless', 'leading distributor', 'United States', 'Los Angeles', 'datacenter spaces', 'electrification trend', 'private LTE', 'enterprise networks', 'future upgrades', 'efficiency improvement', 'synergized multiple', '~7x EBITDA', 'Guillaume Texier', 'important step', 'Electrical solutions', 'step change', 'excellent reputation', 'customer-centric values', 'two companies', 'talented teams', 'profitable growth', 'strategic value', 'class products', 'worldwide expert', 'energy world', 'scalable range', 'Eurolist market', 'compartment A', 'ticker RXL', 'ISIN code', 'MSCI World', 'CAC Next', 'CAC Large', 'CAC SBT', 'CAC AllTrade', 'CAC AllShares', 'FTSE EuroMid', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS', 'Thomas KAMM', 'The Group', 'datacom space', '300+ employees', '$700m sales', 'electrified solutions', 'high-growth verticals', 'multiple opportunities', 'market recognition', 'energy management', 'new transaction', 'value-added services', 'Talley family', 'Mark Talley', 'Talley brand', 'datacom solutions', 'Rexel brand', 'Ludovic DEBAILLEUX', 'REXEL GROUP', 'industrial customers', '26,500 employees', 'acquisition', 'agreement', 'exposure', 'end-users', 'turnover', 'support', '11 warehouses', 'connected', 'digitalization', 'access', 'combination', 'development', 'benefit', 'earnings', 'completion', 'June', 'CEO', 'presence', 'expertise', 'suppliers', 'line', 'strategy', 'weight', 'association', 'culture', 'communities', 'stakeholders', 'strengths', 'residential', 'commercial', 'tailored', 'construction', 'renovation', 'production', 'maintenance', '1,950 branches', '19 countries', 'SBF', 'NR', 'STOXX600', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'performance', 'terms', 'CSR', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'INVESTORS', 'PRESS', 'Brunswick', 'tkamm', 'Attachment', '120', '53']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40531,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CASINO-GUICHARD-PERRACHON-4627/news/Groupe-Casino-FRH-and-Casino-request-exemption-extension-under-Dutch-Financial-Supervision-Act-46643651/,Groupe Casino: FRH and Casino request exemption/extension under Dutch Financial Supervision Act,(marketscreener.com) FRH and Casino request exemption/extension under Dutch Financial Supervision Act Paris  7 May 2024 Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. hereby informs as follows: also on behalf of France Retail Holdings S.à r.l.   it is hereby announced that F…,"FRH and Casino request exemption/extension under Dutch Financial Supervision ActParis  7 May 2024Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. (“Casino”; Euronext Paris: CO; ISIN: FR0000125585) hereby informs as follows: also on behalf of France Retail Holdings S.à r.l. (an entity ultimately controlled by Mr. Daniel Křetínský) (“FRH”)  it is hereby announced that FRH and Casino have today jointly submitted a petition to the Enterprise Chamber of the Amsterdam Court of Appeal  the Netherlands  (""Enterprise Chamber"") pursuant to Article 5:72(3) and/or Article 5:71(1) of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht  ""FMSA"") for an exemption of the obligation to make a mandatory tender offer as referred to in Article 5:70 FMSA. If the exemption is granted  Casino will within three months initiate a buy-out procedure (uitkoopprocedure) in accordance with Article 2:92a of the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek) in which the Enterprise Chamber will determine the price to be paid for shares of minority shareholders of Cnova N.V.  whereby Casino will claim a buy-out price similar to the price that would be paid in a mandatory tender offer. Today's petition also includes a request for a further extension of the period provided in Article 5:72(1) FMSA. The Enterprise Chamber previously extended this period by thirty days in its judgment of 25 April 2024. Reference is also made to the announcement on 28 March 2024 of FRH's acquisition of predominant control over Cnova N.V. resulting from the completion of Casino's financial restructuring and to the press releases of 19 and 29 April 2024 published by Casino on behalf of FRH in this respect.***This communication is for informational purposes only under the current applicable laws and regulations  and is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein  nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.ANALYSTS AND INVESTORS CONTACTSChristopher WELTON - cwelton.exterieur@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 64 17orIR_Casino@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 24 17PRESS CONTACTSGroupe Casino CommunicationsStéphanie ABADIE - sabadie@groupe-casino.fr – Tel: +33 (0)6 26 27 37 05ordirectiondelacommunication@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: + 33(0)1 53 65 24 78Agence IMAGE 7Karine Allouis - kallouis@image7.fr - Tel: +33 (0)6 11 59 23 26Laurent Poinsot - lpoinsot@image7.fr - Tel: + 33(0)6 80 11 73 52Franck Pasquier - fpasquier@image7.fr - Tel: + 33(0)6 73 62 57 99Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,negative,0.02,0.32,0.66,True,English,"['Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Groupe Casino', 'FRH', 'exemption/extension', 'Mr. Daniel Křetínský', 'France Retail Holdings S.à r', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'Dutch Civil Code', 'Wet op het', 'Cnova N.V.', 'Stéphanie ABADIE', 'current applicable laws', 'mandatory tender offer', 'The Enterprise Chamber', 'Groupe Casino Communications', 'financial restructuring', 'Amsterdam Court', 'financieel toezicht', 'three months', 'buy-out procedure', 'Burgerlijk Wetboek', 'minority shareholders', 'thirty days', 'predominant control', 'press releases', 'informational purposes', 'INVESTORS CONTACTS', 'Christopher WELTON', 'PRESS CONTACTS', 'Karine Allouis', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'Franck Pasquier', 'securities laws', 'Euronext Paris', 'out price', 'Agence IMAGE 7', 'FRH', 'exemption', 'extension', '7 May', 'ISIN', 'behalf', 'entity', 'petition', 'Appeal', 'Netherlands', 'Article', 'FMSA', 'obligation', 'uitkoopprocedure', 'accordance', '92a', 'shares', 'request', 'period', 'judgment', '25 April', 'Reference', 'announcement', '28 March', 'acquisition', 'completion', '29 April', 'respect', 'regulations', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'qualification', 'ANALYSTS', 'cwelton', 'Tel', 'IR_Casino', 'sabadie', 'groupe-casino', 'directiondelacommunication', 'kallouis', 'lpoinsot', 'fpasquier', 'Attachment', '19', '33', '6']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40532,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/07/summit-global-investments-purchases-shares-of-1680-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Summit Global Investments Purchases Shares of 1 680 Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Summit Global Investments purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm purchased 1 680 shares of the company’s…,Summit Global Investments purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm purchased 1 680 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $265 000.Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of RSP. Howe & Rusling Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter valued at about $26 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 3rd quarter worth approximately $38 000. GAMMA Investing LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 4th quarter valued at $38 000. SOA Wealth Advisors LLC. grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 51.5% during the 4th quarter. SOA Wealth Advisors LLC. now owns 303 shares of the company’s stock valued at $48 000 after purchasing an additional 103 shares during the last quarter. Finally  CVA Family Office LLC purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 4th quarter worth $76 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Up 0.8 %NYSEARCA RSP opened at $164.04 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day simple moving average of $164.30 and a two-hundred day simple moving average of $156.13. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12-month low of $133.34 and a 12-month high of $169.80. The firm has a market cap of $54.94 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['1,680 Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Summit Global Investments Purchases', 'Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', '50-day simple moving average', 'SOA Wealth Advisors LLC', 'CVA Family Office LLC', 'Several other hedge funds', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'GAMMA Investing LLC', 'other institutional investors', 'Summit Global Investments', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Free Report', 'Rusling Inc.', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'new stake', 'fourth quarter', 'recent filing', 'new position', '4th quarter', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'financial companies', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'NYSEARCA RSP', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 103 shares', '1,680 shares', '303 shares', 'company', 'SEC', 'firm', 'holdings', 'Howe', 'Tuesday', 'price', 'beta', 'transportation', 'Reading']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,etfdailynews.com
40533,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GETLINK-SE-54576/news/Getlink-Shuttle-Traffic-in-April-2024-46643674/,Getlink: Shuttle Traffic in April 2024,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Getlink SE :  April 24April 23ChangeJan-April 2024Jan-April 2023ChangeTruck ShuttlesTrucks101 25098 7373%403 0514…,"Regulatory News:Getlink SE (Paris:GET):April 24 April 23 Change Jan-April 2024 Jan-April 2023 Change Truck Shuttles Trucks 101 250 98 737 3% 403 051 420 641 -4% Passenger Shuttles Passenger cars* 173 058 214 973 -19% 554 377 602 110 -8% * Including cars  motorcycles  vehicles with trailers  caravans  camper vans and coaches.In April 2024  LeShuttle Freight carried 101 250 trucks  up 3% compared to April 2023. Since 1 January  more than 400 000 trucks have crossed the Channel on board the Shuttles.LeShuttle carried 173 058 passenger vehicles in April  down 19% compared to April 2023  due to the Easter weekend occurring in March 2024. Over 550 000 passenger vehicles have been transported since 1 January.The May traffic figures will be published on Tuesday 11 June 2024  before the market opens.***************************About GetlinkGetlink SE (Euronext Paris: GET)  through its subsidiary Eurotunnel  is the concession holder until 2086 for the Channel Tunnel infrastructure and operates Truck Shuttles and Passenger Shuttles (cars and coaches) between Folkestone (UK) and Calais (France). Since 31 December 2020 Eurotunnel has been developing the smart border to ensure that the Tunnel remains the fastest  most reliable  easiest and most environmentally friendly way to cross the Channel. Since it opened in 1994  close to 500 million people and more than 102 million vehicles have travelled through the Channel Tunnel. This unique land link  which carries a quarter of trade between the Continent and the United Kingdom  has become a vital link  reinforced by the ElecLink electricity interconnector installed in the Tunnel  which helps to balance energy needs between France and the United Kingdom. Getlink completes its sustainable mobility services with its rail freight subsidiary Europorte. Committed to ""low-carbon"" services that control their impact on the environment (through its activities  the Group avoids the equivalent of 1.9 million tonnes of CO 2 per year)  Getlink has made the place of people  nature and territories a central concern.https://www.getlinkgroup.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240506238980/en/",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Shuttle Traffic', 'Getlink', 'April', 'The May traffic figures', 'Passenger Shuttles Passenger cars', 'Change Truck Shuttles Trucks', 'environmentally friendly way', 'ElecLink electricity interconnector', 'unique land link', 'sustainable mobility services', 'rail freight subsidiary', 'Channel Tunnel infrastructure', '173,058 passenger vehicles', '550,000 passenger vehicles', 'vital link', 'low-carbon"" services', 'camper vans', 'LeShuttle Freight', 'Easter weekend', 'Tuesday 11 June', 'subsidiary Eurotunnel', 'concession holder', 'smart border', 'reliable, easiest', 'United Kingdom', 'energy needs', '1.9 million tonnes', 'central concern', 'source version', '102 million vehicles', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', '500 million people', 'Getlink SE', '101,250 trucks', '400,000 trucks', 'April', 'motorcycles', 'trailers', 'caravans', 'coaches', '1 January', 'board', 'March', 'Over', 'market', 'Folkestone', 'UK', 'Calais', 'France', '31 December', 'quarter', 'trade', 'Continent', 'Europorte', 'impact', 'activities', 'Group', 'equivalent', 'year', 'place', 'nature', 'territories', 'businesswire']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40534,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPAGNIE-DU-BOIS-SAUVAGE-5938/news/Cie-du-Bois-Sauvage-Buy-back-of-own-shares-week-from-29-04-2024-to-03-05-2024-46645296/,Cie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares – week from 29/04/2024 to 03/05/2024,(marketscreener.com)      PRESS RELEASE     Brussels  07 May 2024  08:30 AM       Regulated information         ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPAGNIE-DU-BOIS-SAUVAGE-5938/news/Cie-du-Bois-Sauvage-Buy-back-of-own-sha…,PRESS RELEASE Brussels  07 May 2024  08:30 AM Regulated informationwww.bois-sauvage.beCie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares - week from 29/04/2024 to03/05/2024.Implementation of authorization of the extraordinary general meeting of April 28  2021Disclosure of trading in own shares from 29/04/2024 to 03/05/2024:Date of Number of shares Average price (€) Highest price (€) Lowest price (€) Total gross transaction purchased amount (€) 29/04/2024 215 258 0000 258 0000 258 0000 55.470 00 30/04/2024 202 259 5248 262 0000 259 0000 52.424 00 01/05/2024 02/05/2024 197 254 4924 255 0000 254 0000 50.135 00 03/05/2024 200 263 7900 264 0000 255 0000 52.758 00 Total 814 258 9521 210.787 00Pursuant to Article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019  implementing the Code on companies and associations  Compagnie du Bois Sauvage announces having dealt the following share buy-back transactions on the regulated NYSE Euronext Market Brussels. On 03/05/2024  the number of shares bought back since October 2  2023 amounted to 20 772 (1 3 % of the total number of shares) for a total amount of € 5 412 012 00. The history of the realized transactions is available on www.bois-sauvage.be (in the French or Dutch section «Informations financières» - «Rachat d'actions propres»).,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Cie du Bois Sauvage', 'shares', 'week', '29/04', '03/05', 'following share buy-back transactions', 'NYSE Euronext Market Brussels', 'Cie du Bois Sauvage', 'Compagnie du Bois Sauvage', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Informations financières', 'Total gross transaction', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated information', 'Average price', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Royal Decree', 'Dutch section', 'total amount', 'total number', '07 May', 'shares', 'week', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Disclosure', 'trading', '29/04', '03/05', 'Date', 'Article', 'Code', 'companies', 'associations', 'October', 'history', 'www', 'French', 'Rachat', '08:30']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40535,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAFILO-GROUP-S-P-A-165621/news/Safilo-S-p-A-Publication-of-the-new-Articles-of-Association-46651516/,Safilo S p A : Publication of the new Articles of Association,(marketscreener.com)    Press Release     Publication of the new Articles of Association   Padua  May 07  2024 - Safilo Group S.p.A informs that today the new Articles of Association have been made available at the Company's registered office  at t…,Publication of the new Articles of AssociationPadua  May 07  2024 - Safilo Group S.p.A informs that today the new Articles of Association have been made available at the Company's registered office  at the central storage of regulated information 1INFO as well as on the Company's website at the internet address https://www.safilogroup.com/en/governance/system/articles-association.About Safilo GroupSafilo is a global player in the eyewear industry that has been creating  producing  and distributing for over 90 years sunglasses  prescription frames  outdoor eyewear  goggles and helmets. Thanks to a data-driven approach  Safilo goes beyond the traditional boundaries of the eyewear industry: in just one company it brings together Italian design  stylistic  technical and industrial innovation  and state-of-the-art digital platforms  developed in its digital hubs in Padua and Portland  and made available to Opticians and Clients for an unmatched customer experience. Guided by its purpose  See the world at its best  Safilo is leading its Group legacy  founded on innovation and responsibility  onwards towards the future.With an extensive global presence  Safilo's business model enables it to monitor its entire production and distribution chain. From research and development in five prestigious design studios  located in Padua  Milan  New York  Hong Kong and Portland  to its company-owned production facilities and network of qualified manufacturing partners  Safilo Group ensures that every product offers the perfect fit and meets high quality standards. Reaching approximately 100 000 selected points of sale worldwide with an extensive wholly owned network of subsidiaries in 40 countries and more than 50 partners in 70 countries  Safilo's well-established traditional wholesale distribution model  which encompasses eyecare retailers  chains  department stores  specialized retailers  boutiques  duty free shops and sporting goods stores  is complemented by Direct-to-Consumer and Internet pure player sales platforms  in line with the Group's development strategies.Safilo Group's portfolio encompasses home brands: Carrera  Polaroid  Smith  Blenders  Privé Revaux and Seventh Street. Licensedbrands include: Banana Republic  BOSS  Carolina Herrera  Dsquared2  Etro  Eyewear by David Beckham  Fossil  havaianas  HUGO  Isabel Marant  Juicy Couture  Kate Spade New York  Levi's  Liz Claiborne  Love Moschino  Marc Jacobs  Missoni  M Missoni  Moschino  Pierre Cardin  PORTS  rag&bone  Stuart Weitzman  Tommy Hilfiger  Tommy Jeans and Under Armour.The parent company  Safilo Group S.p.A.  is listed on the Euronext Milan organized and managed by Borsa Italiana (ISIN code IT0004604762  Bloomberg SFL.IM  Reuters SFLG.MI). In 2023  Safilo Group recorded net revenues for Euro 1 024.7 million.,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Safilo S', 'new Articles', 'Publication', 'Association', 'Internet pure player sales platforms', 'Safilo Group S.p.A', 'five prestigious design studios', 'traditional wholesale distribution model', 'art digital platforms', 'unmatched customer experience', 'high quality standards', 'duty free shops', 'company-owned production facilities', 'sporting goods stores', 'qualified manufacturing partners', 'extensive global presence', 'global player', 'internet address', 'traditional boundaries', 'Italian design', 'business model', 'distribution chain', 'Group legacy', 'digital hubs', 'entire production', 'department stores', 'new Articles', 'registered office', 'central storage', 'regulated information', 'prescription frames', 'data-driven approach', 'stylistic, technical', 'New York', 'Hong Kong', 'perfect fit', '100,000 selected points', 'eyecare retailers', 'specialized retailers', 'Privé Revaux', 'Seventh Street', 'Banana Republic', 'Carolina Herrera', 'David Beckham', 'Isabel Marant', 'Juicy Couture', 'Kate Spade', 'Liz Claiborne', 'Marc Jacobs', 'Pierre Cardin', 'rag&bone', 'Stuart Weitzman', 'Tommy Hilfiger', 'Tommy Jeans', 'Borsa Italiana', 'ISIN code', 'Bloomberg SFL', 'Reuters SFLG', 'net revenues', 'eyewear industry', 'outdoor eyewear', 'one company', 'industrial innovation', 'development strategies', 'home brands', 'Love Moschino', 'M Missoni', 'parent company', 'Euronext Milan', '50 partners', 'Publication', 'Association', 'Padua', '1INFO', 'website', 'safilogroup', 'governance', '90 years', 'sunglasses', 'goggles', 'helmets', 'state', 'Portland', 'Opticians', 'Clients', 'purpose', 'world', 'responsibility', 'future', 'research', 'network', 'subsidiaries', '40 countries', '70 countries', 'chains', 'boutiques', 'Consumer', 'line', 'portfolio', 'Carrera', 'Polaroid', 'Smith', 'Blenders', 'BOSS', 'Etro', 'Fossil', 'havaianas', 'HUGO', 'Levi', 'PORTS', 'Under', 'Armour', 'IM']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40536,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS-S-A-29750724/news/GenSight-Biologics-Annual-General-Meeting-on-May-29-2024-46652243/,GenSight Biologics: Annual General Meeting on May 29  2024,(marketscreener.com) Procedures for obtaining preparatory documents for the General Meetinghttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS-S-A-29750724/news/GenSight-Biologics-Annual-General-Meeting-on-May-29-2024-46652243/?utm_medium=RSS&utm…,Procedures for obtaining preparatory documents for the General MeetingRegulatory News:GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible)  a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  announced that it will hold its Annual General Meeting on May 29  2024  at 9:00 am CEST at the Company’s headquarters  74 rue du Faubourg Saint-Antoine  75012 Paris  France.The General Meeting will also be webcast live for shareholders on the Company’s website (www.gensight-biologics.com).The notice containing the agenda and draft resolutions was published in the French BALO on April 24  2024. The notice confirming the time and place of the meeting will be published in the French BALO and in a legal gazette on May 13  2024.The preparatory documents for the General Meeting listed in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code are posted on the Company’s website (www.gensight-biologics.com) in the Investors  Documentation section.The preparatory documents for the General Meeting will also be made available to shareholders as of the convening of the meeting.It is specified that the full text of the documents intended to be presented to the Meeting  in accordance in particular with Articles L. 225-115 and R. 225-83 of the Commercial Code  are made available at the Company’s headquarters.From the date of the convocation and until the fifth day inclusive before the meeting  any shareholder may ask the Company to send him the documents and information mentioned in Articles R. 225-81 and R. 225-83 of the Commercial Code  preferably by email to the following address: ir@gensight-biologics.com. Bearer shareholders must justify this status by sending an account registration certificate.About GenSight BiologicsGenSight Biologics S.A. is a clinical-stage biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders. GenSight Biologics’ pipeline leverages two core technology platforms  the Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence (MTS) and optogenetics  to help preserve or restore vision in patients suffering from blinding retinal diseases. GenSight Biologics’ lead product candidate  LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)  is an investigational compound and has not been registered in any country at this stage  developed for the treatment of Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)  a rare mitochondrial disease affecting primarily teens and young adults that leads to irreversible blindness. Using its gene therapy-based approach  GenSight Biologics’ product candidates are designed to be administered in a single treatment to each eye by intravitreal injection to offer patients a sustainable functional visual recovery.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240506919321/en/,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'GenSight Biologics', 'May', 'GenSight Biologics’ lead product candidate', 'central nervous system disorders', '74 rue du Faubourg Saint-Antoine', 'two core technology platforms', 'Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy', 'sustainable functional visual recovery', 'GenSight Biologics’ product candidates', 'GenSight Biologics S.A.', 'innovative gene therapies', 'account registration certificate', 'Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence', 'rare mitochondrial disease', 'gene therapy-based approach', 'GenSight Biologics’ pipeline', 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'French Commercial Code', 'clinical-stage biopharma company', 'retinal diseases', 'French BALO', 'draft resolutions', 'legal gazette', 'Documentation section', 'full text', 'fifth day', 'following address', 'lenadogene nolparvovec', 'investigational compound', 'young adults', 'irreversible blindness', 'intravitreal injection', 'source version', 'preparatory documents', 'Regulatory News', 'Articles L.', 'single treatment', 'Article R.', 'Bearer shareholders', 'Procedures', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'commercializing', 'May', 'headquarters', '75012 Paris', 'France', 'webcast', 'website', 'notice', 'agenda', 'April', 'time', 'place', 'Investors', 'convening', 'accordance', 'convocation', 'information', 'email', 'status', 'MTS', 'optogenetics', 'vision', 'patients', 'LUMEVOQ®', 'country', 'LHON', 'teens', 'eye', 'businesswire', '9:00']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40537,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2877094/0/en/Michelin-Groupe-Michelin-completes-a-1-Billion-Bond-Issuance.html,Michelin: Groupe Michelin completes a €1 Billion Bond Issuance,Clermont-Ferrand  May 7th 2024  COMPAGNIE GÉNÉRALE DES ÉTABLISSEMENTS MICHELIN  GROUPE MICHELIN COMPLETES A €1 BILLION BOND ISSUANCE Amount......,Clermont-Ferrand  May 7th 2024COMPAGNIE GÉNÉRALE DES ÉTABLISSEMENTS MICHELINGROUPE MICHELIN COMPLETES A €1 BILLION BOND ISSUANCEAmount (EUR) Maturity Settlement-delivery Coupon Yield Re-offer spread 500 000 000 16 May 2031 16 May 2024 3.125% 3.216% 49 bps 500 000 000 16 May 2036 16 May 2024 3.375% 3.386% 67 bpsCompagnie Générale des Etablissements Michelin (the “Company”)  the long-term senior debt of which is rated A- (stable outlook) by Standard & Poor’s and A- (stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings  has today set the terms of its Euro-denominated bond issue for an aggregate amount of €1 billion across 7-Year and 12-Year tranches.The favorable market conditions and the positive reception from investors to the issuance allowed the Company to price the issuance at a coupon of 3.125% on the 7-Year tranche and 3.375% on the 12-Year tranche.The net proceeds of this issuance will be used for general corporate purposes of the group.Placement was made across qualified investors.An application will be made for the bonds to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.The bonds are expected to be rated A- by Standard & Poor’s and A- by Fitch Ratings.Société Générale was acting as global coordinator and joint bookrunner of this bond issue  accompanied by Crédit Agricole CIB  BNP Paribas  Citigroup  Deutsche Bank  HSBC  MUFG  BofA Securities  CIC Market Solutions as joint bookrunners.This bond issuance was implemented under the EMTN Program of Group Michelin which was established in December 2023 with the French Autorité des marchés financiers.Investor Relationsinvestor-relations@michelin.comGuillaume Jullienneguillaume.jullienne@michelin.comFlavien Huetflavien.huet@michelin.comBenjamin Marcusbenjamin.marcus@michelin.comMedia Relations+33 (0) 1 45 66 22 22groupe-michelin.service.de.presse@michelin.comIndividual shareholders+33 (0) 4 73 32 23 05Muriel Floc'hlaymuriel.floc-hlay@michelin.comElisabete Antuneselisabete.antunes@michelin.comDISCLAIMERThe distribution of this press release in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons who come into possession of this press release are required to inquire about  and comply with  potential local restrictions. This press release does not constitute an offer  or an invitation to apply for  or an offer or invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities either in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they are registered or exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended. Michelin does not intend to register the offer detailed in the press release  in whole or in part  in the United States  and nor does it intend to carry out any public offer in the United States.Attachment,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,positive,0.95,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['€1 Billion Bond Issuance', 'Groupe Michelin', 'Compagnie Générale des Etablissements Michelin', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Maturity Settlement-delivery Coupon Yield Re-offer spread', 'Société Générale', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', ""Muriel Floc'hlay muriel"", 'U.S. Securities Act', 'long-term senior debt', 'favorable market conditions', 'general corporate purposes', 'CIC Market Solutions', 'potential local restrictions', 'Euro-denominated bond issue', 'Guillaume Jullienne guillaume', 'Flavien Huet flavien', '€1 BILLION BOND ISSUANCE', 'Fitch Ratings', '12-Year tranches', 'positive reception', 'net proceeds', 'Euronext Paris', 'global coordinator', 'joint bookrunner', 'BNP Paribas', 'Deutsche Bank', 'BofA Securities', 'EMTN Program', 'Individual shareholders', 'press release', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'Media Relations', 'GROUPE MICHELIN', 'stable outlook', 'aggregate amount', '7-Year tranche', 'qualified investors', 'public offer', 'Investor Relations', 'Group Michelin', 'Standard & Poor', 'Benjamin Marcus', 'Elisabete Antunes', 'Clermont-Ferrand', '7th', 'ÉTABLISSEMENTS', 'May', 'Company', 'terms', 'Placement', 'application', 'bonds', 'Citigroup', 'HSBC', 'MUFG', 'December', 'DISCLAIMER', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'law', 'Persons', 'possession', 'invitation', 'registration', 'part', 'Attachment', '3.1']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40538,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIR-LIQUIDE-4605/news/Air-Liquide-Change-in-The-Share-Capital-46646536/,Air Liquide: Change in The Share Capital,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Air Liquide :Reduction in capital subsequent to share cancellationThe Board of Directors during its meeting of April 30  2024  decided to reduce the Company’s share capital in accordance with Resolution 18 voted …,Regulatory News:Air Liquide (Paris:AI):Reduction in capital subsequent to share cancellationThe Board of Directors during its meeting of April 30  2024  decided to reduce the Company’s share capital in accordance with Resolution 18 voted during the Combined General Meeting of May 3  2023. Consequently  the share capital is reduced by a total of 3 448 500.00 euros from 2 884 842 279.00 euros to 2 881 393 779.00 euros  via the cancellation of 627 000 shares acquired by the Company in accordance with resolution approved during the Ordinary General Meeting of May 3  2023 (Resolution 4).The difference between the purchase price (118 191 443.70 euros) of these shares and their corresponding per value (3 448 500.00 euros) will be charged to the “Additional paid-in capital” (share premiums) account for an amount of 114 742 943.70 euros.Consequently  the share capital will be reduced from 2 884 842 279.00 euros to 2 881 393 779.00 euros.As a consequence  the Company’s new share capital stands at2 881 393 779 00 eurosDivided into 523 889 778 shares with a par value of 5.50 euros  paid up in full.___________Air Liquide is a world leader in gases  technologies and services for industry and healthcare. Present in 72 countries with 67 800 employees  the Group serves more than 4 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory and have been at the core of the Group’s activities since its creation in 1902.Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide’s strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group beneﬁts from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition—particularly with hydrogen—and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies.Air Liquide’s revenue amounted to more than 27.5 billion euros in 2023. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50  FTSE4Good and DJSI Europe indexes.www.airliquide.comFollow us Twitter @airliquidegroupView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240507971453/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['The Share Capital', 'Air Liquide', 'Change', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'essential small molecules', 'DJSI Europe indexes', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Ordinary General Meeting', 'new share capital', 'new markets', 'share premiums', 'Air Liquide', 'purchase price', 'corresponding per', 'world leader', '4 million customers', 'scientific territory', 'strategic plan', 'global performance', 'extra-financial dimensions', 'major assets', 'business model', 'technological expertise', 'compartment A', 'EURO STOXX', 'source version', 'Regulatory News', 'par value', 'energy transition', 'high technologies', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'The Group', '27.5 billion euros', '3,448,500.00 euros', '2,884,842,279.00 euros', '393,779.00 euros', '1,443.70 euros', '2,943.70 euros', '5.50 euros', 'Reduction', 'cancellation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'Company', 'accordance', 'Resolution', 'May', 'total', '627,000 shares', 'difference', 'Additional', 'amount', 'consequence', '523,889,778 shares', 'gases', 'services', 'industry', 'healthcare', '72 countries', '67,800 employees', 'patients', 'Oxygen', 'nitrogen', 'hydrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'activities', 'creation', 'action', 'future', 'heart', 'strategy', 'ADVANCE', 'resilience', 'strength', 'ability', 'solutions', 'climate', 'progress', 'areas', 'digital', 'revenue', 'FTSE4Good', 'airliquide', 'Twitter', 'businesswire', '2,881', '114']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40539,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/air-liquide-change-in-the-share-capital-93CH-3423298,Air Liquide: Change in The Share Capital By Investing.com,Air Liquide: Change in The Share Capital,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Air Liquide (OTC: ) (Paris:AI):Reduction in capital subsequent to share cancellationThe Board of Directors during its meeting of April 30  2024  decided to reduce the Company's share capital in accordance with Resolution 18 voted during the Combined General Meeting of May 3  2023. Consequently  the share capital is reduced by a total of 3 448 500.00 euros from 2 884 842 279.00 euros to 2 881 393 779.00 euros  via the cancellation of 627 000 shares acquired by the Company in accordance with resolution approved during the Ordinary General Meeting of May 3  2023 (Resolution 4).The difference between the purchase price (118 191 443.70 euros) of these shares and their corresponding per value (3 448 500.00 euros) will be charged to the Additional paid-in capital (share premiums) account for an amount of 114 742 943.70 euros.Consequently  the share capital will be reduced from 2 884 842 279.00 euros to 2 881 393 779.00 euros.As a consequence  the Company's new share capital stands at2 881 393 779 00 eurosDivided into 523 889 778 shares with a par value of 5.50 euros  paid up in full._ _ _Air Liquide is a world leader in gases  technologies and services for industry and healthcare. Present in 72 countries with 67 800 employees  the Group serves more than 4 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide's scientific territory and have been at the core of the Group's activities since its creation in 1902.Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide's strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group beneï¬ts from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition”particularly with hydrogen”and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorAir Liquide's revenue amounted to more than 27.5 billion euros in 2023. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the   CAC 40 ESG    FTSE4Good and DJSI Europe indexes.www.airliquide.comFollow us Twitter @airliquidegroupView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240507971453/en/Media Relationsmedia@airliquide.comInvestor RelationsIRTeam@airliquide.comShareholder Servicesactionnaires@airliquide.comSource: Air Liquide,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Air Liquide', 'Share Capital', 'Change', 'The', 'Investing', 'com', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'essential small molecules', '3rd party Ad.', 'DJSI Europe indexes', 'Investor Relations IRTeam', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Ordinary General Meeting', 'new share capital', 'new markets', 'Media Relations', 'share premiums', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Air Liquide', 'purchase price', 'corresponding per', 'world leader', '4 million customers', 'scientific territory', 'strategic plan', 'global performance', 'extra-financial dimensions', 'major assets', 'business model', 'technological expertise', 'Investing.com', 'compartment A', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Regulatory News', 'par value', 'energy transition', 'high technologies', 'source version', 'Shareholder Services', 'The Group', '27.5 billion euros', '3,448,500.00 euros', '2,884,842,279.00 euros', '393,779.00 euros', '1,443.70 euros', '114,742,943.70 euros', '5.50 euros', 'OTC', 'Reduction', 'cancellation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'Company', 'accordance', 'Resolution', 'May', 'total', '627,000 shares', 'difference', 'amount', 'consequence', '523,889,778 shares', 'gases', 'industry', 'healthcare', '72 countries', '67,800 employees', 'patients', 'Oxygen', 'nitrogen', 'hydrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'activities', 'creation', 'action', 'future', 'heart', 'strategy', 'ADVANCE', 'resilience', 'strength', 'ability', 'solutions', 'climate', 'areas', 'digital', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'revenue', 'FTSE4Good', 'airliquide', 'Twitter', 'businesswire', '81', '2025']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,investing.com
40540,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/getlink-shuttle-traffic-in-april-2024-93CH-3423172,Getlink: Shuttle Traffic in April 2024 By Investing.com,Getlink: Shuttle Traffic in April 2024,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Getlink SE (Paris:GET):April 24 April 23 Change Jan-April 2024 Jan-April 2023 Change Truck Shuttles Trucks 101 250 98 737 3% 403 051 420 641 -4% Passenger Shuttles Passenger cars 173 058 214 973 -19% 554 377 602 110 -8% Including cars  motorcycles  vehicles with trailers  caravans  camper vans and coaches.In April 2024  LeShuttle Freight carried 101 250 trucks  up 3% compared to April 2023. Since 1 January  more than 400 000 trucks have crossed the Channel on board the Shuttles.LeShuttle carried 173 058 passenger vehicles in April  down 19% compared to April 2023  due to the Easter weekend occurring in March 2024. Over 550 000 passenger vehicles have been transported since 1 January.The May traffic figures will be published on Tuesday 11 June 2024  before the market opens.About GetlinkGetlink SE (Euronext Paris: GET)  through its subsidiary Eurotunnel  is the concession holder until 2086 for the Channel Tunnel infrastructure and operates Truck Shuttles and Passenger Shuttles (cars and coaches) between Folkestone (UK) and Calais (France). Since 31 December 2020 Eurotunnel has been developing the smart border to ensure that the Tunnel remains the fastest  most reliable  easiest and most environmentally friendly way to cross the Channel. Since it opened in 1994  close to 500 million people and more than 102 million vehicles have travelled through the Channel Tunnel. This unique land link  which carries a quarter of trade between the Continent and the United Kingdom  has become a vital link  reinforced by the ElecLink electricity interconnector installed in the Tunnel  which helps to balance energy needs between France and the United Kingdom. Getlink completes its sustainable mobility services with its rail freight subsidiary Europorte. Committed to ""low-carbon"" services that control their impact on the environment (through its activities  the Group avoids the equivalent of 1.9 million tonnes of CO2 per year)  Getlink has made the place of people  nature and territories a central concern.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorhttps://www.getlinkgroup.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240506238980/en/Press:Anne-Sophie de Faucigny: +33 (0)6.46.01.52.86Isabelle Tourancheau: +33 (0)7.51.62.61.63Analysts and investors:Virginie Rousseau: +33 (0)6.77.41.03.39Source: Getlink SE",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['Shuttle Traffic', 'Investing.com', 'Getlink', 'April', 'The May traffic figures', 'Passenger Shuttles Passenger cars', 'Change Truck Shuttles Trucks', 'environmentally friendly way', 'ElecLink electricity interconnector', '3rd party Ad.', 'Anne-Sophie de Faucigny', 'unique land link', 'sustainable mobility services', 'rail freight subsidiary', 'Channel Tunnel infrastructure', '173,058 passenger vehicles', '550,000 passenger vehicles', 'vital link', 'low-carbon"" services', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'camper vans', 'LeShuttle Freight', 'Easter weekend', 'Tuesday 11 June', 'subsidiary Eurotunnel', 'concession holder', 'smart border', 'reliable, easiest', 'United Kingdom', 'energy needs', '1.9 million tonnes', 'central concern', 'Investing.com', 'Isabelle Tourancheau', 'Virginie Rousseau', '102 million vehicles', 'Getlink SE', '500 million people', 'source version', 'Euronext Paris', '101,250 trucks', '400,000 trucks', 'April', 'motorcycles', 'trailers', 'caravans', 'coaches', '1 January', 'board', 'March', 'Over', 'market', 'Folkestone', 'UK', 'Calais', 'France', '31 December', 'quarter', 'trade', 'Continent', 'Europorte', 'impact', 'activities', 'Group', 'equivalent', 'CO2', 'year', 'place', 'nature', 'territories', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'businesswire', 'Press', 'Analysts', 'investors']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,investing.com
40541,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4121831.html,“Plan  Book  Enjoy”: Introducing HERA  Accor’s New Travel Advisors’ Luxury Loyalty & Rewards with Pascal Visintainer,Accor is taking part in the Arabian Travel Market (ATM)  a leading international travel and tourism event attracting a global community of travel professionals and is taking this opportunity to introduce HERA  Accor Travel Advisor Program. Pascal Visintainer …,Accor is taking part in the Arabian Travel Market (ATM)  a leading international travel and tourism event attracting a global community of travel professionals and is taking this opportunity to introduce HERA  Accor Travel Advisor Program. Pascal Visintainer  Accor’s Senior Vice President Global Sales  Luxury & Lifestyle  sat down with us to discuss about this program bringing together Accor’s Sales and Luxury expertise. Providing access to 270+ Accor and Ennismore hotels and resorts across 11 remarkable luxury and lifestyle brands including Orient Express  Raffles  Fairmont  Sofitel  SLS  Delano  HERA is a new worldwide B2B loyalty and rewards program exclusively for travel advisors.Our aim with HERA is to inspire loyalty among leading travel professionals  by equipping them with all the resources they need to seamlessly create bespoke luxury travel experiences for their clients and granting them valuable Reward Points to use freely on their own time. With easy-to-use tools for travel planning  an efficient booking system  and plentiful rewards  we are confident that HERA will be the top choice of travel advisors around the globe. Pascal Visintainer  SVP Global Sales  Luxury & Lifestyle Division  AccorSofitel Sydney Darling Harbour - Australia — Photo by AccorRaffles Dubai - UAE — Photo by AccorSofitel Legend Old Cataract Aswan - Egypt — Photo by AccorFairmont Le Montreux Palace - Switzerland — Photo by AccorBanyan Tree Dongguan Songshan Lake - China — Photo by AccorThe launch of HERA marks a strong commitment in Accor’s Luxury & Lifestyle Sales approach. How does the program fit into the Group’s overall strategy?Pascal Visintainer: At Accor  we continuously enhance our services and launch new initiatives to meet and anticipate evolving trends and client demands. Our organizational transformation into Premium  Midscale & Economy (PM&E) and Lifestyle & Luxury (L&L) divisions reflects of our unwavering ambition and commitment to strengthening the quality of our service to better address the needs and leverage the potential of each segment. Accor’s sales expertise is fundamental to the Group’s position as a favored partner for travel agencies.HERA is perfectly aligned with the Group’s innovative and forward-thinking spirit. We are also a global leader in the high potential and high value luxury segment  and  as such  we are strongly focused on strengthening our leadership and the excellence of service we bring to our luxury owners  partners  and guests.HERA’s launch is testament to this ambition. The program is the result of extensive research carried out on what travel advisors and agencies need to best serve their high-end clientele. It turns out  they needed extensive hotel content  and a premium online workspace with an integrated online booking system. We are confident HERA will more than meet these needs  while simultaneously rewarding travel professionals for their continued loyalty to our luxury & lifestyle brands and hotels.What specific features make HERA such an outstanding loyalty program?PV: The new platform HERA.Accor.com includes more brands  capabilities  and features  from in-depth hotel descriptions to customized booking confirmations  and much more. It is a unique and personalized online workspace for travel advisors  where they can easily book at participating Accor and Ennismore hotels and resorts  maintain and view a complete booking history of all the reservations made.Travel professionals who serve a luxury travelers clientele require more tools  resources  and opportunities to easily customize a client’s itinerary. HERA is much more than a loyalty program: it is a loyalty ecosystem that gives travel advisors who specialize in luxury and lifestyle a tailor-made  highly personalized  seamless experience  and that helps boost their productivity and client satisfaction  while generously rewarding them for their bookings.Why is HERA focused on our Luxury & Lifestyle Division?PV: Travel advisors who specialize in luxury and lifestyle cater to clients with very specific needs and high expectations. High-end travel booking tools are tailored to meet these clients’ specific requests.To help deliver the promise of a customized and flexible rewards and loyalty ecosystem  we have launched HERA with a focus on our Luxury & Lifestyle brands. HERA becomes a one-stop-shop for our B2B clients where they can find what they need to give their clients the best service and travel experience possible.And this is why we designed HERA: to support advisors in seamlessly creating unique and highly personalized luxury travel experiences.Could you say a little bit more about what it means for Accor to be partner-centric?PV: Our sales ecosystem is a key growth driver for the Group  with our Luxury & Lifestyle sales team enhancing value for all stakeholders. HERA has been co-constructed with some of our partners travel agencies and their feedback  ideas and enthusiasm. We are partner-centric  and definitely client-centric. The excellence of our people combined with our powerful tools  holistic approach  innovative services and hotel network are what make us stand out. Commitment  trust  generosity are the key drivers behind HERA. We provide comprehensive expertise and services and build solid long-lasting relationships with our business partners to drive revenue  performance  and growth – all of which contribute to making the Group a preferred partner for hotel owners around the world  as well as allowing us to meet and anticipate our B2B client needs in a personalized way.And having a partner-centric mindset also works internally: we have implemented new ways of working internally as well  by collaborating closely with a wide range of expertise (including the brands  digital teams  etc…)  which enabled us to turn this program into a success by leveraging these complementary skills.Is there anything else you might like to add?PV: Yes  I would like to say a few words about why we are calling this new program HERA. HERA is the name of the Greek goddess for marriage and family. She protects commitment and ensures fidelity  which keeps the ties that sustain us strong. This is also HERA’s mission: to cultivate enduring loyalty from our valued travel advisors and agency partners. Of course  trust and loyalty are earned – we cannot take them for granted. But we believe that HERA loyalty ecosystem is proof that we are committed to reinforcing that trust  and inspire our valued B2B customers to take full advantage of the program’s efficiency and abundant rewards.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 500 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,positive,0.63,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['New Travel Advisors’ Luxury Loyalty', 'Pascal Visintainer', 'Plan', 'Book', 'Enjoy', 'HERA', 'Accor', 'Rewards', 'Accor Banyan Tree Dongguan Songshan Lake', 'Accor Sofitel Legend Old Cataract Aswan', 'Accor Sofitel Sydney Darling Harbour', 'Accor Fairmont Le Montreux Palace', 'integrated online booking system', 'bespoke luxury travel experiences', 'new worldwide B2B loyalty', 'personalized luxury travel experiences', 'Accor Travel Advisor Program', 'High-end travel booking tools', 'efficient booking system', 'personalized online workspace', 'high value luxury segment', 'complete booking history', 'premium online workspace', 'Senior Vice President', 'valuable Reward Points', 'L&L) divisions', 'depth hotel descriptions', 'key growth driver', 'personalized, seamless experience', 'Arabian Travel Market', 'leading international travel', 'extensive hotel content', 'customized booking confirmations', 'leading travel professionals', 'SVP Global Sales', 'Accor Raffles Dubai', 'luxury travelers clientele', 'outstanding loyalty program', 'Lifestyle Sales approach', 'Lifestyle sales team', 'clients’ specific requests', 'high-end clientele', 'new initiatives', 'new platform', 'high expectations', 'B2B clients', 'travel planning', '270+ Accor', 'Accor.com', 'participating Accor', 'extensive research', 'travel advisors', 'sales expertise', 'continued loyalty', 'loyalty ecosystem', 'sales ecosystem', 'global community', 'global leader', 'travel agencies', 'high potential', 'tourism event', 'Pascal Visintainer', 'Orient Express', 'rewards program', 'plentiful rewards', 'top choice', 'overall strategy', 'evolving trends', 'organizational transformation', 'forward-thinking spirit', 'flexible rewards', 'powerful tools', 'Luxury expertise', '11 remarkable luxury', 'luxury owners', 'specific features', 'Lifestyle Division', 'Ennismore hotels', 'client demands', 'client satisfaction', 'specific needs', 'lifestyle brands', 'strong commitment', 'unwavering ambition', 'best service', 'ATM', 'opportunity', 'HERA', 'access', 'resorts', 'SLS', 'Delano', 'aim', 'resources', 'time', 'globe', 'Australia', 'Photo', 'UAE', 'Egypt', 'Switzerland', 'China', 'launch', 'Group', 'services', 'Midscale', 'Economy', 'quality', 'position', 'partner', 'innovative', 'leadership', 'excellence', 'guests', 'testament', 'result', 'PV', 'capabilities', 'unique', 'reservations', 'opportunities', 'itinerary', 'tailor', 'productivity', 'bookings', 'promise', 'focus', 'one-stop-shop', 'stakeholders', 'feedback', 'ideas', 'enthusiasm', 'people', 'holistic']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,hospitalitynet.org
40542,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAREL-HF-58675001/news/Marel-Q1-2024-Results-46652279/,Marel: Q1 2024 Results,(marketscreener.com)      English   Icelandic                   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAREL-HF-58675001/news/Marel-Q1-2024-Results-46652279/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20240507,"Marel hf.Interim report (Q1 and Q3) Marel: Q1 2024 Results Revenues of EUR 413m and 7.9% EBIT  further build up of order book needed to improve operational performance Executive summary Soft performance in 1Q24 in line with communication at year-end  pick up expected in 2H24.Soft order book at 33% trailing twelve months revenues. To deliver revenue growth and improved operational performance  the order book needs to build up.Continued good momentum in aftermarket revenues at EUR 205.7m in the quarter and above 800m in trailing twelve months.EBIT margin of 7.9% in 1Q24  with continued weakness in margins for Meat and Fish  lower volume for Plant  Pet and Feed  while continued delivery from Poultry.Ongoing actions to lower cost base  including 9% reduction in FTEs YoY (2% QoQ).Leverage increased to 3.75x on the back of lower orders received and EBITDA  however good covenant headroom and liquidity. Financial highlights Q1 2024 Orders received: EUR 392.8m (4Q23: 466.4m  1Q23: 362.6m).EUR 392.8m (4Q23: 466.4m  1Q23: 362.6m). Revenues: EUR 412.6m (4Q23: 448.0m  1Q23: 447.4m).EUR 412.6m (4Q23: 448.0m  1Q23: 447.4m). EBITDA[1] margin: 11.7% (4Q23: 13.1%  1Q23: 12.6%).11.7% (4Q23: 13.1%  1Q23: 12.6%). EBIT1 margin: 7.9% (4Q23: 9.6%  1Q23: 9.0%).7.9% (4Q23: 9.6%  1Q23: 9.0%). Net result: EUR -3.2m (4Q23: 8.7m  1Q23: 9.1m).EUR -3.2m (4Q23: 8.7m  1Q23: 9.1m). Cash flow from operating activities before interest and tax: EUR 26.2m (4Q23: 102.0m  1Q23: 34.3m).EUR 26.2m (4Q23: 102.0m  1Q23: 34.3m). Free cash flow: EUR 11.2m (4Q23: 83.4m  1Q23: -0.3m).EUR 11.2m (4Q23: 83.4m  1Q23: -0.3m). Leverage[2]: 3.75x (4Q23: 3.45x  1Q23: 3.34x). Arni Sigurdsson  CEO:""The first quarter results were soft  as indicated in the Q4 2023 results  with EUR 413 million in revenues and an 7.9% EBIT margin. We continue to perform well in the aftermarket reaching EUR 800 million in trailing twelve months revenues  while project revenues have declined materially in line with the soft project orders received and weaker order book. We have been taking decisive cost actions with increased cost discipline to manage through the cycle and improving working capital management. It is  however  clear that further build up of the order book is needed to improve operational performance. There is continued short-term uncertainty evidenced by the lower-than-expected projects orders received in the quarter. However  we do see signs of improving market fundamentals and customers' sentiment with lower feed prices  better pricing and positive tone from our customers at key trade shows over the quarter providing us with an optimistic view on the market in the second half this year. A significant milestone was reached in April when we signed a transaction agreement with JBT. Looking ahead to the potential combination  there are exciting opportunities to accelerate progress on our strategic journey and have a meaningful impact on our industry towards more sustainable food systems. We continue to work closely with JBT ahead of the targeted offer launch later this month. I want to thank the dedicated and talented global team at Marel navigating this changing landscape  and together we are fully committed to our vision to transform food processing and deliver on our potential."" FY24 and mid-term outlookMarket conditions remain challenging resulting in elevated uncertainty. Headwinds expected to moderate in coming quarters  supported by positive signs in the market. Labor scarcity and continued wage inflation  coupled with favorable secular trends  focused on automation  robotics technology and digital solutions that support sustainable food processing  will continue to support Marel's organic growth outlook. The challenging market conditions have resulted in a decline of the order book in 2023 and 1Q24  orders received and revenues expected to build up in 2H24. To deliver revenue growth and improved operational performance in the future  build up of the order book is needed. Financial calendarMarel will publish its financial results according to the below financial calendar: Q2 2024 - 24 July 2024Q3 2024 - 30 October 2024Q4 2024 - 12 February 2025AGM - 26 March 2025 Financial results will be disclosed and published after market closing of both Nasdaq Iceland and Euronext Amsterdam. Upcoming trade shows and eventsMarel regularly participates in exhibitions around the world where it showcases the company's innovative solutions. In addition  Marel hosts its own trade shows and KnowHows in the company's demonstration facilities. Here are some of Marel's upcoming events in 2024: Interzoo in Nürnberg  Germany  7-10 MayMarel's Pork ShowHow in Copenhagen  Denmark  29 MayPropak Asia in Bangkok  Thailand  12-15 JuneTecnocarne in Sao Paulo  Brazil  18-21 JuneMarel's Software KnowHow in Copenhagen  Denmark  19 June Virtual investor meetingOn Wednesday 8 May 2024  at 10:30 am CET (8:30 am GMT)  Marel will host a virtual investor meeting where CEO Arni Sigurdsson and CFO Sebastiaan Boelen will give an overview of the financial results and operational highlights in the first quarter 2024. Please note that the investor meeting is virtual only. The investor meeting will be streamed live via Zoom and a recording will be made available after the meeting on marel.com/ir. Registration is available here. [1] Result from operations and EBITDA adjusted for PPA related costs  including depreciation and amortization  acquisition related expenses and restructuring costs. In Q4 2023 and Q1 2024  result from operations is also adjusted for one-off write-offs related to product portfolio rationalization.[2] Net debt (excluding lease liabilities) / Pro forma LTM adjusted EBITDA (including recent acquisitions) excluding non-cash and one-off costs per Marel's credit agreement. Market share dataStatements regarding market share  including those regarding Marel's competitive position  are based on outside sources such as research institutes  industry and dealer panels in combination with management estimates. Where information is not yet available to Marel  those statements may also be based on estimates and projections prepared by outside sources or management. Rankings are based on sales unless otherwise stated. Forward-looking statementsStatements in this press release that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements. Although such statements are based on management's current estimates and expectations  forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain. We therefore caution the reader that there are a variety of factors that could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is contained in our forward-looking statements  and that we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Investor RelationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001. About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL  AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software and services to the food processing industry. Established in 1983  we have around 7 500 employees and a presence in more than 30 countries  servicing customer accounts in over 140 countries. We are listed on Nasdaq Iceland and Euronext Amsterdam  and in 2023 we delivered EUR 1.7 billion in revenues  with 46% coming from recurring aftermarket services and software. We invest 5-6% of revenues in innovation every year  setting new benchmarks in processing poultry  meat  fish as well as pet food  aqua feed and plant protein. Utilizing cutting edge technologies such as robotics  data-driven solutions  automation and software  we empower our customers to increase yield  ensure food safety  improve sustainability and ultimately create value for their businesses. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir. Attachments:Marel Q1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements.pdfMarel Q1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements Excel.xlsxMarel Q1 2024 Press Release.pdf",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.47,0.15,0.38,True,English,"['Q1 2024 Results', 'Marel', 'operational performance Executive summary Soft performance', 'Financial highlights Q1 2024 Orders', 'working capital management', 'talented global team', 'favorable secular trends', 'Virtual investor meeting', 'CFO Sebastiaan Boelen', 'soft project orders', 'sustainable food systems', 'Soft order book', 'good covenant headroom', 'key trade shows', 'sustainable food processing', 'Free cash flow', 'Q1 2024 Results Revenues', 'decisive cost actions', 'organic growth outlook', 'Upcoming trade shows', 'weaker order book', 'lower feed prices', 'twelve months revenues', 'challenging market conditions', 'CEO Arni Sigurdsson', 'first quarter results', 'operational h', 'lower orders', 'financial results', 'good momentum', 'Ongoing actions', 'project revenues', 'mid-term outlook', 'projects orders', 'revenue growth', 'lower volume', 'cost base', 'cost discipline', 'Financial calendar', 'Interim report', 'FTEs YoY', 'EBITDA[1] margin', 'EBIT1 margin', 'Net result', 'operating activities', 'short-term uncertainty', 'positive tone', 'optimistic view', 'second half', 'significant milestone', 'transaction agreement', 'exciting opportunities', 'strategic journey', 'meaningful impact', 'offer launch', 'changing landscape', 'elevated uncertainty', 'coming quarters', 'Labor scarcity', 'wage inflation', 'robotics technology', 'digital solutions', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'innovative solutions', 'demonstration facilities', 'upcoming events', 'Nürnberg', 'Pork ShowHow', 'Propak Asia', 'Sao Paulo', 'Software KnowHow', 'Wednesday 8 May', 'Q4 2023 results', 'market fundamentals', 'market closing', 'EBIT margin', 'aftermarket revenues', ""customers' sentiment"", 'potential combination', 'positive signs', '7.9% EBIT', 'Marel', '1Q24', 'communication', 'year-end', '2H24', 'weakness', 'margins', 'Meat', 'Fish', 'Plant', 'Pet', 'delivery', 'Poultry', '9% reduction', 'QoQ', 'Leverage', 'back', 'liquidity', '1Q23', 'interest', 'tax', 'cycle', 'build', 'expected', 'pricing', 'April', 'JBT.', 'progress', 'industry', 'dedicated', 'vision', 'FY24', 'Headwinds', 'continued', 'automation', 'decline', 'future', '24 July', 'Q3', '30 October', '12 February', 'AGM', '26 March', 'exhibitions', 'world', 'company', 'addition', 'KnowHows', 'Interzoo', 'Germany', 'Copenhagen', 'Denmark', 'Bangkok', 'Thailand', 'Brazil', '21 June', '10:30 am', 'CET', 'GMT', 'overview']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40543,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORVIA-EX-FAURECIA-4647/news/FORVIA-FURTHER-IMPROVES-ITS-DEBT-PROFILE-BY-USING-PROCEEDS-FROM-ADDITIONAL-ISSUANCE-OF-SENIOR-NOTES-46652506/,FORVIA FURTHER IMPROVES ITS DEBT PROFILE BY USING PROCEEDS FROM ADDITIONAL ISSUANCE OF SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031 TO PARTIALLY REFINANCE EXISTING 2026 SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES,(marketscreener.com) Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan NANTERRE MAY 7  2024 FORVIA FURTHER IMPROVES ITS DEBT PROFILE BY USING PROCEEDS FROM ADDITIONAL ISSUANCE OF SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031 TO PARTIALLY …,"Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or JapanNANTERRE (FRANCE)MAY 7  2024FORVIA FURTHER IMPROVES ITS DEBT PROFILE BY USING PROCEEDS FROM ADDITIONAL ISSUANCE OF SENIOR NOTES DUE 2031 TO PARTIALLY REFINANCE EXISTING 2026 SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTESIssued an additional €200 million of 5.500% Senior Notes due 2031 at 101.75% of par  corresponding to a yield of 5.20%Proceeds from the issuance  with additional cash  used to repurchase €250 million of existing 2026 7.250% Sustainability-Linked Notes by way of a tender offer  thus reducing the Group’s gross debtFORVIA has successfully closed its previously announced offering of an additional €200 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.500% Senior Notes due 2031 (the “New Notes”)  which will be consolidated with and form a single series with the existing €500 million 5.500% Senior Notes due 2031 issued on 11 March 2024 after the expiry of a 40-day distribution compliance period.The New Notes obtained credit rating in line with the long-term credit rating of FORVIA (i.e.  “BB+” by Fitch Ratings  “Ba2” by Moody’s and “BB” by Standard & Poor’s) and are listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.The associated tender offer (the “Tender Offer”) for the repurchase of FORVIA’s existing 7.250% Sustainability-linked Notes due 2026 (the “Existing Notes”) also settled today. With the success of the Tender Offer  FORVIA decided to increase the maximum amount of the Existing Notes accepted for tender in the Tender Offer to  and has accepted the tenders of  €250 million in aggregate principal amount of the Existing Notes  which Existing Notes have now been cancelled. This tender offer further reduces the outstanding amount of the Existing Notes  which now stands at €330.2 million vs the initial €950 million issuance.These transactions allow the Group to proactively manage its liabilities and extend its average debt maturity.Olivier Durand  Chief Financial Officer of FORVIA  declared: “After a first successful operation of bond issue and repurchase of existing maturities in March  this new transaction not only demonstrates FORVIA’s ability to take advantage of improving market conditions to actively manage its maturity profile but also  by deciding to increase the tender offer  its intention to reduce its gross debt. It’s complementary to the Group’s commitment to accelerate the deleveraging and fully rebalance its capital structure.”PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS Christophe MALBRANQUEGroup Media Relations Director+33 (0) 6 21 96 23 53christophe.malbranque@forvia.com Marc MAILLETGroup Head of Investor Relations+33 (0) 1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comIria MONTOUTOGroup Media Relations Officer+33 (0) 6 01 03 19 89iria.montouto@forvia.comSébastien LEROYGroup Deputy Investor Relations Director+33 (0) 6 26 89 33 69sebastien.leroy@forvia.comAbout FORVIA  whose mission is: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.FORVIA  7th global automotive technology supplier  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With close to 260 industrial sites and 78 R&D centers  153 000 people  including 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of six Business Groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 13 400 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. In 2023  the Group recorded consolidated sales above 27 billion euros. FORVIA SE is listed on the Euronext Paris market under the FRVIA mnemonic code and is a component of the CAC Next 20 and CAC SBT 1.5° indices. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comIMPORTANT NOTICEThis document is not an offer of securities for sale in the United States. The notes being offered by Forvia (the ""Notes"") may not be sold in the United States unless they are registered under the Securities Act or are exempt from registration. The offering of Notes described in this announcement has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act  and accordingly any offer or sale of Notes may be made only in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.It may be unlawful to distribute this document in certain jurisdictions. This document is not for distribution in Canada  Japan or Australia. The information in this document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Canada  Japan or Australia.Promotion of the Notes in the United Kingdom is restricted by the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)  and accordingly  the Notes are not being promoted to the general public in the United Kingdom. This announcement is directed solely at (i) persons located outside the United Kingdom  (ii) persons with professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (iii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order and (iv) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”)) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Issuer or any member of its group may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons in (i) – (iv) above being “relevant persons”). Any investment activity to which this announcement relates will only be available to and will only be engaged with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation EU 2017/1129  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") or an offer to the public.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) or an offer to the public.MiFID II professionals/ECPs-only/No PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (MIFID II product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in EEA.MiFIR professionals/ECPs-only/No UK PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (UK MIFIR product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No UK PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in the UK.Neither the content of Forvia’s website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on Forvia’s website is incorporated in  or forms part of  this announcement. The distribution of this announcement into any jurisdiction may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.No money  securities or other consideration is being solicited  and  if sent in response to the information contained herein  no money  securities or other consideration will be accepted.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.08,0.24,0.68,True,English,"['FORVIA FURTHER IMPROVES', 'DEBT PROFILE', 'ADDITIONAL ISSUANCE', 'SENIOR NOTES', 'PARTIALLY REFINANCE', 'SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES', 'PROCEEDS', 'Iria MONTOUTO Group Media Relations Officer', 'Christophe MALBRANQUE Group Media Relations Director', '7th global automotive technology supplier', 'Deputy Investor Relations Director', '40-day distribution compliance period', 'Sébastien LEROY Group', 'Marc MAILLET Group Head', 'existing €500 million 5.500% Senior Notes', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Global Exchange Market', 'first successful operation', '78 R&D centers', '15,000 R&D engineers', 'six Business Groups', 'strong IP portfolio', 'FRVIA mnemonic code', 'aggregate principal amount', 'initial €950 million issuance', 'CAC SBT 1.5° indices', 'Euronext Paris market', 'long-term credit rating', 'average debt maturity', 'The New Notes', 'FORVIA FURTHER IMPROVES', 'existing 2026 7.250% Sustainability-Linked Notes', 'existing 7.250% Sustainability-linked Notes', 'automotive challenges', 'market conditions', 'complementary technology', 'Euronext Dublin', 'maximum amount', 'outstanding amount', 'maturity profile', 'CAC Next 20', 'Financial Services', 'existing maturities', 'Existing Notes', 'DEBT PROFILE', 'gross debt', 'United States', 'ADDITIONAL ISSUANCE', 'PARTIALLY REFINANCE', 'additional cash', 'single series', 'Fitch Ratings', 'Olivier Durand', 'bond issue', 'capital structure', 'PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'mobility experiences', 'industrial strengths', '260 industrial sites', '40+ countries', 'comprehensive approach', 'preferred innovation', 'integration partner', '27 billion euros', 'change maker', 'mobility transformation', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'United Kingdom', 'Markets Act', 'general public', 'professional experience', 'new transaction', 'Securities Act', 'tender offer', 'registration requirements', 'FORVIA SE', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'NANTERRE', 'FRANCE', 'MAY', 'PROCEEDS', 'yield', 'way', 'offering', '11 March', 'expiry', 'line', 'Ba2', 'Moody', 'BB', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'repurchase', 'tenders', 'transactions', 'liabilities', 'advantage', 'intention', 'commitment', 'deleveraging', 'sebastien', 'mission', 'people', 'Faurecia', 'HELLA', 'close', 'unique', 'today', 'tomorrow', '13,400 patents', 'OEMS', 'sales', 'component', 'document', 'announcement', 'jurisdictions', 'information', 'Promotion', 'FSMA', 'persons', 'matters', 'investments', 'Article']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40544,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AB-SCIENCE-6133795/news/AB-Science-A-new-publication-in-the-medical-journal-Muscle-Nerve-validates-the-use-of-the-rate-o-46652275/,AB Science : A new publication in the medical journal Muscle & Nerve validates the use of the rate of decline of ALSFR-S score (ΔFS) for the design of clinical studies and the treatment choice for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) patient,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE A NEW PUBLICATION IN THE MEDICAL JOURNAL MUSCLE & NERVE VALIDATES THE USE OF THE RATE OF DECLINE OF ALSFRS-R SCORE FOR THE DESIGN OF CLINICAL STUDIES AND THE TREATMENT CHOICE FOR AMYOTROPHIC LATERAL SCLEROSIS PATIENTS THIS P…,"PRESS RELEASEA NEW PUBLICATION IN THE MEDICAL JOURNAL MUSCLE & NERVE VALIDATES THE USE OF THE RATE OF DECLINE OF ALSFRS-R SCORE (ΔFS) FOR THE DESIGN OF CLINICAL STUDIES AND THE TREATMENT CHOICE FOR AMYOTROPHIC LATERAL SCLEROSIS (ALS) PATIENTSTHIS PUBLICATION VALIDATES THE CLINICAL TRIAL DESIGN OF MASITINIB PHASE 2/3 STUDY AB10015 AND CONFIRMATORY STUDY IN ALSParis  May 07  2024  6pm CETAB Science SA (Euronext - FR0010557264 - AB) today announced the publication of an article in Muscle & Nerve  a peer-reviewed medical journal covering neuromuscular medicine. This article  published as part of the journal’s Issues & Opinions section  discusses the merits of using the clinical parameter of delta FS (ΔFS)  the slope or rate of ALSFRS-R decline over time  as a relevant tool for innovative amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) study design. The article  entitled ‘Categorization of the amyotrophic lateral sclerosis population via the clinical determinant of post-onset ΔFS for study design and medical practice’  is accessible online from the Muscle & Nerve website (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/epdf/10.1002/mus.28101) [1].Authored by experts in the field of ALS  the article concludes that post-onset ΔFS serves not only as a critical stratification factor and basis for patient enrichment  but also as a tool to explore differences in treatment response across the overall population for identification of preferential responder subgroups. Furthermore  because post-onset ΔFS is derived from information routinely collected as part of standard patient care and monitoring  it provides a suitable patient selection tool for treating physicians. Post-onset ΔFS (or early ΔFS)  is the rate of decline of the total ALSFRS-R score (i.e.  the slope of ALSFRS-R over time)  calculated from the date of initial symptom onset.These observations are highly relevant to the masitinib development program in ALS because study AB10015 was based precisely on this design strategy [2].Professor Albert Ludolph  MD  PhD  Chairman of the Department of Neurology at the University Hospital and Medical Faculty of Ulm and senior author of this article commented: “In this article we discuss the merits of post-onset ΔFS as a tool for innovative ALS study design. ΔFS is a clinically relevant  independent predictor of survival  capable of distinguishing patient subgroups that have a different course of disease progression. Categorization of the ALS population via post-onset ΔFS is therefore an important study design consideration that may facilitate optimization of drug effectiveness and patient management  and as such is recommended for inclusion in the design of clinical trials.”Professor Olivier Hermine  MD  PhD  President of the Scientific Committee of AB Science and member of the Académie des Sciences in France said: “Although this article is not specifically directed towards the masitinib study AB10015 in ALS  it describes very well the design philosophy behind that study and as such is a strong validation of this approach. Importantly  it shows that there is consensus among these key opinion leaders that post-onset ΔFS is a simple-to-use instrument for patient selection  with no obvious barriers regarding its application in clinical practice.”Key points from this article include: Rate of ALSFRS-R decline (ΔFS) is a clinically relevant  independent predictor of survival  capable of distinguishing patient subgroups that have a different course of disease progression. Post-onset ΔFS is an independent prognostic factor that has relevance for patient selection  irrespective of changes to ΔFS categorization at later stages of the disease course. Post-onset ΔFS is a simple-to-use instrument for patient selection  the components of which are measured as part of routine clinical practice. The use of post-onset ΔFS patient categorization allows for innovative ALS trial design that may facilitate optimization of drug effectiveness and patient management. Overall  there are no insurmountable barriers regarding the application of post-onset ΔFS in clinical practice  making it very attractive enrichment tool that is  can and should be regularly incorporated into ALS trial design.[1] Ludolph AC  Corcia P  Desnuelle C  Heiman-Patterson T  Mora JS  Mansfield CD  Couratier P. Categorization of the amyotrophic lateral sclerosis population via the clinical determinant of post-onset ΔFS for study design and medical practice. Muscle Nerve. Published online May 05  2024. doi:10.1002/mus.28101 (available from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/epdf/10.1002/mus.28101)[2] Mora JS  Genge A  Chio A  et al. Masitinib as an add-on therapy to riluzole in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a randomized clinical trial. Amyotroph Lateral Scler Frontotemporal Degener. 2020;21(1-2):5-14. doi:10.1080/21678421.2019.1632346About Muscle & NerveMuscle & Nerve is devoted to publishing new clinical and research studies on the most important findings on neuromuscular disorders and treatment options from a range of medical fields. The 2022 Journal Impact Factor (Clarivate) of Muscle and Nerve is 3.4.About masitinibMasitinib is a orally administered tyrosine kinase inhibitor that targets mast cells and macrophages  important cells for immunity  through inhibiting a limited number of kinases. Based on its unique mechanism of action  masitinib can be developed in a large number of conditions in oncology  in inflammatory diseases  and in certain diseases of the central nervous system. In oncology due to its immunotherapy effect  masitinib can have an effect on survival  alone or in combination with chemotherapy. Through its activity on mast cells and microglia and consequently the inhibition of the activation of the inflammatory process  masitinib can have an effect on the symptoms associated with some inflammatory and central nervous system diseases and the degeneration of these diseases.About AB ScienceFounded in 2001  AB Science is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the research  development and commercialization of protein kinase inhibitors (PKIs)  a class of targeted proteins whose action are key in signaling pathways within cells. Our programs target only diseases with high unmet medical needs  often lethal with short term survival or rare or refractory to previous line of treatment.AB Science has developed a proprietary portfolio of molecules and the Company’s lead compound  masitinib  has already been registered for veterinary medicine and is developed in human medicine in oncology  neurological diseases  inflammatory diseases and viral diseases. The company is headquartered in Paris  France  and listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: AB).Further information is available on AB Science’s website: www.ab-science.com.Forward-looking Statements - AB ScienceThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates as well as the assumptions on which they are based  statements based on projects  objectives  intentions and expectations regarding financial results  events  operations  future services  product development and their potential or future performance.These forward-looking statements can often be identified by the words ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate"" or ""plan"" as well as other similar terms. While AB Science believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of AB Science and which may imply that results and actual events significantly differ from those expressed  induced or anticipated in the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include the uncertainties related to product development of the Company which may not be successful or to the marketing authorizations granted by competent authorities or  more generally  any factors that may affect marketing capacity of the products developed by AB Science  as well as those developed or identified in the public documents published by AB Science. AB Science disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update the forward-looking information and statements  subject to the applicable regulations  in particular articles 223-1 et seq. of the AMF General Regulations.For additional information  please contact:AB ScienceFinancial Communication & Media Relationsinvestors@ab-science.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.59,0.38,0.03,True,English,"['amyotrophic lateral sclerosis', 'AB Science', 'new publication', 'medical journal', 'ALSFR-S score', 'clinical studies', 'treatment choice', 'ALS) patient', 'Muscle', 'Nerve', 'use', 'rate', 'decline', 'ΔFS', 'design', 'Amyotroph Lateral Scler Frontotemporal Degener', 'innovative amyotrophic lateral sclerosis', 'amyotrophic lateral sclerosis population', 'The 2022 Journal Impact Factor', 'important study design consideration', 'innovative ALS trial design', 'innovative ALS study design', 'suitable patient selection tool', 'critical stratification factor', 'independent prognostic factor', 'Professor Olivier Hermine', 'Académie des', 'relevant, independent predictor', 'randomized clinical trial', 'Professor Albert Ludolph', 'key opinion leaders', 'standard patient care', 'preferential responder subgroups', 'CLINICAL TRIAL DESIGN', 'peer-reviewed medical journal', 'initial symptom onset', 'masitinib development program', 'AB Science SA', 'total ALSFRS-R score', 'routine clinical practice', 'ALS) study design', 'MEDICAL JOURNAL MUSCLE', 'ΔFS patient categorization', 'ALS population', 'overall population', 'important findings', 'patient subgroups', 'relevant tool', 'design strategy', 'design philosophy', 'medical practice', 'Key points', 'Ludolph AC', '2/3 STUDY', 'CONFIRMATORY STUDY', 'study AB10015', 'masitinib study', 'patient enrichment', 'patient management', 'Medical Faculty', 'medical fields', 'CLINICAL STUDIES', 'clinical parameter', 'clinical determinant', 'clinical trials', 'new clinical', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'TREATMENT CHOICE', 'MASITINIB PHASE', '6pm CET', 'neuromuscular medicine', 'Opinions section', 'treatment response', 'University Hospital', 'senior author', 'different course', 'disease progression', 'drug effectiveness', 'Scientific Committee', 'strong validation', 'obvious barriers', 'later stages', 'disease course', 'insurmountable barriers', 'enrichment tool', 'Corcia P', 'Desnuelle C', 'Heiman-Patterson T', 'Mora JS', 'Mansfield CD', 'Couratier P.', 'Genge A', 'Chio A', 'research studies', 'neuromuscular disorders', 'treatment options', 'NEW PUBLICATION', 'PUBLICATION VALIDATES', 'NERVE VALIDATES', 'ALSFRS-R decline', 'Nerve website', 'delta FS', 'early ΔFS', 'Muscle Nerve', 'ΔFS categorization', 'USE', 'PATIENTS', 'Paris', 'May', 'Euronext', 'article', 'part', 'Issues', 'merits', 'slope', 'time', 'post-onset', 'onlinelibrary', 'experts', 'basis', 'differences', 'identification', 'information', 'monitoring', 'physicians', 'observations', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Chairman', 'Neurology', 'Ulm', 'survival', 'optimization', 'inclusion', 'President', 'member', 'Sciences', 'France', 'approach', 'consensus', 'instrument', 'application', 'relevance', 'changes', 'components', 'wiley', 'doi', 'add', 'therapy', 'riluzole', 'range', 'Clariv']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40545,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7203848654454798,Wolters Kluwer to showcase innovative legal solutions at 2024 CLOC Global Institute,Legal professionals can learn how to drive more efficient legal ticketing and supercharge spend management             Wolters Kluwer   will bring a series of dynamic solution lab sessions to the 2024 Corporate Legal Operations Consortium (CLOC) Global...,Wolters Kluwer to showcase innovative legal solutions at 2024 CLOC Global InstituteLegal professionals can learn how to drive more efficient legal ticketing and supercharge spend managementWolters Kluwer will bring a series of dynamic solution lab sessions to the 2024 Corporate Legal Operations Consortium (CLOC) Global Institute. These presentations are designed to support and inspire legal professionals as they leverage innovative solutions  make empowered decisions and drive exceptional results. Attracting a diverse and global audience that comprises multiple sectors of the legal industry  the 2024 CLOC Global Institute will be held from May 6 to 9 at the ARIA Resort & Casino in Las Vegas  NV.Digitally Transform Your Corporate Legal Department: The Case for Legal TicketingAttendees will focus on the streamlined intake and request management process made possible by the new Legal Ticketing feature recently added to Legisway  Wolters Kluwer’s all-in-one SaaS legal information and contract management solution for corporate legal departments.When: May 7  at 11am PTWhere: Pinyon BallroomExpert Speakers:Michele Alwin  Associate Director of Product Management at Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tommie Tavares-Ferreira  Head of Legal Operations at CedarTotal Spend Management: Controlling Costs  Increasing Compliance  and Delivering ValueAttendees will discover how solutions like LegalCollaborator  a transformational new legal engagement and competitive bidding tool from ELM Solutions  are helping legal operations professionals create a scalable process for managing the outside counsel experience from start to finish.When: May 8  at 3pm PTWhere: Pinyon Ballroom 3Expert Speakers:Jeff Solomon  Vice President and General Manager  LegalVIEW BillAnalyzer at Wolters Kluwer ELM Solutions Vince Venturella  Associate Director  Technology Product Management at Wolters Kluwer ELM Solutions Michelle Nenadic  Senior Advisor  Legal Operations at DellMike Stein  Director of Legal and Compliance Operations at Qurate Retail GroupAttendees can learn more about how LegalCollaborator is helping legal operations professionals build stronger law firm relationships by visiting Wolters Kluwer in the Exhibit Hall at Booth 101. Solutions experts will also be standing by to help visitors learn more about how they can mitigate bottlenecks using Legisway’s key performance indicators for resource management and self-service  or supercharge spend management with ELM Solutions’ AI-powered LegalVIEW BillAnalyzer.For more information about Wolters Kluwer’s please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Facebook   YouTube and Instagram .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240507236002/en/MEDIA CONTACT:Frank ReadyManager  External CommunicationsLegal & RegulatoryWolters KluwerOffice: 717-205-3647Email: Frank.Ready@wolterskluwer.com,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['innovative legal solutions', '2024 CLOC Global Institute', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'ELM Solutions’ AI-powered LegalVIEW BillAnalyzer', 'stronger law firm relationships', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'dynamic solution lab sessions', 'transformational new legal engagement', 'new Legal Ticketing feature', '2024 Corporate Legal Operations Consortium', 'Pinyon Ballroom Expert Speakers', 'Wolters Kluwer ELM Solutions', 'contract management solution', 'competitive bidding tool', 'outside counsel experience', 'deep domain knowledge', '2024 CLOC Global Institute', 'CLOC) Global Institute', 'efficient legal ticketing', 'key performance indicators', 'Corporate Legal Department', 'Total Spend Management', 'request management process', 'Qurate Retail Group', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'innovative legal solutions', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'Frank Ready Manager', 'supercharge spend management', 'legal operations professionals', 'Technology Product Management', 'SaaS legal information', 'expert solutions', 'corporate performance', 'innovative solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'Legal professionals', 'Solutions experts', 'software solutions', 'resource management', 'global audience', 'global leader', 'legal industry', 'scalable process', 'General Manager', 'Compliance Operations', 'empowered decisions', 'exceptional results', 'multiple sectors', 'ARIA Resort', 'Las Vegas', '11am PT', 'Michele Alwin', 'Tommie Tavares-Ferreira', 'Controlling Costs', 'Increasing Compliance', 'Jeff Solomon', 'Vice President', 'Vince Venturella', 'Michelle Nenadic', 'Senior Advisor', 'Mike Stein', 'Exhibit Hall', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'External Communications', 'Associate Director', 'series', 'presentations', 'diverse', 'May', 'Casino', 'NV', 'The', 'Case', 'Attendees', 'intake', 'Legisway', 'one', 'Head', 'Cedar', 'Delivering', 'Value', 'LegalCollaborator', 'start', '3pm', 'Dell', 'Booth', 'visitors', 'bottlenecks', 'self-service', 'wolterskluwer', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'ESG', 'customers', '180 countries', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire', 'Email']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,investorsobserver.com
40546,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MICHELIN-CGDE-50910662/news/Michelin-Groupe-Michelin-completes-a-1-Billion-Bond-Issuance-46652675/,Michelin: Groupe Michelin completes a 1 Billion Bond Issuance,(marketscreener.com) Clermont-Ferrand  May 7th 2024 COMPAGNIE GÉNÉRALE DES ÉTABLISSEMENTS MICHELIN GROUPE MICHELIN COMPLETES A €1 BILLION BOND ISSUANCE Amount MaturitySettlement-deliveryCouponYieldRe-offer spread500 000 00016 May 203116 May 20243.125%3.216%49…,Clermont-Ferrand  May 7th 2024COMPAGNIE GÉNÉRALE DES ÉTABLISSEMENTS MICHELINGROUPE MICHELIN COMPLETES A €1 BILLION BOND ISSUANCEAmount (EUR) Maturity Settlement-delivery Coupon Yield Re-offer spread 500 000 000 16 May 2031 16 May 2024 3.125% 3.216% 49 bps 500 000 000 16 May 2036 16 May 2024 3.375% 3.386% 67 bpsCompagnie Générale des Etablissements Michelin (the “Company”)  the long-term senior debt of which is rated A- (stable outlook) by Standard & Poor’s and A- (stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings  has today set the terms of its Euro-denominated bond issue for an aggregate amount of €1 billion across 7-Year and 12-Year tranches.The favorable market conditions and the positive reception from investors to the issuance allowed the Company to price the issuance at a coupon of 3.125% on the 7-Year tranche and 3.375% on the 12-Year tranche.The net proceeds of this issuance will be used for general corporate purposes of the group.Placement was made across qualified investors.An application will be made for the bonds to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.The bonds are expected to be rated A- by Standard & Poor’s and A- by Fitch Ratings.Société Générale was acting as global coordinator and joint bookrunner of this bond issue  accompanied by Crédit Agricole CIB  BNP Paribas  Citigroup  Deutsche Bank  HSBC  MUFG  BofA Securities  CIC Market Solutions as joint bookrunners.This bond issuance was implemented under the EMTN Program of Group Michelin which was established in December 2023 with the French Autorité des marchés financiers.Investor Relationsinvestor-relations@michelin.comGuillaume Jullienneguillaume.jullienne@michelin.comFlavien Huetflavien.huet@michelin.comBenjamin Marcusbenjamin.marcus@michelin.comMedia Relations+33 (0) 1 45 66 22 22groupe-michelin.service.de.presse@michelin.comIndividual shareholders+33 (0) 4 73 32 23 05Muriel Floc'hlaymuriel.floc-hlay@michelin.comElisabete Antuneselisabete.antunes@michelin.comDISCLAIMERThe distribution of this press release in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons who come into possession of this press release are required to inquire about  and comply with  potential local restrictions. This press release does not constitute an offer  or an invitation to apply for  or an offer or invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities either in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they are registered or exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended. Michelin does not intend to register the offer detailed in the press release  in whole or in part  in the United States  and nor does it intend to carry out any public offer in the United States.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.95,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['1 Billion Bond Issuance', 'Groupe Michelin', 'Compagnie Générale des Etablissements Michelin', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Maturity Settlement-delivery Coupon Yield Re-offer spread', 'Société Générale', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', ""Muriel Floc'hlay muriel"", 'U.S. Securities Act', 'long-term senior debt', 'favorable market conditions', 'general corporate purposes', 'CIC Market Solutions', 'potential local restrictions', 'Euro-denominated bond issue', 'Guillaume Jullienne guillaume', 'Flavien Huet flavien', '€1 BILLION BOND ISSUANCE', 'Fitch Ratings', '12-Year tranches', 'positive reception', 'net proceeds', 'Euronext Paris', 'global coordinator', 'joint bookrunner', 'BNP Paribas', 'Deutsche Bank', 'BofA Securities', 'EMTN Program', 'Individual shareholders', 'press release', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'Media Relations', 'GROUPE MICHELIN', 'stable outlook', 'aggregate amount', '7-Year tranche', 'qualified investors', 'public offer', 'Investor Relations', 'Group Michelin', 'Standard & Poor', 'Benjamin Marcus', 'Elisabete Antunes', 'Clermont-Ferrand', '7th', 'ÉTABLISSEMENTS', 'May', 'Company', 'terms', 'Placement', 'application', 'bonds', 'Citigroup', 'HSBC', 'MUFG', 'December', 'DISCLAIMER', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'law', 'Persons', 'possession', 'invitation', 'registration', 'part', 'Attachment', '3.1']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40547,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STAR7-S-P-A-131086271/news/Star7-S-p-A-Pierluigi-Valletta-appointed-group-Chief-Financial-Officer-and-Investor-Relations-Mana-46646844/,Star7 S p A : Pierluigi Valletta appointed group Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Manager,(marketscreener.com)  STAR7 - Pierluigi Valletta appointed group Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Manager.    Valle San Bartolomeo   07 May 2024   STAR7 is pleased to announce the appointment of Pierluigi Valletta to the role of Group Ch…,"Valle San Bartolomeo (Alessandria  Italy)  07 May 2024STAR7 (EGM: ticker STAR7) is pleased to announce the appointment of Pierluigi Valletta to the role of Group Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Manager. STAR7 provides an integrated range of product-information services  from product and process engineering support to the creation and management of technical and marketing content  translation  printing and virtual experience.Pierluigi has two decades of managerial experience in administration  finance and control within multinational corporations. He takes up his new role at STAR7 following a career trajectory of rising responsibility  beginning at PwC and subsequently at Webuild Group. His expertise in financial analysis  M&A  business integration  consolidation and internal control procedures will be key to driving the growth and strategic development of the STAR7 Group.An honours graduate  Pierluigi has demonstrated throughout his career a notable ability to manage complex projects and processes  adapting flexibly to rapid changes in working environments. His proactivity in seeking operational and economic efficiencies and his positive and results-oriented attitude will be valuable assets for the Group.Lorenzo Mondo  STAR7 CEO  said: ""We are delighted to welcome Pierluigi to our team. His extensive experience and strategic vision will be key to strengthening our financial structure and supporting our ambitious growth plan. We are confident that his leadership will contribute significantly to the success of our Group.""Pierluigi Valletta officially takes office on 07/05/2024  succeeding Barbara Donadio  who has left the company and who previously held the roles of CFO and Investor Relations Manager.This press release is available on the STAR7 website www.star-7.com (in the ""Investor Relations/Press releases"" section) and on the storage system for regulated information www.1info.it.For more than 20 years  STAR7 has served its customers as a leader in the product information sector. Support for product and process engineering  creating and managing technical content  as well as marketing  translation  printing and virtual experience: STAR7's range of services means it can assist its customers throughout the product life-cycle - from design to aftersales.STAR7's hallmark has always been an approach combining specific know-how  technology and vision to offer the best possible solutions to the needs of customers and the global market. This approach has seen STAR7 strike major partnerships with leading international companies  establishing it as a reliable and credible global partner.STAR7 is part of the STAR Group network.www.star-7.comFOR MORE INFORMATION:INVESTOR RELATIONSinvestorrelations@star-7.comPierluigi Valletta  CFO and Investor Relations ManagerMob: +39 342 860 6566E-mail: pierluigi.valletta@star-7.comBlue Arrow - IR AdvisorMaria Grazia MantiniMob: +41 78 723 6840E-mail: mariagrazia.mantini@bluearrow.chMEDIA RELATIONSmediarelations@star-7.comEURONEXT GROWTH ADVISORALANTRA Capital MarketsMob: +39 334 6267243E-mail:ega@alantra.com",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.66,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer', 'Investor Relations Manager', 'Star7 S', 'Pierluigi Valletta', 'group', 'Maria Grazia Mantini Mob', 'ALANTRA Capital Markets Mob', 'Investor Relations Manager Mob', 'Group Chief Financial Officer', 'Investor Relations/Press releases', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS investorrelations', 'Valle San Bartolomeo', 'best possible solutions', 'leading international companies', 'credible global partner', 'ambitious growth plan', 'internal control procedures', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ADVISOR', 'STAR Group network', 'process engineering support', 'product information sector', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'financial analysis', 'financial structure', 'ticker STAR', 'global market', 'IR Advisor', 'Webuild Group', 'virtual experience', 'two decades', 'managerial experience', 'multinational corporations', 'rising responsibility', 'M&A', 'business integration', 'strategic development', 'honours graduate', 'notable ability', 'complex projects', 'rapid changes', 'working environments', 'economic efficiencies', 'results-oriented attitude', 'valuable assets', 'Lorenzo Mondo', 'extensive experience', 'Barbara Donadio', 'storage system', 'regulated information', 'major partnerships', 'Blue Arrow', 'product life-cycle', 'STAR7 Group', 'integrated range', 'product-information services', 'marketing content', 'new role', 'career trajectory', 'strategic vision', 'technical content', 'STAR7 CEO', 'STAR7 website', 'STAR7 strike', 'Pierluigi Valletta', 'Alessandria', 'Italy', '07 May', 'EGM', 'appointment', 'creation', 'management', 'translation', 'printing', 'administration', 'finance', 'PwC', 'expertise', 'consolidation', 'processes', 'proactivity', 'operational', 'positive', 'team', 'leadership', 'success', '07/05', 'company', 'roles', 'CFO', 'section', '20 years', 'customers', 'design', 'aftersales', 'hallmark', 'approach', 'technology', 'needs', 'reliable', 'MORE', 'mail', 'mariagrazia', 'bluearrow', 'mediarelations']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40548,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CPI-PROPERTY-GROUP-495013/news/CPI-PROPERTY-GROUP-High-Demand-for-Recent-Green-Bond-46652451/,CPI PROPERTY GROUP – High Demand for Recent Green Bond,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: CPI PROPERTY GROUP / Key word: ESG/Real EstateCPI PROPERTY GROUP – High Demand for Recent Green Bond 07.05.2024 / 18:20 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcem…,EQS-News: CPI PROPERTY GROUP / Key word(s): ESG/Real EstateCPI PROPERTY GROUP – High Demand for Recent Green Bond07.05.2024 / 18:20 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.CPI Property Group(société anonyme)40  rue de la ValléeL-2661 LuxembourgR.C.S. Luxembourg: B 102 254Press Release - Corporate NewsLuxembourg  7 May 2024CPI PROPERTY GROUP – High Demand for Recent Green BondCPI PROPERTY GROUP (“CPIPG” or the “Company”)  a leading European landlord  is pleased to announce the closing of €500 million of 5-year senior unsecured green bonds.More than €3 billion of orders were placed for the green bonds  the strongest-ever response to a bond issue by CPIPG. With a six times oversubscribed orderbook  CPIPG was able to reduce the cost significantly from initial guidance to pricing. The coupon was set at 7%  which is higher than CPIPG’s historic cost of debt. However  CPIPG proceeded with the green bonds in order to bolster liquidity and demonstrate market access in support of the Group’s credit ratings and capital structure.“Events of past few years have created many opportunities for investors to test  examine and get to know CPIPG ” said David Greenbaum  CEO. “We are grateful for the support and remain focused on delivering for all stakeholders.”Barclays  Goldman Sachs  Santander  Société Générale  Erste Group  SMBC  Raiffeisen Bank International and UniCredit acted as joint bookrunners on the transaction.CPIPG will allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds to fully retire the bridge loans related to the acquisitions of IMMOFINANZ and S IMMO. This application of proceeds meets the eligibility criteria for green bonds under CPIPG’s sustainability finance framework. In particular  both IMMOFINANZ and S IMMO have a large number of green-certified buildings which are now part of the Group.The green bonds are listed on the Main Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc (trading as Euronext Dublin) and are accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg. The green bonds  issued under the Company’s Euro Medium-Term Note Programme  are rated Baa3 by Moody’s and BBB- by Standard & Poor’s. The ISIN code for the green bonds is XS2815976126 and the Common Code is 281597612.The base prospectus and final terms for the green bonds  along with the Group’s sustainability finance framework  are available at the website of the Company (www.cpipg.com).For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsMoritz MayerManager  Capital Marketsm.mayer@cpipg.comFor more on CPI Property Group  visit our website: www.cpipg.comFollow us on X (CPIPG_SA) and LinkedIn07.05.2024 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.25,0.73,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.28,0.37,True,English,"['CPI PROPERTY GROUP', 'Recent Green Bond', 'High Demand', 'Société Générale', '5-year senior unsecured green bonds', 'Irish Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Medium-Term Note Programme', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'R.C.S. Luxembourg', 'société anonyme', 'leading European landlord', 'Raiffeisen Bank International', 'sustainability finance framework', 'CPI PROPERTY GROUP', 'Recent Green Bond', 'Moritz Mayer Manager', 'EQS Group AG', 'bond issue', 'S IMMO', 'EQS News', 'Erste Group', 'Key word', 'ESG/Real Estate', 'High Demand', 'Vallée', 'Press Release', 'Corporate News', 'strongest-ever response', 'six times', 'initial guidance', 'market access', 'credit ratings', 'capital structure', 'many opportunities', 'David Greenbaum', 'Goldman Sachs', 'joint bookrunners', 'bridge loans', 'eligibility criteria', 'large number', 'green-certified buildings', 'Main Market', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Standard & Poor', 'ISIN code', 'Common Code', 'base prospectus', 'final terms', 'Investor Relations', 'Capital Markets', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'historic cost', 'net proceeds', 'CEST Dissemination', 'EQS-News', 'CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'rue', '7 May', 'CPIPG', 'Company', 'closing', '€3 billion', 'orders', 'orderbook', 'pricing', 'coupon', 'debt', 'liquidity', 'support', 'Events', 'past', 'years', 'investors', 'CEO', 'stakeholders', 'Barclays', 'Santander', 'SMBC', 'UniCredit', 'transaction', 'amount', 'acquisitions', 'IMMOFINANZ', 'application', 'part', 'clearance', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Moody', 'website', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Archive']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40549,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2876911/0/en/FORVIA-COMBINED-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-30-MAY-2024-AVAILABILITY-OF-PREPARATORY-DOCUMENTS.html,FORVIA: COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF 30 MAY 2024 - AVAILABILITY OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS,NANTERRE (FRANCE)MAY 7th  2024  COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 30th  2024  AVAILABILITY OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS  Forvia informs its shareholders that......,NANTERRE (FRANCE)MAY 7th  2024COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 30th  2024AVAILABILITY OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTSForvia informs its shareholders that they are convened to the Combined Shareholders' Meeting to be held on May 30th  2024  at 10 a.m. (Paris time) at the registered office in Nanterre.The meeting notice was published in the Bulletin des annonces légales obligatoires (BALO) on April 24th  2024  and contains the agenda and the draft text of the resolutions which will be submitted to the vote of the shareholders at the General Meeting. The convening notice will be published in the BALO and in the legal gazette Actu-juridique.fr on May 13th  2024. The main modalities for participating in the General Meeting are detailed in these notices as well as in the convening brochure to the General Meeting.The aforementioned documents as well as any other document and information required by applicable laws and regulations can be found on the Company’s website (www.forvia.com) and/or at the registered office or upon request to Uptevia in accordance with conditions set forth by applicable laws and regulations.Shareholders are invited to regularly view the section dedicated to the 2024 Annual General Meeting  available on the Company's website  containing all useful information concerning this meeting:https://investors.forvia.com/en/investors/shareholders/shareholders-meetingsIt is specified that in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations:any registered shareholder may  from the date of the notice until the fifth (5 th ) day inclusive before the General Meeting  ask the Company to send them the documents referred to in Articles R. 225-81 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code. For holders of bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the provision of a certificate of registration in the bearer share accounts held by the authorized intermediary;) day inclusive before the General Meeting  ask the Company to send them the documents referred to in Articles R. 225-81 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code. For holders of bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the provision of a certificate of registration in the bearer share accounts held by the authorized intermediary; any shareholder may  from the convening notice and at least for a period of fifteen (15) days preceding the date of the General Meeting  read at the Company's headquarters the documents referred to in Articles R.225-83 and L. 225-115 of the French Commercial Code.PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS Christophe MALBRANQUEGroup Influence Director+33 (0) 6 21 96 23 53christophe.malbranque@forvia.com Marc MAILLETGroup Head of Investor Relations+33 (0) 1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comIria MONTOUTOGroup Media Relations Officer+33 (0) 6 01 03 19 89iria.montouto@forvia.comSébastien LEROYDeputy Head of Investor Relations+33 (0) 1 72 36 78 74sebastien.leroy@forvia.comAbout FORVIA  whose mission is: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.FORVIA  7th global automotive technology supplier  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With over 290 industrial sites and 76 R&D centers  157 000 people  including more than 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of 6 business groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 14 000 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. In 2023  the Group achieved a consolidated revenue of 27.2 billion euros. FORVIA SE is listed on the Euronext Paris market under the FRVIA mnemonic code and is a component of the CAC Next 20 and CAC SBT 1.5° indices. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS', 'FORVIA', '30 MAY', 'AVAILABILITY', 'Bulletin des annonces légales obligatoires', 'Iria MONTOUTO Group Media Relations Officer', '7th global automotive technology supplier', 'Christophe MALBRANQUE Group Influence Director', 'Marc MAILLET Group Head', 'legal gazette Actu-juridique', 'French Commercial Code', 'strong IP portfolio', 'FRVIA mnemonic code', 'bearer share accounts', 'Euronext Paris market', 'CAC SBT 1.5° indices', '76 R&D centers', '15,000 R&D engineers', 'Sébastien LEROY', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', '2024 Annual General Meeting', ""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'automotive challenges', 'Investor Relations', 'Deputy Head', 'complementary technology', 'Paris time', 'bearer shares', 'CAC Next', 'April 24th', 'draft text', 'main modalities', 'convening brochure', 'other document', 'applicable laws', 'fifth (5 th', 'authorized intermediary', 'fifteen (15) days', 'PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'mobility experiences', 'industrial strengths', '290 industrial sites', '40+ countries', 'comprehensive approach', '6 business groups', 'preferred innovation', 'integration partner', 'consolidated revenue', '27.2 billion euros', 'change maker', 'mobility transformation', 'MAY 30th', 'May 13th', 'convening notice', 'registered office', 'useful information', 'registered shareholder', 'L.', 'PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS', 'FORVIA SE', 'R.', 'NANTERRE', 'FRANCE', 'AVAILABILITY', '10 a', 'BALO', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'vote', 'notices', 'regulations', 'Company', 'website', 'request', 'Uptevia', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'section', 'meetings', 'Articles', 'exercise', 'right', 'provision', 'certificate', 'registration', 'period', 'headquarters', 'sebastien', 'mission', 'people', 'Faurecia', 'HELLA', 'unique', 'today', 'tomorrow', '14,000 patents', 'OEMS', 'component', 'Attachment']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40550,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GETLINK-SE-54576/news/Getlink-Combined-General-Meeting-of-7-May-2024-46652516/,Getlink Combined General Meeting of 7 May 2024,(marketscreener.com) Massive approval of all resolutions put to the votePayment of a dividend of 55 euro cents per shareRenewal of the mandates of Jean-Marc Janaillac and Sharon Flood and ratification of the co-option of Jean Mouton.https://www.m…,"Massive approval of all resolutions put to the vote Payment of a dividend of 55 euro cents per share Renewal of the mandates of Jean-Marc Janaillac and Sharon Flood and ratification of the co-option of Jean Mouton.Regulatory News:Getlink SE's (Paris:GET) Combined General Meeting was held at ""Châteauform' George V""  28 George V  Paris (75008) on Tuesday 7 May 2024 under the chairmanship of Jacques Gounon.The quorum of shareholders present or represented  based on a total of 419 589  171 shares present or represented  reached the record level of 77.57% of shares with voting rights this year.All the resolutions put to the vote by the Board were overwhelmingly approved1. After approving the parent company and consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023  the General Meeting voted to approve the various items of remuneration for corporate officers  with scores of over 96.95% and up to 99.78%  as well as the distribution of a dividend of €0 55 per share entitled to dividends.The Meeting also approved :The renewal of the terms of office as Directors of Jean-Marc Janaillac and Sharon Flood and the ratification of the co-option of Jean Mouton. The Board remains composed of 15 members  with almost 42% women directors (excluding employee representatives) and an independence rate of 50%.The amendment to Article 19 of the Articles of Association relating to the age limit for the Chairman  the purpose of which is to confirm the Board's intention to maintain the Chairman in office until the end of his term of office as Director  i.e. until the 2026 Annual General Meeting.The appointment of MAZARS SA and KPMG SA as statutory auditors certifying the sustainability information  within the framework of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).On the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the opening of the Channel Tunnel  Jacques Gounon  Chairman of the Board  warmly thanked all the builders and all the shareholders who have supported and shown their loyalty to the Group over all these years.About GetlinkGetlink SE (Euronext Paris: GET)  through its subsidiary Eurotunnel  is the concession holder until 2086 for the Channel Tunnel infrastructure and operates Truck Shuttles and Passenger Shuttles (cars and coaches) between Folkestone (UK) and Calais (France). Since 31 December 2020  Eurotunnel has been developing smart border services to ensure that the Tunnel remains the fastest  most reliable  easiest and most environmentally friendly way to cross the Channel. Since it opened in 1994  almost 500 million people and more than 102 million vehicles have travelled through the Channel Tunnel. This unique land link  which carries a quarter of all trade between the Continent and the United Kingdom  has become a vital link  strengthened by the ElecLink electricity interconnector installed in the Tunnel  which helps to balance energy needs between France and the United Kingdom. Getlink completes its sustainable mobility services with its rail freight subsidiary Europorte. Committed to ""low-carbon"" services that control their impact on the environment (through its activities the Group avoids the equivalent of 1.9 million tonnes of CO2 per year)  Getlink has made the place of people  nature and the territories a central concern.https://www.getlinkgroup.com1 Details of the votes cast on each resolution has been published on the Group's website  in the section dedicated to Getlink's Combined General Meeting:https://www.getlinkgroup.com/en/shareholders-investors/2024-general-meeting/View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240507396529/en/",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,positive,0.71,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['Getlink Combined General Meeting', '7 May', ""Châteauform' George V"", 'Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'environmentally friendly way', 'ElecLink electricity interconnector', 'smart border services', 'sustainable mobility services', 'unique land link', 'rail freight subsidiary', 'Combined General Meeting', '2026 Annual General Meeting', 'Channel Tunnel infrastructure', '28 George V', 'corporate officers', 'sustainability information', 'low-carbon"" services', 'vital link', 'Massive approval', '55 euro cents', 'Jean-Marc Janaillac', 'Sharon Flood', 'Jean Mouton', 'Regulatory News', 'Tuesday 7 May', 'Jacques Gounon', 'record level', 'voting rights', 'parent company', 'financial statements', 'various items', 'employee representatives', 'independence rate', 'age limit', 'MAZARS SA', 'KPMG SA', 'statutory auditors', '30th anniversary', 'subsidiary Eurotunnel', 'concession holder', 'Truck Shuttles', 'Passenger Shuttles', 'reliable, easiest', '102 million vehicles', 'United Kingdom', 'energy needs', '1.9 million tonnes', 'central concern', 'source version', 'Euronext Paris', '42% women directors', '500 million people', 'Paris:GET', 'Getlink SE', 'resolutions', 'vote', 'dividend', 'share', 'Renewal', 'mandates', 'ratification', 'option', 'chairmanship', 'quorum', 'total', 'Board', 'year', 'remuneration', 'scores', 'distribution', 'terms', '15 members', 'amendment', 'Article', 'Association', 'purpose', 'intention', 'appointment', 'framework', 'CSRD', 'occasion', 'opening', 'builders', 'loyalty', 'Group', 'cars', 'coaches', 'Folkestone', 'UK', 'Calais', 'France', '31 December', 'quarter', 'trade', 'Continent', 'Europorte', 'impact', 'activities', 'equivalent', 'CO2', 'place', 'nature', 'territories', '1 Details', 'website', 'section', 'businesswire', '99.78']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40551,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-54466/news/Valneva-Q1-2024-Financial-Results-46643268/,Valneva : Q1 2024 Financial Results,(marketscreener.com)   Valneva's Q1 2024   Financial Results and Business Update   May 7  2024       Disclaimer   This presentation does not contain or constitute an offer of  or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for ...https:…,"DisclaimerThis presentation does not contain or constitute an offer of  or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for  Valneva SE shares to any person in the USA or in any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.Valneva is a European company. Information distributed is subject to European disclosure requirements that are different from those of the United States. Financial statements and information may be prepared according to accounting standards which may not be comparable to those used generally by companies in the United States.This presentation includes only summary information provided as of the date of this presentation only and does not purport to be comprehensive. Any information in this presentation is purely indicative and subject to modification at any time without notice. Valneva does not warrant the completeness  accuracy or correctness of the information or opinions contained in this presentation. None of Valneva  or any of its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees is under any obligation to update such information or shall bear any liability for any loss arising from any use of this presentation. The information has not been subject to independent verification and is qualified in its entirety by the business  financial and other information that Valneva is required to publish in accordance with the rules  regulations and practices applicable to companies listed on Euronext Paris and the NASDAQ Global Select Market  including in particular the risk factors described in Valneva's universal registration document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des MarchésFinanciers  or AMF) on March 22  2024 (document d'enregistrement universel 2023)under number D. 24-0157 (the ""2023 URD"")  and in the Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 22  2024  as well as the information in any other periodic report and in any other press release  which are available free of charge on the websites of Valneva (www.valneva.com) and/or the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and SEC (www.sec.gov).",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['Q1 2024 Financial Results', 'Valneva', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Autorité des Marchés', 'U.S. Securities', 'other periodic report', 'other press release', 'European disclosure requirements', 'universal registration document', 'Financial statements', 'business, financial', 'European company', 'United States', 'accounting standards', 'independent verification', 'Euronext Paris', 'NASDAQ Global', 'Select Market', 'risk factors', 'enregistrement universel', 'number D.', 'Exchange Commission', 'amf-france.org', 'other information', 'summary information', 'Valneva SE', 'Disclaimer', 'presentation', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'person', 'USA', 'jurisdiction', 'companies', 'date', 'modification', 'time', 'notice', 'completeness', 'accuracy', 'correctness', 'opinions', 'None', 'affiliates', 'directors', 'officers', 'advisors', 'employees', 'obligation', 'liability', 'loss', 'use', 'entirety', 'accordance', 'rules', 'regulations', 'practices', 'Financiers', '2023 URD', 'charge', 'websites']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40552,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOGO-47342206/news/Success-of-the-capital-increase-with-preferential-subscription-rights-4-25m-raised-46651926/,Success of the capital increase with preferential subscription rights: 4.25m raised,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   Montpellier  07 May 2024   This document must not be published  transmitted or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United   States  Canada  Australia or Japan   Success of the capital increase   …,"Press release Montpellier  07 May 2024 This document must not be published  transmitted or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan Success of the capital increase with preferential subscription rights: €4.25m raised Gross proceeds of the transaction of €4.25m  i.e. net proceeds of around €4.05mIssue of 1 053 230 new shares at a price of €4.04 per shareSettlement-delivery and listing of the new shares on 13 May 2024 VOGO (ISIN: FR0011532225 - ALVGO) is announcing the success of its capital increase in cash with preferential subscription rights of shareholders (the ""Transaction"") for a total amount of €4.25m. Christophe Carniel  Co-Founder and Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of VOGO  said: ""We are very pleased with the success of the capital increase  which gained the support of our historical shareholders and that of new investors  including major players in the world of sport. We would also like to thank ABEO  our strategic partner since 2020  which has once again placed its trust in us in this turning point for our Company. Together  we will use the proceeds of the fundraising to support the ramp-up of our new TaaS (Technology as a Service) model while stepping up our international sales momentum and continuing to innovate to strengthen our technological edge. Thanks to the trust of its shareholders and the dedication of its employees  VOGO is now perfectly prepared to take full advantage of the intense sporting year in 2024!"" Results of the capital increase with PSR The Transaction was implemented on the basis of the tenth resolution of the Combined General Meeting of Shareholders of 12 June 2023  at a price of €4.04 per share  for a nominal discount of 15% relative to the volume-weighted average of the last three trading days preceding the launch date of the Transaction (17.21% discount on the closing price of the day before the launch date of the Transaction). This press release and the information herein does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to securities in France or any other country.Press release Montpellier  07 May 2024 This document must not be published  transmitted or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan At the end of the subscription period ending on 2 May 2024  subscription requests totalled 1 053 230 shares  for a total of €4 255 049.20  composed as follows: irrevocable subscriptions of €3 495 832.20 corresponding to the issue of 865 305 new ordinary shares subscriptions for excess shares of €15 865.08 corresponding to the issue of 3 927 new ordinary shares  andfree subscriptions of €743 351.92 corresponding to the issue of 183 998 new ordinary shares. Subscription requests on a reducible and unrestricted basis have been fully allocated. Firm subscription commitments totalling €2.36m were met  representing 585 082 new ordinary shares. The gross proceeds of the Transaction  including the issue premium  thus amount to €4 255 049.20. The capital increase with preferential subscription rights has provided VOGO with new financial resources enabling it to: accelerate its international sales momentum  in Africa  the Middle East  Asia and North Americafinance the capital requirement related to the shift to a TaaS modelfinance innovation programmes in concussion-detection assistance and the improvement of sports performanceconcussion-detection assistance and the improvement of sports performance cover the purchase of ABEO's stake in VOGOSCOPE (2023 Annual Results press release). Impact of the Transaction on VOGO's capital Following the Transaction  the Company's share capital  amounting to €759 548.875  will consist of 6 076 391 ordinary shares. The breakdown of the Company's shareholding structure before the completion of the Transaction was as follows: Shareholders Number of % of share Voting % voting shares capital rights rights SAS TWO C(1) 749.981 14.93% 1 305 081 18.10% SAS ESPE(2) 583.960 11.63% 1 167 920 16.19% Daniel Dedisse 269.499 5.37% 537.198 7.45% This press release and the information herein does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to securities in France or any other country.Press release Montpellier  07 May 2024 This document must not be published  transmitted or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan Véronique Puyau 74.600 1.49% 149.200 2.07% Sub-total founders 1 678 040 33.41% 3 159 399 43.80% IRDI/SORIDEC 30.072 0.60% 30.072 0.42% Jeremie LR 60.144 1.20% 120.288 1.67% Sub-total institutional 90.216 1.80% 150.360 2.09% investors ABEO 967 070 19.25% 967 070 13.41% Treasury shares 27.172 0.54% 0 0% Free float 2 260 663 45.00% 2 936 451 40.71% TOTAL 5 023 161 100% 7 213 280 100% Company with a share capital of 66.6% owned by Christophe Carniel  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Company with a share capital of 95% owned by Pierre Keiflin  Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Company's shareholder structure after the completion of the Transaction will be as follows: Shareholders Number of % of share Voting % voting shares capital rights rights SAS TWO C(1) 835.624 13.75% 1 390 724 16.82% SAS ESPE(2) 591.385 9.73% 1 175 345 14.22% Daniel Dedisse 271.999 4.48% 539.698 6.53% Véronique Puyau 75.100 1.24% 149.700 1.81% Sub-total founders 1 774 108 29.20% 3 255 467 39.38% IRDI/SORIDEC 30.072 0.49% 30.072 0.36% Jeremie LR 60.144 0.99% 120.288 1.46% This press release and the information herein does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to securities in France or any other country.Press release Montpellier  07 May 2024 This document must not be published  transmitted or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan Sub-total institutional 90.216 1.48% 150.360 1.82% investors ABEO 1 370 198 22.55% 1 370 198 16.58% Treasury shares 27.172 0.45% 0 0% Free float 2 814 697 46.32% 3 490 485 42.22% TOTAL 6 076 391 100% 8 266 510 100% Lock-up agreement The Company has entered into a 180-daylock-up agreement following the settlement-delivery date of the Transaction  subject to the usual exceptions. Settlement-delivery The new shares will be settled and admitted to trading on Euronext Growth on 13 May 2024. Newly issued shares will be equivalent to existing shares and bear immediate dividend rights on the Euronext Growth market under the same ISIN  FR0011532225  and ticker  ALVGO. Risk factors The risk factors relating to the Company and its business are set out in VOGO's annual and half- yearly reports  available on the Company's website (www.vogo-group.com). The occurrence of some or all of these risks may have an adverse impact on the Company's business  financial position  results  development or outlook. Prospectus Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF)  the Transaction does not require the filing of a prospectus with the AMF for approval as the total amount of the offer calculated over a period of twelve months does not exceed €8m. This press release and the information herein does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to securities in France or any other country.",positive,0.84,0.16,0.01,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['preferential subscription rights', 'capital increase', 'Success', 'TaaS model finance innovation programmes', 'last three trading days', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'international sales momentum', 'intense sporting year', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Véronique Puyau', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Firm subscription commitments', 'new financial resources', 'Voting % voting shares', 'capital rights rights', '865,305 new ordinary shares', '3,927 new ordinary shares', '183,998 new ordinary shares', '585,082 new ordinary shares', 'new TaaS', 'Service) model', '6,076,391 ordinary shares', '1,053,230 new shares', 'subscription period', 'subscription requests', 'excess shares', 'Treasury shares', 'new investors', 'Press release', 'United States', 'capital increase', 'Christophe Carniel', 'major players', 'strategic partner', 'turning point', 'technological edge', 'full advantage', 'tenth resolution', 'nominal discount', 'volume-weighted average', 'launch date', 'other country', 'Middle East', 'North America', 'capital requirement', 'concussion-detection assistance', 'sports performance', 'shareholding structure', 'TWO C', 'Daniel Dedisse', 'Sub-total founders', 'Jeremie LR', 'Free float', 'Pierre Keiflin', 'shareholder structure', 'Gross proceeds', 'net proceeds', 'irrevocable subscriptions', 'free subscriptions', 'total amount', 'unrestricted basis', 'share capital', 'SAS ESPE', 'historical shareholders', 'Shareholders Number', 'closing price', 'issue premium', 'The Company', '1,053,230 shares', '2.09% investors', 'Montpellier', '07 May', 'document', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'Success', 'transaction', 'Settlement-delivery', 'listing', '13 May', 'VOGO', 'ISIN', 'ALVGO', 'cash', 'Chairman', 'support', 'world', 'ABEO', 'trust', 'ramp-up', 'Technology', 'dedication', 'employees', 'Results', 'PSR', '12 June', 'information', 'solicitation', 'offer', 'securities', 'France', 'end', '2 May', 'reducible', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'shift', 'improvement', 'purchase', 'stake', 'Impact', 'breakdown', 'completion', 'IRDI/SORIDEC', 'institutional', '2024']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40553,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQUASENS-23277319/news/Equasens-Q1-2024-revenue-46652199/,Equasens: Q1 2024 revenue,(marketscreener.com) Villers-lès-Nancy  7 May 2024 - 6:00 p.m. PRESS RELEASE Q1 2024 revenue: €53.3 million Contributions from new acquisitions offset the base effect from the Ségur digital healthcare investment programme.The Divisions that sell equipment are…,Villers-lès-Nancy  7 May 2024 - 6:00 p.m. (CET)PRESS RELEASEQ1 2024 revenue: €53.3 millionContributions from new acquisitions offset the base effect from the Ségur digital healthcare investment programme.The Divisions that sell equipment are heavily impacted by the economic context. 2024 outlook: after a phase of significant investment  the Group is targeting a return to growth beginning in H2.Q1 revenue (€m) 2023 reported basis 2024 reported basis Change / Reported basis - Ségur2024 +Ségur2023 - External growth Change / Like-for-like Group 56.2 53.3 -2.9 -5.2% 0.3 1.4 2.0 -3.8 -6.7% Pharmagest 42.3 39.8 -2.5 -5.9% 0.1 0.9 1.9 -3.6 -8.6% Axigate Link 7.2 7.8 0.6 8.4% 0.1 0.5 1.0 13.6% e-Connect 4.0 2.9 -1.1 -28.2% -1.1 -28.2% Medical Solutions 2.2 2.1 -0.1 -4.0% 0.1 0.1 0.1 -0.2 -9.2% Fintech 0.5 0.6 0.2 37.6% 0.2 37.6%Equasens Group reported revenue in the first quarter of €53.3m  down 5.2% from Q1 2023  with a marginal improvement on Q4 2023 (-5.5%).Operating highlights:The acquisitions completed in 2023 and early 2024 are already contributing to Q1 sales (€2.0m)  confirming their fit with the Group's strategy.Acquisitions within the PHARMAGEST Division:ATOOPHARM  specialist in e-learning solutions (continuing education) for pharmacists and their teams EQUASENS GERMANY (pharmacy software solutions) DIGIPHARMACIE  digital accounts payable management solutions for pharmacies.PRATILOG  a provider of software solutions for private practice doctors and allied health professionals working in hospitals  has been added to the MEDICAL SOLUTIONS Division's offering.The unfavourable economic climate is having a more significant impact on the Group's hardware divisions  particularly PHARMAGEST and E-CONNECT. The adverse effect of drug shortages  increased sales of expensive drugs with capped mark-ups and high interest rates on pharmacy margins have contributed to a significant slowdown in investment. This trend  combined with the increase in pharmacy closures  is directly reflected in the Group's financial statements.Q1 revenue / Business (€m) 2023Reported basis 2024Reported basis Change / Reported basis Sale of configurations and hardware 26.0 21.5 -4.5 -17.3% Scalable maintenance and professional training services 18.5 19.7 -4.5 6.1% New software solutions and subscriptions 11.2 11.6 0.4 3.8% Other services (including intermediation) 0.5 0.5 4.7%At the same time  the growth of all businesses  with the exception of equipment sales  highlights the relevance of the Group's strategy in adapting to new market trends by increasing its SaaS offering.The PHARMAGEST Division had Q1 revenue of €39.8m  down 5.9% from last year’s first quarter.This Division  with a significant European footprint  accounts for 75% of Equasens Group's revenue.The French Pharmacy Business Unit which today accounts for 84% of the Division's total sales  was down 11% in Q1 compared with Q1 2023: Although configuration and equipment sales are down sharply  particularly on the configuration side  new equipment offerings are attracting strong interest in France. These solutions  such as the self-service kiosk  which are designed to improve the in-store experience for customers and free up counter time for pharmacy staff  have met with significant success. Scalable maintenance and professional training services were reinforced by ATOOPHARM's contribution and the impact of revisions to maintenance contracts. Bolstered by value-added offerings for pharmacies  particularly in SaaS mode  such as id.Décisionnel (a business intelligence solution) and id.Safe (outsourced back-up)  licence and subscription sales continued to grow .The AXIGATE LINK Division had Q1 revenue of €7.8m  up 8.4% on Q1 2023.This Division accounted for 15% of Equasens Group's total revenue.The Division's success is mainly driven by the nursing home sector (MALTA INFORMATIQUE) in France and Belgium  which accounts for 60% of its total revenue  with growth of 15% in Q1 2024 compared with Q1 2023.The E-CONNECT Division had revenue of €2.9m  down 28.2% from Q1 2023.This Division accounted for 5% of Equasens Group's total revenue.This decline is due in part to the economic climate  but above all to an unfavourable base effect from particularly strong sales in H1 2023 as new regulations resulted in large orders for mobile SESAM-Vitale health insurance smartcard readers. In particular  this temporary increase was driven by the discontinued sale of the previous health insurance smartcard reader effective 31 July 2023 imposed by public authorities.The MEDICAL SOLUTIONS Division had quarterly revenue of €2.1m  down 4% on Q1 2023.This Division accounted for 4% of Equasens Group's total revenue.In 2023  the Ségur programme helped consolidate the Division's customer base through the widespread use of the MédiStory 4 version. In Q1 2024  revenue returned to a normal level. It should be noted that recurring revenue now accounts for 50% of total revenue.The FINTECH Division had revenue of €0.6m  up 37.6% in Q1 2024.This Division accounted for 1% of Equasens Group's total revenue.The Division took advantage of the stability of the financial markets and interest rates to rebuild its revenue.2024 outlookEquasens Group maintains its forecasts  anticipating a marginal upturn in growth from the second half of 2024  followed by a significant acceleration from 2025. This outlook is based on its confidence in the resilience of healthcare professionals in meeting today's challenges  and in their ability to reinvest very quickly.The Group is continuing to invest in innovative new offerings for healthcare professionals  with an emphasis on SaaS solutions.Thanks to its strong investment capacity  the Group remains open to external growth opportunities that fit with its strategy focusing on interoperability between healthcare professionals and their patients  and on strengthening its presence in Europe.Financial calendar:27 June 2024: Annual General Meeting Equasens Group will propose at the Annual General Meeting the payment of a dividend of €1.25 per share for fiscal 2023. The General Meeting will be held at the registered office in Villers-lès-Nancy. Shareholders are invited to regularly consult the section devoted to the General Meeting on its website www.equasens.com - Section Investors/ General Meeting for information about the procedures for participating.2 August 2024: Publication Q2/H1 revenue27 September 2024: Publication of H1 2024 results30 September 2024: Presentation of H1 2024 results7 November 2024: Publication of Q3 2024 revenue6 February 2025: Publication of f Q4/FY 2024 revenueAbout Group EquasensWith more than 1 300 employees  Equasens Group is today a key player in the European healthcare sector  providing software solutions to all healthcare professionals (pharmacists  primary care practitioners  hospitals  hospital-at-home programmes  retirement homes  health centres) in both primary and secondary care sectors.With operations in in France  Germany  Great Britain  Belgium  Ireland  Italy  and Luxembourg  Equasens Group today brings together healthcare professionals within a unique ecosystem in France and Europe benefiting people by making available the very best of technology.Listed on Euronext Paris™ - Compartment BIndexes: MSCI GLOBAL SMALL CAP - GAÏA Index 2020 - CAC® SMALL and CAC® All-TradableIncluded in the Euronext Tech Leaders segment and the European Rising Tech labelEligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (“Service à Réglement Différé” - SRD) and equity savings accounts invested in small and mid caps (PEA-PME).ISIN: FR 0012882389 – Ticker Code: EQSGet all the news about the Equasens Group www.equasens.com and on LinkedInCONTACTSAnalyst and Investor Relations:Chief Administrative and Financial Officer: Frédérique SchmidtTel: +33 (0)3 83 15 90 67 - frederique.schmidt@equasens.comMedia Relations:FIN’EXTENSO - Isabelle AprileTel.: +33 (0)6 17 38 61 78 - i.aprile@finextenso.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.19,0.55,True,English,"['Q1 2024 revenue', 'Equasens', 'mobile SESAM-Vitale health insurance smartcard readers', 'Ségur digital healthcare investment programme', 'previous health insurance smartcard reader', 'digital accounts payable management solutions', 'The French Pharmacy Business Unit', 'PRESS RELEASE Q1 2024 revenue', 'The AXIGATE LINK Division', 'The MEDICAL SOLUTIONS Division', 'Ségur programme', 'private practice doctors', 'business intelligence solution', 'nursing home sector', 'MédiStory 4 version', 'professional training services', 'new market trends', 'high interest rates', 'pharmacy software solutions', 'significant European footprint', 'New software solutions', 'unfavourable economic climate', 'unfavourable base effect', 'Reported basis Change', 'The E-CONNECT Division', 'The FINTECH Division', 'External growth Change', 'The PHARMAGEST Division', 'new equipment offerings', 'H2. Q1 revenue', 'health professionals', 'The Division', 'significant investment', 'pharmacy margins', 'pharmacy closures', 'pharmacy staff', 'Other services', 'new regulations', 'strong interest', 'value-added offerings', 'economic context', 'adverse effect', 'customer base', 'significant slowdown', 'Villers-lès-Nancy', 'first quarter', 'marginal improvement', 'Operating highlights', 'continuing education', 'EQUASENS GERMANY', 'drug shortages', 'expensive drugs', 'capped mark-ups', 'financial statements', 'Scalable maintenance', 'same time', 'last year', 'self-service kiosk', 'store experience', 'counter time', 'maintenance contracts', 'SaaS mode', 'Décisionnel', 'MALTA INFORMATIQUE', 'large orders', 'public authorities', 'widespread use', 'normal level', 'new acquisitions', 'total revenue', 'quarterly revenue', 'recurring revenue', 'equipment sales', 'total sales', 'subscription sales', 'strong sales', 'significant impact', 'significant success', 'hardware divisions', 'basis Sale', 'SaaS offering', 'configuration side', 'id.Safe', 'temporary increase', 'Equasens Group', 'Q1 sales', '7 May', 'CET', 'Contributions', '2024 outlook', 'phase', 'return', 'Q4', 'fit', 'strategy', 'ATOOPHARM', 'specialist', 'pharmacists', 'teams', 'DIGIPHARMACIE', 'pharmacies', 'PRATILOG', 'provider', 'allied', 'hospitals', 'configurations', 'subscriptions', 'intermediation', 'businesses', 'exception', 'relevance', 'France', 'customers', 'revisions', 'back', 'licence', 'Belgium', 'decline', 'part', 'H1', '6:00']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40554,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAAT-PHARMA-128358114/news/MaaT-Pharma-Provides-a-Business-Update-and-Highlights-Key-Milestones-Expected-in-2024-46652528/,MaaT Pharma Provides a Business Update and Highlights Key Milestones Expected in 2024,(marketscreener.com) Positive efficacy and safety data of MaaT013 in aGvHD in the Early Access Program presented at the EBMT 2024 annual meeting with 63% GI-ORR at D28  a 49% one year and 42% 18 months Overall Survival in patients similar to those included …,Positive efficacy and safety data of MaaT013 in aGvHD in the Early Access Program presented at the EBMT 2024 annual meeting with 63% GI-ORR at D28  a 49% one year and 42% 18 months Overall Survival (OS) in patients similar to those included in the ARES Phase 3 clinical trial. Primary endpoint readout  GI-ORR at D28  of the ARES Phase 3 clinical trial in aGvHD expected for mid Q4-2024. Production of batches of MaaT013 destined for clinical supply in the US. Participation in a randomized multicenter investigator-sponsored Phase 2 trial evaluating MaaT033 concomitant to anti-PD1 treatment in advanced lung cancer patients. This trial is sponsored by Institut Gustave Roussy  steering cutting-edge research in the microbiome field  as part of the IMMUNOLIFE program  a consortium including researchers and biotech companies. Completion of patient recruitment for the Phase 1 clinical trial IASO  evaluating MaaT033 for patients with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to enhancing survival for patients with cancer  today provided a business update and highlights its key milestones for 2024.Hervé Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma said: “We're confidently advancing towards Phase 3 results for MaaT013  meeting milestones and delivering value for shareholders. Recent data at the EBMT annual congress underscores MaaT013's potential in aGvHD where therapeutic options are insufficient. We are also thrilled to partner with Institut Gustave Roussy (IGR)  a world-renowned center in cancer treatment to explore MaaT033's impact on immune checkpoint inhibitors’ response in non-small cell lung cancer patients  and therefore deepening our development in immuno-oncology. This collaboration further strengthens MaaT Pharma’s leading position in oncology and the medical community’s interest in microbiome drug candidates.”Pipeline highlightsMET-NMaaT013In hemato-oncology: In March 2024   the Company announced the launch of a retrospective multicenter trial called CHRONOS in Europe. Its objective is to provide the Company efficacy data for 3rd-line therapies for patients not receiving MaaT013 or any microbiome intervention. This study was not requested by regulatory authorities and does not impact cash projections as funding has already been secured. In April 2024   at the 50 th annual meeting of the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (EBMT)  the Company presented positive efficacy and safety results in 140 patients treated with MaaT013 in acute graft-versus-host disease (aGvHD) as part of the Early Access Program (EAP). The data presented demonstrates a clear reduction in disease burden and an improved Overall Survival (OS)  and highlighted MaaT013's good safety profile. The results in the 49-patient “ARES-like” subgroup  with the same characteristics as those of the Phase 3 ARES trial (NCT04769895) demonstrated 63% GI-ORR at D28 and Overall Survival (OS) of 49% at one year and 42% at 18 months. This represents a significant increase when compared with the historical data published by Abedin et al. (used by the medical community as the most recent reference) which showed a limited 15% OS at one year in a similar population. Primary endpoint readout  GI-ORR at D28  of the ARES Phase 3 clinical trial in aGvHD is expected for mid Q4-2024.In immuno-oncology: In March 2024   the Company informed on the completion of patient recruitment for the Phase 2a clinical trial PICASSO (NCT04988841) sponsored by AP-HP and in collaboration with INRAE and Institut Gustave Roussy  evaluating MaaT013 in combination with Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors (ICI). Topline results expected in Q4 2024/Q1 2025.MaaT033In immuno-oncology: MaaT Pharma announces its participation in the IMMUNOLIFE RHU 1 program  a consortium including academic partners  such as Institut Gustave Roussy (IGR)  a world-renowned center in the field of cancer treatment  and biotech companies. IMMUNOLIFE aims to solve the significant problem of primary resistance to immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) observed in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients following antibiotic uptake. MaaT033  an oral  pooled fecal microbiotherapy  developed by MaaT Pharma will be tested as a concomitant treatment to anti-PD1 therapy to increase the ICI response rate in this Phase 2 randomized multicenter clinical trial including advanced NSCLC patients. Participation in this program will also grant access to clinical and metagenomic data from a large cohort of cancer patients (bladder  lung and renal) which will be used to improve MaaT Pharma’s artificial intelligence (AI) gutPrint ® platform. The related costs for MaaT Pharma are limited to clinical product supply in line with previous cash projections.In neurodegenerative diseases: In February 2024   the Company announced that the Data Safety and Monitoring Board (DSMB) reviewed safety data in the first 8 patients with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) treated with MaaT033 in the Phase 1 clinical trial IASO (NCT05889572). The DSMB  composed of 4 independent experts  including an ALS patient association representative  concluded that safety was good and recommended that the trial continue without modifications. MaaT Pharma announces the completion of patient recruitment for IASO.MET-CMaaT034In immuno-oncology: In April 2024   at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting 2024 in San Diego  California  the Company presented new in vitro data characterizing the metabolites produced by MaaT034 and their impact on immune modulation. MaaT034 may be the first full-co-cultivated ecosystem therapy for immuno-oncology  combining a diverse array of supportive species with functional networks of interest to improve the response to immune checkpoint inhibitors. The results demonstrate that MaaT034 produced key metabolites  recognized as promoting gut barrier restoration and modulating immune responses. This represents a significant advancement in understanding the mechanism of action (MoA) of co-cultured microbiome therapies developed by MaaT Pharma marking a major step towards clinical evaluation.Corporate updateIn March 2024   the Company announced the appointment of Jonathan Chriqui  PharmD  as Chief Business Officer and member of the executive management team. Jonathan will be responsible for MaaT Pharma’s business development and partnering strategies  increasing the Company’s ability to secure partnership deals  in line with its strategic objectives.  the Company announced the appointment of Jonathan Chriqui  PharmD  as Chief Business Officer and member of the executive management team. Jonathan will be responsible for MaaT Pharma’s business development and partnering strategies  increasing the Company’s ability to secure partnership deals  in line with its strategic objectives. MaaT Pharma has engaged in active discussions with prominent US clinicians in the field of stem cell transplantation to explore the most efficient path forward to introduce MaaT013 to patients in the United States. The Company is pleased to announce the production of batches of MaaT013 destined for clinical supply in the US as the Company pursues the readiness phase in advance of clinical study initiation.The Company believes it has sufficient cash to finance operations to the end of Q3 2024. While the Company does not have sufficient cash to finance its operations for the next twelve months  it has active ongoing discussions to finance operations beyond the end of Q3 2024 and remains confident in extending its cash runway.Key value creation milestones in 2024MaaT013 Mid-Q4: Primary endpoint readout (GI-ORR at D28) from the ARES Phase 3 clinical trial in aGvHD Q4 2024/Q1 2025: Topline results of the PICASSO Phase 2a clinical trial in metastatic melanomaMaaT033 H2 2024: First DSMB 2 of the PHOEBUS Phase 2b clinical trial in allo-HSCT H2 2024: Results of the IASO Phase 1 clinical trial in ALSMaaT034 H1 2024: Candidate selection H2 2024: Start of the production of the first cGMP batchUpcoming investor and business conferences participationJune 3-6  2024 – BIO 2024June 11-12  2024 – Portzamparc Mid & Small Caps 2024 ConferenceJune 25-27  2024 – Stifel European Healthcare Summit LyonJuly 10-12  2024 – Microbiome Movement Drug Development Summit---About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a leading clinical-stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma initiated an open-label  single-arm Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute GvHD  building on the positive results of its Phase 2 proof-of-concept study. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  enables the identification of novel disease targets  evaluation of drug candidates  and identification of biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 Contract N° ANR-21-RHUS-0017 – RHU stands for Recherche Hospitalo-Universitaire - University Hospital Research2 at the recruitment of 60 patientsView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240507829097/en/,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.21,0.26,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Business Update', 'Key Milestones', 'Highlights', 'randomized multicenter investigator-sponsored Phase 2 trial', 'advanced non-small cell lung cancer', 'Phase 2 randomized multicenter clinical trial', 'small cell lung cancer patients', 'oral, pooled fecal microbiotherapy', 'Phase 2a clinical trial', 'ARES Phase 3 clinical trial', 'advanced lung cancer patients', 'retrospective multicenter trial', 'Phase 3 ARES trial', 'Phase 1 clinical trial', 'Institut Gustave Roussy', '50 th annual meeting', 'Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors', 'clinical product supply', 'Primary endpoint readout', 'advanced NSCLC patients', 'Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'microbiome drug candidates', 'acute graft-versus-host disease', 'EBMT 2024 annual meeting', 'EBMT annual congress', 'good safety profile', 'previous cash projections', 'Early Access Program', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'IMMUNOLIFE RHU 1 program', 'ICI response rate', 'Company efficacy data', 'clinical supply', 'Phase 3 results', '49-patient “ARES', 'cancer treatment', 'primary resistance', 'NSCLC) patients', 'microbiome intervention', 'disease burden', 'IMMUNOLIFE program', 'Positive efficacy', 'safety data', 'Data Safety', 'first 8 patients', '49% one year', 'anti-PD1 treatment', 'cutting-edge research', 'microbiome field', 'biotech companies', 'patient recruitment', 'Regulatory News', 'business update', 'Hervé Affagard', 'Recent data', 'therapeutic options', 'world-renowned center', 'leading position', 'medical community', 'Pipeline highlights', '3rd-line therapies', 'regulatory authorities', 'European Society', 'Marrow Transplantation', 'clear reduction', 'same characteristics', 'significant increase', 'historical data', 'recent reference', 'similar population', 'mid Q4-2024', 'academic partners', 'significant problem', 'antibiotic uptake', 'concomitant treatment', 'anti-PD1 therapy', 'metagenomic data', 'large cohort', 'artificial intelligence', 'gutPrint ® platform', 'related costs', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'Monitoring Board', 'safety results', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Overall Survival', 'Topline results', 'key milestones', 'MaaT033 concomitant', 'limited 15% OS', '140 patients', 'MaaT013', 'aGvHD', '63% GI-ORR', 'D28', '42% 18 months', 'Production', 'batches', 'Participation', 'consortium', 'researchers', 'Completion', 'IASO', 'EURONEXT', 'leader', 'development', 'CEO', 'founder', 'value', 'shareholders', 'potential', 'IGR', 'impact', 'immuno-oncology', 'collaboration', 'interest', 'MET-N', 'hemato-oncology', 'March', 'launch', 'objective', 'study', 'funding', 'April', 'Blood', 'EAP', 'subgroup', 'Abedin', 'PICASSO', 'NCT04988841', 'AP-HP', 'INRAE', 'combination', 'Q1', 'bladder', 'renal', 'AI', 'February', 'DSMB']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40555,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2877006/0/en/Equasens-Q1-2024-revenue.html,Equasens: Q1 2024 revenue,Villers-lès-Nancy  7 May 2024 - 6:00 p.m. (CET)  PRESS RELEASE  Q1 2024 revenue: €53.3 million  Contributions from new acquisitions offset the base...,Villers-lès-Nancy  7 May 2024 - 6:00 p.m. (CET)PRESS RELEASEQ1 2024 revenue: €53.3 millionContributions from new acquisitions offset the base effect from the Ségur digital healthcare investment programme.The Divisions that sell equipment are heavily impacted by the economic context. 2024 outlook: after a phase of significant investment  the Group is targeting a return to growth beginning in H2.Q1 revenue (€m) 2023 reported basis 2024 reported basis Change / Reported basis - Ségur2024 +Ségur2023 - External growth Change / Like-for-like Group 56.2 53.3 -2.9 -5.2% 0.3 1.4 2.0 -3.8 -6.7% Pharmagest 42.3 39.8 -2.5 -5.9% 0.1 0.9 1.9 -3.6 -8.6% Axigate Link 7.2 7.8 0.6 8.4% 0.1 0.5 1.0 13.6% e-Connect 4.0 2.9 -1.1 -28.2% -1.1 -28.2% Medical Solutions 2.2 2.1 -0.1 -4.0% 0.1 0.1 0.1 -0.2 -9.2% Fintech 0.5 0.6 0.2 37.6% 0.2 37.6%Equasens Group reported revenue in the first quarter of €53.3m  down 5.2% from Q1 2023  with a marginal improvement on Q4 2023 (-5.5%).Operating highlights:The acquisitions completed in 2023 and early 2024 are already contributing to Q1 sales (€2.0m)  confirming their fit with the Group's strategy.Acquisitions within the PHARMAGEST Division:ATOOPHARM  specialist in e-learning solutions (continuing education) for pharmacists and their teams EQUASENS GERMANY (pharmacy software solutions) DIGIPHARMACIE  digital accounts payable management solutions for pharmacies.PRATILOG  a provider of software solutions for private practice doctors and allied health professionals working in hospitals  has been added to the MEDICAL SOLUTIONS Division's offering.The unfavourable economic climate is having a more significant impact on the Group's hardware divisions  particularly PHARMAGEST and E-CONNECT. The adverse effect of drug shortages  increased sales of expensive drugs with capped mark-ups and high interest rates on pharmacy margins have contributed to a significant slowdown in investment. This trend  combined with the increase in pharmacy closures  is directly reflected in the Group's financial statements.Q1 revenue / Business (€m) 2023Reported basis 2024Reported basis Change / Reported basis Sale of configurations and hardware 26.0 21.5 -4.5 -17.3% Scalable maintenance and professional training services 18.5 19.7 -4.5 6.1% New software solutions and subscriptions 11.2 11.6 0.4 3.8% Other services (including intermediation) 0.5 0.5 4.7%At the same time  the growth of all businesses  with the exception of equipment sales  highlights the relevance of the Group's strategy in adapting to new market trends by increasing its SaaS offering.The PHARMAGEST Division had Q1 revenue of €39.8m  down 5.9% from last year’s first quarter.This Division  with a significant European footprint  accounts for 75% of Equasens Group's revenue.The French Pharmacy Business Unit which today accounts for 84% of the Division's total sales  was down 11% in Q1 compared with Q1 2023: Although configuration and equipment sales are down sharply  particularly on the configuration side  new equipment offerings are attracting strong interest in France. These solutions  such as the self-service kiosk  which are designed to improve the in-store experience for customers and free up counter time for pharmacy staff  have met with significant success. Scalable maintenance and professional training services were reinforced by ATOOPHARM's contribution and the impact of revisions to maintenance contracts. Bolstered by value-added offerings for pharmacies  particularly in SaaS mode  such as id.Décisionnel (a business intelligence solution) and id.Safe (outsourced back-up)  licence and subscription sales continued to grow .The AXIGATE LINK Division had Q1 revenue of €7.8m  up 8.4% on Q1 2023.This Division accounted for 15% of Equasens Group's total revenue.The Division's success is mainly driven by the nursing home sector (MALTA INFORMATIQUE) in France and Belgium  which accounts for 60% of its total revenue  with growth of 15% in Q1 2024 compared with Q1 2023.The E-CONNECT Division had revenue of €2.9m  down 28.2% from Q1 2023.This Division accounted for 5% of Equasens Group's total revenue.This decline is due in part to the economic climate  but above all to an unfavourable base effect from particularly strong sales in H1 2023 as new regulations resulted in large orders for mobile SESAM-Vitale health insurance smartcard readers. In particular  this temporary increase was driven by the discontinued sale of the previous health insurance smartcard reader effective 31 July 2023 imposed by public authorities.The MEDICAL SOLUTIONS Division had quarterly revenue of €2.1m  down 4% on Q1 2023.This Division accounted for 4% of Equasens Group's total revenue.In 2023  the Ségur programme helped consolidate the Division's customer base through the widespread use of the MédiStory 4 version. In Q1 2024  revenue returned to a normal level. It should be noted that recurring revenue now accounts for 50% of total revenue.The FINTECH Division had revenue of €0.6m  up 37.6% in Q1 2024.This Division accounted for 1% of Equasens Group's total revenue.The Division took advantage of the stability of the financial markets and interest rates to rebuild its revenue.2024 outlookEquasens Group maintains its forecasts  anticipating a marginal upturn in growth from the second half of 2024  followed by a significant acceleration from 2025. This outlook is based on its confidence in the resilience of healthcare professionals in meeting today's challenges  and in their ability to reinvest very quickly.The Group is continuing to invest in innovative new offerings for healthcare professionals  with an emphasis on SaaS solutions.Thanks to its strong investment capacity  the Group remains open to external growth opportunities that fit with its strategy focusing on interoperability between healthcare professionals and their patients  and on strengthening its presence in Europe.Financial calendar:27 June 2024: Annual General Meeting Equasens Group will propose at the Annual General Meeting the payment of a dividend of €1.25 per share for fiscal 2023. The General Meeting will be held at the registered office in Villers-lès-Nancy. Shareholders are invited to regularly consult the section devoted to the General Meeting on its websitewww.equasens.com - Section Investors/ General Meeting for information about the procedures for participating.2 August 2024: Publication Q2/H1 revenue27 September 2024: Publication of H1 2024 results30 September 2024: Presentation of H1 2024 results7 November 2024: Publication of Q3 2024 revenue6 February 2025: Publication of f Q4/FY 2024 revenueAbout Group EquasensWith more than 1 300 employees  Equasens Group is today a key player in the European healthcare sector  providing software solutions to all healthcare professionals (pharmacists  primary care practitioners  hospitals  hospital-at-home programmes  retirement homes  health centres) in both primary and secondary care sectors.With operations in in France  Germany  Great Britain  Belgium  Ireland  Italy  and Luxembourg  Equasens Group today brings together healthcare professionals within a unique ecosystem in France and Europe benefiting people by making available the very best of technology.Listed on Euronext Paris™ - Compartment BIndexes: MSCI GLOBAL SMALL CAP - GAÏA Index 2020 - CAC® SMALL and CAC® All-TradableIncluded in the Euronext Tech Leaders segment and the European Rising Tech labelEligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (“Service à Réglement Différé” - SRD) and equity savings accounts invested in small and mid caps (PEA-PME).ISIN: FR 0012882389 – Ticker Code: EQSGet all the news about the Equasens Group www.equasens.com and on LinkedInCONTACTSAnalyst and Investor Relations:Chief Administrative and Financial Officer: Frédérique SchmidtTel: +33 (0)3 83 15 90 67 - frederique.schmidt@equasens.comMedia Relations:FIN’EXTENSO - Isabelle AprileTel.: +33 (0)6 17 38 61 78 - i.aprile@finextenso.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.19,0.55,True,English,"['Q1 2024 revenue', 'Equasens', 'mobile SESAM-Vitale health insurance smartcard readers', 'Ségur digital healthcare investment programme', 'previous health insurance smartcard reader', 'digital accounts payable management solutions', 'The French Pharmacy Business Unit', 'PRESS RELEASE Q1 2024 revenue', 'The AXIGATE LINK Division', 'The MEDICAL SOLUTIONS Division', 'Ségur programme', 'private practice doctors', 'business intelligence solution', 'nursing home sector', 'MédiStory 4 version', 'professional training services', 'new market trends', 'high interest rates', 'pharmacy software solutions', 'significant European footprint', 'New software solutions', 'unfavourable economic climate', 'unfavourable base effect', 'Reported basis Change', 'The E-CONNECT Division', 'The FINTECH Division', 'External growth Change', 'The PHARMAGEST Division', 'new equipment offerings', 'H2. Q1 revenue', 'health professionals', 'The Division', 'significant investment', 'pharmacy margins', 'pharmacy closures', 'pharmacy staff', 'Other services', 'new regulations', 'strong interest', 'value-added offerings', 'economic context', 'adverse effect', 'customer base', 'significant slowdown', 'Villers-lès-Nancy', 'first quarter', 'marginal improvement', 'Operating highlights', 'continuing education', 'EQUASENS GERMANY', 'drug shortages', 'expensive drugs', 'capped mark-ups', 'financial statements', 'Scalable maintenance', 'same time', 'last year', 'self-service kiosk', 'store experience', 'counter time', 'maintenance contracts', 'SaaS mode', 'Décisionnel', 'MALTA INFORMATIQUE', 'large orders', 'public authorities', 'widespread use', 'normal level', 'new acquisitions', 'total revenue', 'quarterly revenue', 'recurring revenue', 'equipment sales', 'total sales', 'subscription sales', 'strong sales', 'significant impact', 'significant success', 'hardware divisions', 'basis Sale', 'SaaS offering', 'configuration side', 'id.Safe', 'temporary increase', 'Equasens Group', 'Q1 sales', '7 May', 'CET', 'Contributions', '2024 outlook', 'phase', 'return', 'Q4', 'fit', 'strategy', 'ATOOPHARM', 'specialist', 'pharmacists', 'teams', 'DIGIPHARMACIE', 'pharmacies', 'PRATILOG', 'provider', 'allied', 'hospitals', 'configurations', 'subscriptions', 'intermediation', 'businesses', 'exception', 'relevance', 'France', 'customers', 'revisions', 'back', 'licence', 'Belgium', 'decline', 'part', 'H1', '6:00']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40556,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/gensight-biologics-announces-a-successful-offering-for-an-amount-over--92-million-93CH-3423145,GenSight Biologics Announces a Successful Offering for an Amount Over €9.2 Million By Investing.com,GenSight Biologics Announces a Successful Offering for an Amount Over  €9.2 Million,"GenSight Biologics shares resume trading todayOver €9.2 million offering of ABSA (as defined below) composed of a reserved offering aimed at specialized investors and a private placementMore than 50% of the offering subscribed by US investorsThis press release is not being made in and copies of It may not be distributed or sent  directly or indirectly  into the United States  Canada  South Africa  Japan or AustraliaPARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible) (the ""Company"")  a biopharma Company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  announced today the resumption of the trading of the Company's shares following the success of its Offering (as defined below)  through (i) a capital increase reserved to specialized investors and (ii) a concurrent capital increase by way of a private placement  by the issuance of new shares with warrants attached  for a total gross amount of €9 282 515.80 (excluding the future net proceeds related to the exercise of the warrants). The subscription price for one ABSA is €0.395 (the ""Offering Price""). The Offering Price is the same in the two concurrent capital increases.This fundraising marks an inflection point in our journey and demonstrates the confidence of investors in our vision and ability to achieve our strategic objectives "" said Laurence Rodriguez  CEO of GenSight Biologics. ""We are grateful to our historic investors for their continued support. We confirm plans to resume early access program in France for LHON patients in Q3 2024.""here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorUse of ProceedsThe Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering as follows: (i) 66% to finance its general corporate needs and (ii) 34% to complete manufacturing operations and regulatory procedures in order to provide drug product both to launch the potential new RECOVER Phase III clinical trial of LUMEVOQ ®  and for a possible resumption of the early access program in the third quarter of 2024.Working Capital StatementTo date  without taking into account the net proceeds of the Offering  the Company does not have sufficient net working capital to meet its obligations over the next twelve months.The Company's current financial debt consists of (i) tranche A of the EIB loan for €8.5 million (nominal amount and financial interests as of December 31  2023)  (ii) bonds convertible into new shares in favor of Heights Capital for a nominal amount of €12 million ( €13 2 million in case of full redemption in cash)  (iii) state guaranteed loans from its banks for a total outstanding amount of €2.7 million and (iv) conditional advances received from Bpifrance Financement for a total outstanding amount of €6.6 million.As of March 31  2024  the Company's available cash and cash equivalents amounted to €2.2 million. The Company has received the reimbursement of the research tax credit in April 2024 and the Company is able to meet its obligations until mid-May 2024. In the context of the reserved offering in February 2024  the Company's creditors granted waivers and standstills to the Company until April 30  2024 extended until May 13  2024. The Company has initiated discussions with its creditors to extend these waivers and standstills beyond that date.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorBefore completion of the Offering and without taking into account the potential revenues generated by the resumption of AAC/AAP  the Company estimates that (i) its net cash requirement for the next twelve months is approximately €25 million and (ii) it will need to raise approximately €9 million (or an estimated net proceeds of €8 million) to supplement its working capital requirements and fund its operating expenses until the first payments in connection with the potential resumption of the early access in France (AAC/AAP) expected in the third quarter of 2024.Taking into account the expected net proceeds of the Offering for approximately €8.2 million  the Company does not have sufficient net working capital to meet its obligations over the next 12 months but only until the second part of the third quarter of 2024 and  assuming the manufacturing of its drug product (DP) batch to supply the AAC/AAP program  bridge the first AAC/AAP payments expected on the same period. With the potential revenues generated by the resumption of AAC/AAP and the net proceeds of the Offering for approximately €8.2 million  the Company anticipates that it would have sufficient net working capital to meet its obligations over the next 12 months. After this 12-month period  the Company may have to pay  in the second quarter of 2025  the annual rebates on the 2024 AAC/AAP program which may amount up to 70% of the AAC/AAP generated over the year. Consequently  the Company may need to seek other sources of debt or equity financing or achieve partnering or M&A opportunities  in order to supplement its working capital requirements and fund its operating expenses beyond the second quarter of 2025.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorEven though the Company believes in its ability to achieve its manufacturing objectives  to raise additional funds or achieve partnership or M&A opportunities and to obtain an extension of the waivers from its creditors  no assurance can be given at this time as to whether the Company will be able to achieve these objectives or to obtain funds at attractive terms and conditions.If the Company is not able to raise additional funds or achieve partnership or M&A opportunities  it would need to severely modify its operating plans and may be forced to enter into insolvency proceedings or cease its operations in whole or in part.If the Offering is not completed  the Company will have to raise new financing to finance its ongoing activities until the receipt of the first payments related to the resumption of the AAC/AAP for patients which is expected in the third quarter of 2024 when LUMEVOQ ® becomes available and the authorization from the ANSM has been obtained.Terms of the OfferingThe Offering  for a total of €9 282 515.80 (share issue premium included)  was carried out through the issuance of 23 500 040 ABSA (as defined below)  in two distinct but concomitant transactions:- a capital increase without shareholders' preferential subscription rights reserved to a category of persons satisfying determined characteristics  pursuant to Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code and in accordance with the 4th resolution of the Company's combined general shareholders' meeting held on January 10  2024 (the General meeting)1  for a total of €7 736 316.345  through the issuance of new shares of a per value of €0.025 (the Reserved Offering New Shares)  to which are attached 1 warrant for 1 new shares (the Reserved Offering Warrants  together with the Reserved Offering New Shares  the Reserved Offering ABSA) and the new shares of the Company resulting from the exercise of the Reserved Offering Warrants (the Reserved Offering Warrants Shares) (the Reserved Offering)  andhere or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureor- a capital increase without preferential subscription rights by way of an offering pursuant to Article L. 411-2 1 ° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and according to the 2nd and 3rd resolutions of the General Meeting  for a total of €1 546 199.455  through the issuance of new shares of a per value of €0.025 (the Private Placement New Shares  together with the Reserved Offering New Shares  the New Shares) to which are attached 1 warrant for 1 new share (the Private Placement Warrants  and with the Private Placement New Shares  the Private Placement ABSA  together with the Reserved Offering ABSA  the ABSA) and the new shares of the Company resulting from the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants (the Private Placement Warrants Shares  together with the Reserved Offering Warrants Shares  the Warrants Shares) (the Private Placement and together with the Reserved Offering  the Offering).The Reserved Offering Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are referred to as the Warrants.Among Eligible Investors  the Reserved Offering was exclusively opened (i) in the European Union (including France) to qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") and (ii) outside the European Union to certain institutional and qualified investors on a private placement basis. The Private Placement was exclusively opened (x) in the European Union (including in France) to qualified investors in accordance with Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation or a restricted circle of investors with fewer than 150 natural or legal persons  other than qualified investors  in accordance with Article 1(4)(b) of the Prospectus Regulation  outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and (y) outside the European Union to certain institutional investors on a private placement basis.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorThe ABSA will be issued by decision of the Company's Board of Directors held on May 3  2024 and in accordance with the 2nd  3rd and 4th resolutions of the General Meeting  it being specified that in accordance with Article L. 225-38 of the French Commercial Code and in application of the provisions of the Board of Directors' internal rules relating to conflicts of interest  Sofinnova Partners took no part in the deliberations nor in the vote relating to this decision.The Offering Price is €0.395. The Offering Price is the same in the two concurrent capital increases.The Offering Price is equal to the closing price of the Company's shares on Euronext Paris during the last trading session preceding its setting (i.e. April 30  2024) (the Reference Price). Taking into account the estimated theoretical value of 100% of a Warrant (i.e.  €0.0778  this value was obtained using the Black & Scholes method with a volatility of 35%)  this would represent a discount of 19.70% compared with the Reference Price  in accordance with the 3rd and 4th resolutions of the General Meeting.Upon settlement of the Offering  the Warrants will be exercisable for a period of thirty months from the date of issue.The exercise of a Warrant will give the right to subscribe to one (1) Warrant Share (the ""Exercise Ratio"")  it being specified that this Exercise Ratio may be adjusted following any transactions carried out by the Company on its share capital or reserves  as from the issuance date of the Warrants  in order to maintain the rights of the Warrants' holders.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorThe exercise price of the Warrants will be equal to €0.45  i.e. a premium of 13.92% to the Reference Price.Admission to trading of the New SharesSettlement-delivery of the Offering and the admission of the New Shares for trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris are expected on May 9  2024. The New Shares will be immediately fungible with the existing shares of the Company and will be traded on the same listing line under the ISIN Code FR0013183985. Application will be made for the Warrants to be admitted to Euroclear France under the ISIN Code FR001400PT61.The Warrants will be detached from New Shares and no application will be made for their admission on Euronext Paris.The Warrants Shares will be subject to periodic application for admission to trading until three business day following the Exercise Period  i.e.  November 13  2026 at the latest.Chardan and Invest Securities (collectively  the ""Placement Agents"") are acting as joint global coordinators and bookrunners in connection with the Offering.Impact of the Offering on the share capitalFollowing the settlement and delivery of the Offering  expected to occur on May 9 2024  the Company's total share capital will be equal to €2 546 769.10 divided into 101 870 764 shares.For illustration purposes  the impact of the issuance of the New Shares and the Warrant Shares on the ownership of a shareholder holding 1% of the Company's share capital prior to the Offering and not subscribing to it  is as follows:Ownership interest (in %) On a non-diluted basis On a diluted basis(1) Prior to the issue of 23 500 040 New Shares 1.00% 0.71% Following the issue of 23 500 040 New Shares 0.77% 0.50% Following the issue of 23 500 040 New Shares and 23 500 040 Warrants Shares from the exercise of all the Warrants 0.63% 0.50%here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorImpact of the Offering on shareholders' equityFor illustration purposes  the impact of the issuance of the New Shares and the Warrant Shares on the Company's equity per share (calculation made on the basis of the Company's shareholders' equity at December 31  2023 increased by the €4.6 million net proceeds from the February 2024 private placement) is as follows:Share of equity per share (in euros) On a non-diluted basis On a diluted basis(1) Prior to the issue of 23 500 040 New Shares (0.33) (0.06) Following the issue of 23 500 040 New Shares (0.18) 0.08 Following the issue of 23 500 040 New Shares and 23 500 040 Warrants Shares from the exercise of all the Warrants (0.06) 0.14Evolution of the shareholding structure following the OfferingTo the Company's knowledge  the breakdown in share ownership before and after the Offering is as follows:The shareholding structure of the Company before the Offering:Shareholders Shareholders (non-diluted) Shareholders (diluted) Number of shares and voting rights % of share capital and voting rights Number of shares and voting rights % of share capital and voting rights 5% Shareholders Sofinnova 18 484 727 23.59% 18 484 727 16.74% Invus 12 973 492 16.55% 12 973 492 11.75% UPMC 7 829 251 9.99% 7 829 251 7.09% The Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE: )  Inc. 5 325 415 6.80% 5 325 415 4.82% Heights 653 083 0.83% 27 160 703 24.60% Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. - - - - JEA Vision LLC - - - - Directors and Officers 167 002 0.21% 2 337 002 2.12% Employees 55 000 0.07% 700 500 0.63% Other shareholders (total) 32 882 754 41.96% 35 619 265 32.25% Total 78 370 724 100.00% 110 430 355 100.00%The shareholding structure of the Company following the settlement of the Offering:Shareholders Shareholders (non-diluted) Shareholders (diluted) Number of shares and voting rights % of share capital and voting rights Number of shares and voting rights % of share capital and voting rights 5% Shareholders Sofinnova 23 548 018 23.12% 28 611 309 18.17% Invus 17 593 745 17.27% 22 213 998 14.11% UPMC 10 158 364 9.97% 12 487 477 7.93% The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc. 5 325 415 5.23% 5 325 415 3.38% Heights 653 083 0.64% 27 160 703 17.25% Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. 6 329 113 6.21% 12 658 226 8.04% JEA Vision LLC 3 450 000 3.39% 6 900 000 4.38% Directors and Officers 167 002 0.16% 2 337 002 1.48% Employees 55 000 0.05% 700 500 0.44% Other shareholders (total) 34 591 024 33.96% 39 035 805 24.82% Total 101 870 764 100.00% 157 430 435 100.00%The shareholding structure of the Company following the settlement of the Offering and the exercise of all the Warrants :here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorShareholders Shareholders (non-diluted) Shareholders (diluted) Number of shares and voting rights % of share capital and voting rights Number of shares and voting rights % of share capital and voting rights 5% Shareholders Sofinnova 28 611 309 22.82% 28 611 309 18.17% Invus 22 213 998 17.72% 22 213 998 14.11% UPMC 12 487 477 9.96% 12 487 477 7.93% The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc. 5 325 415 4.25% 5 325 415 3.38% Heights 653 083 0.52% 27 160 703 17.25% Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. 12 658 226 10.10% 12 658 226 8.04% JEA Vision LLC 6 900 000 5.50% 6 900 000 4.38% Directors and Officers 167 002 0.13% 2 337 002 1.48% Employees 55 000 0.04% 700 500 0.44% Other shareholders (total) 36 299 294 28.95% 39 035 805 24.82% Total 125 370 804 100.00% 157 430 435 100.00%Sofinnova Partners  represented on the Company's Board of Directors and holding 23.59% of the share capital of the Company before the Offering  subscribes for 5 063 291 ABSA of the Company and will hold  after the completion of the Offering (excluding the exercise of the Warrant)  23.12% of the Company's share capital. After the exercise of all its Warrants  Sofinnova Partners will hold 22.82% of the Company's share capital The representative of Sofinnova on the Company's Board of Directors abstained from voting on the Board decisions concerning the Offering.Invus holding 16.55% of the share capital of the Company before the Offering  subscribes for 4 620 253 ABSA of the Company and will hold  after the completion of the Offering (excluding the exercise of the Warrant)  17.27% of the Company's share capital. After the exercise of all its Warrants  Invus will hold 17.72% of the Company's share capital.UPMC holding 9.99% of the share capital of the Company before the Offering  subscribes for 2 329 113 ABSA of the Company and will hold  after the completion of the Offering (excluding the exercise of the Warrant)  9.97% of the Company's share capital. After the exercise of all its Warrants  UPMC will hold 9.96% of the Company's share capital.Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. subscribes for 6 329 113 ABSA of the Company and will hold  after the completion of the Offering (excluding the exercise of the Warrant)  6.21% of the Company's share capital. After the exercise of all its Warrants  Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. will hold 10.10% of the Company's share capital.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorJEA Vision LLC subscribes for 3 450 000 ABSA of the Company and will hold  after the completion of the Offering (excluding the exercise of the Warrant)  3.39% of the Company's share capital. After the exercise of all its Warrants  JEA Vision LLC will hold 5.50% of the Company's share capital.Risk FactorsThe Company draws the public's attention to the risk factors related to the Company and its activities presented in section 3 of the 2023 universal registration document of the Company filed with the AMF on April 17  2024 under number D. 24-299 (the ""2023 Universal Registration Document"")  as amended by an amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document to be filed with the AMF on May 7  2024  which are available free of charge on the website of the Company (https://www.gensight-biologics.com) and of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org).ProspectusApplication will be made to list the New Shares only on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris pursuant to a listing prospectus subject to an approval from the French AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers (the AMF) and comprising the 2023 Universal Registration Document as completed by an amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document to be filed with the AMF on May 7  2024 as well as a Securities Note (Note d'opÃ©ration)  including a summary of the prospectus. As from such filing with the AMF  copies of the 2023 Universal Registration Document  as amended and of the listing prospectus  will be available free of charge at the Company's head office located at 74  rue du Faubourg Saint Antoine  75012 Paris  France  on the Company's website (www.gensight-biologics.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorAbout GenSight BiologicsGenSight Biologics S.A. is a clinical-stage biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders. GenSight Biologics' pipeline leverages two core technology platforms  the Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence (MTS) and optogenetics  to help preserve or restore vision in patients suffering from blinding retinal diseases. GenSight Biologics' lead product candidate  LUMEVOQ ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)  is an investigational compound and has not been registered in any country at this stage  developed for the treatment of Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)  a rare mitochondrial disease affecting primarily teens and young adults that leads to irreversible blindness. Using its gene therapy-based approach  GenSight Biologics' product candidates are designed to be administered in a single treatment to each eye by intravitreal injection to offer patients a sustainable functional visual recovery.DisclaimerThe distribution of this press release may be restricted by certain local laws. Recipients of this press release are required to inform themselves of any such restrictions and  if applicable  to observe them. This press release does not constitute an offer or a solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for securities in France.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Any decision to purchase securities must be made solely on the basis of publicly available information on the Company.In France  the Offering described above will be carried out exclusively within the framework of (i) an offering reserved in favor of a categories of beneficiaries as referred to in the 4th resolution of the General Meeting and (ii) an offering pursuant to Article L. 411-2  1 ° of the French Monetary and Financial Code as referred to in the 2nd resolution of the General Meeting.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorIn respect of Member States of the European Economic Area (the ""Member States"")  no action has been or will be taken to permit a public offering of the securities requiring the publication of a prospectus in any of these Member States. Consequently  the securities can and will only be offered in any of the Member States (including France)  to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation or  with respect to the Private Placement only  to a restricted circle of investors with fewer than 150 natural or legal persons other than qualified investors acting for their own account in accordance with Article L. 411-2  1 ° of the French Monetary and Financial Code.This document and the information contained herein do not constitute either an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  securities of the Company in any jurisdiction.No communication and no information in respect of the offering by the Company of its securities may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where registration or approval is required. No steps have been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required. The offering or subscription of securities may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions.This announcement does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering nor an invitation to the public in connection with any offer. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorNot for release  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States  Canada  South Africa  Japan or Australia. This document (and the information contained herein) does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale  or solicitation of an offer to purchase securities  in the United States  Canada  South Africa  Japan or Australia or any other jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be unlawful. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act  or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with the securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction of the United States. No public offering of the securities will be made in the United States.MIFID II Product Governance/Target Market: solely for the purposes of the requirements of Article 9.8 of the EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 relating to the product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the ABSA of GenSight Biologics has led to the conclusion in relation to the type of clients criteria only that: (i) the type of clients to whom the ABSA are targeted is eligible counterparties and professional clients and retail clients  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (MiFID II""); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the ABSA of GenSight Biologics to eligible counterparties and professional clients and retail clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the ABSA of GenSight Biologics (a ""distributor"") should take into consideration the type of clients assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the ABSA of GenSight Biologics and determining appropriate distribution channels.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorThe Placement Agents are acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the offer of new ordinary shares and warrants and will not regard any other person as their respective clients and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients in connection with any offer of new ordinary shares and warrants of the Company or otherwise  nor for providing any advice in relation to the offer of new ordinary shares and warrants  the content of this press release or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.Neither the Placement Agents nor any of its directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this press release (or whether any information has been omitted from this press release) or any other information relating to the Company  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Therefore  the Company and the Placement Agents expressly disclaim  to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  any liability  whether in tort or contract  or otherwise arising out of or in connection with this document and/or these statements.1 (i) natural or legal persons (including companies)  investment companies  trusts  investment funds or other investment vehicles in whatever form  whether under French or foreign law  investing on a regular basis in the pharmaceutical  biotechnological  ophthalmological  neurodegenerative diseases or medical technologies sectors; and/or (ii) French or foreign companies  institutions or entities  whatever their form  exercising a significant part of their activity in these fields (such investors  being ""Eligible Investors"").here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240506557342/en/GenSight BiologicsChief Financial OfficerIvan Tortetitortet@GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS.comLifeSci AdvisorsInvestor RelationsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 (0)76 735 01 31Source: GenSight Biologics S.A.",neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.2,0.61,True,English,"['GenSight Biologics', 'Successful Offering', 'Investing.com', 'Amount', 'potential new RECOVER Phase III clinical trial', 'central nervous system disorders', 'two concurrent capital increases', 'sufficient net working capital', 'Working Capital Statement', 'working capital requirements', 'innovative gene therapies', 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', '3rd party Ad.', 'general corporate needs', 'research tax credit', 'total gross amount', 'total outstanding amount', 'next twelve months', 'early access program', 'future net proceeds', 'net cash requirement', 'current financial debt', 'GenSight Biologics shares', 'first AAC/AAP payments', 'The Offering Price', 'new shares', 'potential revenues', 'first payments', 'next 12 months', 'potential resumption', 'nominal amount', 'financial interests', 'subscription price', 'AAC/AAP program', 'private placement', 'press release', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'inflection point', 'strategic objectives', 'Laurence Rodriguez', 'continued support', 'LHON patients', 'Investing.com', 'regulatory procedures', 'drug product', 'third quarter', 'EIB loan', 'full redemption', 'conditional advances', 'Bpifrance Financement', 'available cash', 'cash equivalents', 'operating expenses', 'second part', 'DP) batch', 'same period', '12-month period', 'second quarter', 'annual rebates', 'other sources', 'equity financing', 'specialized investors', 'US investors', 'historic investors', 'The Company', 'one ABSA', 'manufacturing operations', '€9.2 million offering', 'reserved offering', 'possible resumption', 'biopharma Company', 'trading', 'copies', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'PARIS', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'success', 'way', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'exercise', 'journey', 'confidence', 'vision', 'ability', 'CEO', 'plans', 'Q3', 'ads', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'Use', 'LUMEVOQ ®', 'date', 'account', 'obligations', 'tranche', 'December', 'bonds', 'favor', 'Heights', 'case', 'loans', 'banks', 'March', 'reimbursement', 'April', 'mid-May', 'context', 'February', 'creditors', 'waivers', 'standstills', 'discussions', 'completion', 'connection', 'year']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,investing.com
40557,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2876298/0/en/Solvay-first-quarter-2024-results.html,Solvay first quarter 2024 results,Strong FCF supported by resilient EBITDA and discipline on costs and capex  Brussels  May 7  2024 – 7:00 am CEST   -  regulated information  Highlights ...,Strong FCF supported by resilient EBITDA and discipline on costs and capexBrussels  May 7  2024 – 7:00 am CEST - regulated informationHighlightsNet sales for Q1 2024 at €1 201 million were down -11.9% organically versus Q1 2023  with positive volume impact  for the first time in seven quarters  in both Basic and Performance Chemicals segments. Prices decreased  mostly reflecting the lower energy and raw material costs.for Q1 2024 at €1 201 million were down -11.9% organically versus Q1 2023  with positive volume impact  for the first time in seven quarters  in both Basic and Performance Chemicals segments. Prices decreased  mostly reflecting the lower energy and raw material costs. Underlying EBITDA of €265 million for the first quarter was -13.6% lower organically compared to a high Q1 2023  with negative Net Pricing partially offset by positive volume impact and lower fixed costs. The EBITDA margin remained solid at 22.1%  and improved sequentially.of €265 million for the first quarter was -13.6% lower organically compared to a high Q1 2023  with negative Net Pricing partially offset by positive volume impact and lower fixed costs. The EBITDA margin remained solid at 22.1%  and improved sequentially. First cost savings initiatives are already bearing fruit  with €19 million achieved in Q1 2024.initiatives are already bearing fruit  with €19 million achieved in Q1 2024. Underlying net profit from continuing operations was €119 million in Q1 2024 vs. €187 million in Q1 2023.from continuing operations was €119 million in Q1 2024 vs. €187 million in Q1 2023. Free Cash Flow 1 was strong at €123 million in Q1 2024  from resilient EBITDA combined with discipline on working capital  costs and capex.was strong at €123 million in Q1 2024  from resilient EBITDA combined with discipline on working capital  costs and capex. ROCE was 19.8% in Q1 2024.was 19.8% in Q1 2024. Successful inaugural €1.5 billion bond issuance to refinance the bridge facility set up at the end of 2023  in relation to the partial demerger  bringing additional strength and stability to the balance sheet.to refinance the bridge facility set up at the end of 2023  in relation to the partial demerger  bringing additional strength and stability to the balance sheet. Underlying Net Debt at €1.6 billion  implying a leverage ratio of 1.4x .. 2024 Outlook: Organic growth of the underlying EBITDA of -10% to -20% compared to restated 2023; Free cash flow greater than €260 millionFirst quarter Underlying (in € million) 2024 2023 % yoy % organic Net sales 1 201 1 355 -11.3% -11.9% EBITDA 265 365 -27.2% -13.6% EBITDA margin 22.1% 26.9% -4.8pp - FCF1 123 -130 n.m. - ROCE 19.8% N/A n.m. -Philippe Kehren  Solvay CEO“I’m proud of our performance in the first quarter  despite challenging macroeconomic conditions  as we focused on what is under our control: capex  costs and cash. Certain areas of our business have shown promising momentum compared to the trough from late 2023  but we cannot call it a recovery yet. We are rapidly deploying cost-saving initiatives that have already started to deliver. Looking ahead  we maintain confidence in meeting our targets for 2024. Our simplified portfolio  clear operating model and strong focus on cash are great assets to position Solvay for sustained success in the years to come.”2024 outlookIn the first quarter of 2024  while Solvay benefitted from slight volume pick-up in some of its businesses  management has maintained a strong focus on costs and cash. Looking ahead  the company is confident that it can keep its fixed costs under control. Despite green shoots in some segments in Q1  soft demand combined with a volatile macro and geopolitical environment lead Solvay to remain prudent. As a consequence the view on the rest of the year is relatively unchanged at this stage.Solvay confirms  for full year 2024  its guidance of organic growth of the underlying EBITDA by -10% to -20% (translating into a range of €925 million to €1 040 million at a 1.10 EUR/USD exchange rate) and its guidance of Free Cash Flow to Solvay shareholders to be greater than €260 million.1 Free cash flow (FCF) is the free cash to Solvay shareholders from continuing operations.Safe harborThis press release may contain forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements describe expectations  plans  strategies  goals  future events or intentions. The achievement of forward-looking statements contained in this press release is subject to risks and uncertainties relating to a number of factors  including general economic factors  interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations  changing market conditions  product competition  the nature of product development  impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  products withdrawals  regulatory approval processes  all-in scenario of R&I projects and other unusual items. Consequently  actual results or future events may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize  or should our assumptions prove inaccurate  actual results could vary materially from those anticipated. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.About SolvaySolvay  a pioneering chemical company with a legacy rooted in founder Ernest Solvay's pivotal innovations in the soda ash process  is dedicated to delivering essential solutions globally through its workforce of over 9 000 employees. Since 1863  Solvay harnesses the power of chemistry to create innovative  sustainable solutions that answer the world’s most essential needs such as purifying the air we breathe and the water we drink  preserving our food supplies  protecting our health and well-being  creating eco-friendly clothing  making the tires of our cars more sustainable and cleaning and protecting our homes. As a world-leading company with €4.9 billion in net sales in 2023 and listings on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB)  its unwavering commitment drives the transition to a carbon-neutral future by 2050  underscoring its dedication to sustainability and a fair and just transition. For more information about Solvay  please visit solvay.com or follow Solvay on Linkedin.Media relationsPeter Boelaert+32 479 30 91 59Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen+32 484 65 30 47Kimberly King+ 1 470 464 4336Valérie Goutherot+33 6 77 05 04 79media.relations@solvay.com Investor relationsBoris Cambon-Lalanne+32 471 55 37 49Geoffroy d’Oultremont+32 478 88 32 96Vincent Toussaint+33 6 74 87 85 65investor.relations@solvay.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.27,0.22,True,English,"['Solvay first quarter 2024 results', 'Successful inaugural €1.5 billion bond issuance', 'foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations', 'First cost savings initiatives', 'yoy % organic Net sales', '1.10 EUR/USD exchange rate', 'clear operating model', 'slight volume pick-up', 'regulatory approval processes', 'R&I projects', 'other unusual items', 'negative Net Pricing', 'positive volume impact', 'regulated information Highlights', 'challenging macroeconomic conditions', 'general economic factors', 'Free Cash Flow', 'raw material costs', 'Performance Chemicals segments', 'lower fixed costs', 'interest rate', 'net profit', 'Net Debt', 'Organic growth', 'lower energy', 'looking information', 'market conditions', 'cost-saving initiatives', 'first time', 'first quarter', 'seven quarters', 'continuing operations', 'working capital', 'bridge facility', 'partial demerger', 'additional strength', 'balance sheet', 'leverage ratio', 'Philippe Kehren', 'Certain areas', 'promising momentum', 'simplified portfolio', 'strong focus', 'great assets', 'sustained success', 'green shoots', 'soft demand', 'volatile macro', 'geopolitical environment', 'Safe harbor', 'press release', 'Forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'product competition', 'product development', 'actual results', 'resilient EBITDA', 'Underlying EBITDA', 'EBITDA margin', 'Strong FCF', 'full year', 'unknown risks', 'uncertainties materiali', 'Solvay CEO', 'Solvay shareholders', 'high Q1', 'discipline', 'capex', 'Brussels', 'May', 'CEST', 'Basic', 'Prices', 'fruit', 'end', 'relation', 'stability', '2024 Outlook', 'FCF1', 'control', 'business', 'trough', 'confidence', 'targets', 'years', 'management', 'company', 'consequence', 'view', 'stage', 'guidance', 'range', 'expectations', 'plans', 'strategies', 'goals', 'intentions', 'achievement', 'number', 'changing', 'nature', 'acquisitions', 'divestitures', 'restructurings', 'products', 'withdrawals', 'scenario', '7:00']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40558,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/theravet-unveils-its-development-strategy-to-address-the-equine-market-93CH-3423144,TheraVet Unveils Its Development Strategy to Address the Equine Market By Investing.com,TheraVet Unveils Its Development Strategy to Address the Equine Market,Positioning focused on competition horses  a highly dynamic market correlated with the more than $400 billion sport betting marketAnswer to the main indications affecting competition horses provided by the BIOCERA-VET ® and VISCO-VET ® rangesNew therapeutic solutions dedicated to equine competition to be launched by 2027GOSSELIES  Belgium--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:TheraVet (ISIN: BE0974387194 - Ticker: ALVET)  a pioneering company in the management of osteoarticular diseases in pets  announces the deployment of its range of solutions in the highly dynamic competition horse segment.Following the launch in March 2024 of two BIOCERA-VET ® references specially adapted to equine applications  TheraVet now intends to position itself as the reference in the osteoarticular disease treatments in horses dedicated to competition  a worldwide population of 12 million animals. Equine competition is an important part of the global betting industry  a market valued at $402 billion in 2022  which is expected to grow by ~8.9% a year between now and 20301  topping the $790 billion.The BIOCERA-VET ® Equine range and the VISCO-VET ® program currently under development ensure to TheraVet a unique position in the treatment of the main indications affecting these animals. For example  thanks to its properties required for cementoplasty (high injectability  easy handling  high radiopacity  strong cohesiveness and fast self-setting)  BIOCERA-VET ® Equine enables the minimally invasive treatment of subchondral bone cysts  whose presence has a negative impact on the auction price by causing lameness and poor performance.With the support of specialist equine orthopedic surgeons  TheraVet's solutions have so far been used to treat 19 cases of subchondral bone cysts and maxillofacial and dental problems. These ongoing clinical evaluations are designed to reinforce BIOCERA-VET ®'s position as the preferred  and in fine  first-line treatment option for equine bone cysts  osteoarticular diseases and dental problems affecting competition horses.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorTheraVet plans to enrich its range of products dedicated to competition horses with several launches between now and 2027  including BIOCERA-VET ® OSTEO  with its enhanced osteo-inductive properties  NUTRA-VET ®  a range of high-performance nutraceuticals  and VISCO-VET ® Equine  an equine version of the visco-regenerating gel currently being developed by TheraVet to treat osteoarticular diseases as well as tendon and ligament injuries.About TheraVet SATheraVet is a veterinary biotechnology company specialising in osteoarticular treatments for companion animals. The Company develops targeted  safe and effective treatments to improve the quality of life of pets suffering from joint and bone diseases. For pet owners  the health of their pets is a major concern and TheraVet's mission is to address the need for innovative and curative treatments. TheraVet works closely with international opinion leaders in order to provide a more effective response to ever-growing needs in the field of veterinary medicine. TheraVet is listed on Euronext Growth ® Paris and Brussels  has its head office in Belgium (Gosselies) with a US subsidiary.For more information  visit the TheraVet website or follow us on LinkedIn / Facebook (NASDAQ: ) / X.About BIOCERA-VETIn close collaboration with an international scientific board  THERAVET has developed a new line of calcium-phosphate and biological bone substitutes  BIOCERA-VET ®. BIOCERA-VET ® is a full range of innovative  easy-to-use  efficient & cost-effective bone substitutes indicated in bone surgeries where a bone graft is required and as a palliative alternative in the management of canine osteosarcoma. Based on extremely promising clinical results  this line offers the possibility of a better  more convenient and more efficient orthopedic surgery:here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorBIOCERA-VET ® BONE SURGERY RTU  a ready-to-use highly injectable self-hardening calcium-phosphate cementBIOCERA-VET ® SMARTGRAFT  a naturally osteoconductive bone graftBIOCERA-VET ® GRANULES  an affordable biocompatible calcium-phosphate bone substituteBIOCERA-VET ® OSTEOSARCOMA RTU  a ready-to-use highly injectable calcium-phosphate bone substitute for cementoplastyBIOCERA-VET ® COMBO-CLEAN  a local and long-lasting antibiotic delivery calcium-phosphate bone substituteFor more information  visit BIOCERA-VET website._ _ _ _ _ _ _1 Zion Market Res. 2023View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240506165325/en/TheraVetChief Operating OfficerSabrina Enainvestors@thera.vetTel : +32 (0) 71 96 00 43NewCapInvestor Relatioons and Financial CommunicationsThÃ©o Martin / Nicolas Fossieztheravet@newcap.euTel : +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94Press RelationsArthur RouillÃ©theravet@newcap.euTel : +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15NewCap BelgiumPress RelationsLaure-Eve Monfortlemonfort@newcap.frTel : + 32 (0) 489 57 76 52Source: TheraVet,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,True,English,"['Development Strategy', 'Equine Market', 'TheraVet', 'Investing', 'long-lasting antibiotic delivery calcium-phosphate bone substitute', 'affordable biocompatible calcium-phosphate bone substitute', 'highly injectable calcium-phosphate bone substitute', 'injectable self-hardening calcium-phosphate cement', 'NewCap Belgium Press Relations Lau', 'fine, first-line treatment option', 'specialist equine orthopedic surgeons', '$400 billion sport betting market', 'dynamic competition horse segment', 'BIOCERA-VET ® BONE SURGERY RTU', 'global betting industry', 'subchondral bone cysts', 'biological bone substitutes', 'cost-effective bone substitutes', 'The BIOCERA-VET ® Equine range', 'ongoing clinical evaluations', '3rd party Ad.', 'international opinion leaders', 'international scientific board', 'promising clinical results', 'efficient orthopedic surgery', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'ThÃ©o Martin', 'equine bone cysts', 'osteoconductive bone graft', '1 Zion Market Res', 'two BIOCERA-VET ® references', 'veterinary biotechnology company', 'osteoarticular disease treatments', 'Nicolas Fossiez theravet', 'Arthur RouillÃ© theravet', 'New therapeutic solutions', 'dynamic market', 'bone diseases', 'bone surgeries', 'The Company', 'OSTEOSARCOMA RTU', 'equine competition', 'equine applications', 'VISCO-VET ® Equine', 'equine version', 'veterinary medicine', 'osteoarticular treatments', 'pioneering company', 'invasive treatment', 'effective treatments', 'curative treatments', 'osteoarticular diseases', 'main indications', 'VISCO-VET ® ranges', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'worldwide population', 'important part', 'VISCO-VET ® program', 'high injectability', 'easy handling', 'high radiopacity', 'strong cohesiveness', 'negative impact', 'auction price', 'poor performance', 'dental problems', 'Investing.com', 'several launches', 'high-performance nutraceuticals', 'visco-regenerating gel', 'ligament injuries', 'targeted, safe', 'pet owners', 'major concern', 'effective response', 'growing needs', 'Euronext Growth ®', 'head office', 'US subsidiary', 'close collaboration', 'new line', 'palliative alternative', 'canine osteosarcoma', 'source version', 'Sabrina Ena', 'Investor Relatioons', 'Financial Communications', 'BIOCERA-VET ® OSTEO', 'BIOCERA-VET ® SMARTGRAFT', 'BIOCERA-VET ® GRANULES', 'BIOCERA-VET ® COMBO-CLEAN', 'BIOCERA-VET website', 'full range', '12 million animals', 'companion animals', 'competition horses', 'unique position', 'osteo-inductive properties', 'innovative, easy', 'TheraVet SA', 'TheraVet website', 'Positioning', 'Answer', 'GOSSELIES', 'Ticker', 'ALVET', 'management', 'pets', 'deployment', 'March', 'development', 'example', 'cementoplasty', 'presence', 'lameness', 'support', '19 cases', 'maxillofacial', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'products', 'NUTRA-VET', 'tendon', 'quality', 'life', 'joint', 'health', 'mission', 'order', 'field', 'Paris', 'Brussels', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'NASDAQ', 'X.', 'possibility', 'convenient', 'local', 'businesswire', 'investors', 'Tel', '32']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,investing.com
40559,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2876315/0/en/Virtualware-and-the-Centre-for-Integrated-Transportation-and-Mobility-partner-to-introduce-VIROO-platform-for-design-review-in-transportation-sector.html,Virtualware and the Centre for Integrated Transportation and Mobility partner to introduce VIROO platform for design review in transportation sector,Bilbao  Spain  April 7   2024.- Virtualware (EPA: MLVIR)  the European leader in virtual reality has signed a partnership agreement with the business accelerator for innovators in the smart  connected and electrified transportation sector  the Centre for Inte…,"Bilbao  Spain  April 7   2024.- Virtualware (EPA: MLVIR)  the European leader in virtual reality has signed a partnership agreement with the business accelerator for innovators in the smart  connected and electrified transportation sector  the Centre for Integrated Transportation and Mobility (CITM) to introduce the VR Platform VIROO into the transportation market.CITM  supported by Innovation Factory and funded through the Ontario Vehicle Innovation Network (OVIN) is a business accelerator program for startups driving the future of smart  connected and electrified transportation. This collaboration aims to transform the industry's design review process  utilizing virtual reality (VR) capabilities to amplify collaboration and streamline operations.The agreement will also reinforce VIROO’s presence in Ontario through its Hamilton location at McMaster Innovation Park (MIP) with McMaster University.“VIROO has the potential to streamline our client’s design review process significantly "" commented Richard Dunda  Director of CITM. ""The ability to visualize projects in a realistic virtual environment will undoubtedly enhance collaboration and drive better outcomes for transportation innovators working to bring their solutions to market.”Jesus Garrido  Global Sales Manager at Virtualware  emphasizes the significance of adding CITM to their Partner Programme  ""With CITM's support  we believe VIROO will revolutionize the way design reviews are conducted  offering a seamless and immersive experience for stakeholders.” Jesús adds  “This partnership will help solidify VIROO's position as a leader in immersive technology solutions for design review applications in Ontario's transportation sector.”Headquartered in Bilbao  Spain  Virtualware is a global pioneer in developing virtual reality solutions for major industrial  educational  and healthcare conglomerates. Since its founding in 2004  the company has garnered widespread recognition for its accomplishments. In 2021  Virtualware was acknowledged as the world’s most Innovative VR Company and since April 2023 the company has been listed on the Euronext Access Paris stock exchange (Ticker: MLVIR).Virtualware’s flagship product  VIROO  is redefining the realm of enterprise VR  driving its adoption forward  leveraging innovative and sustainable strategies. Recognized for its pioneering approach in the immersive technology sector  VIROO is rapidly becoming the global benchmark for the development and deployment of multi-user VR applications in industry and education.The VR as a service platform is already used by over 40 companies and institutions worldwide including GE Vernova  Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  Invest WindsorEssex  McMaster University  University of El Salvador  Conalep and EAN University.Safe HarborThis document is only provided for information purposes and does not constitute  nor should it be interpreted as  an offer to sell or exchange or acquire  or an invitation for offers to buy securities issued by any of the aforementioned companies. Any decision to buy or invest in securities in relation to a specific issue must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information set out in the pertinent prospectus filed by the company in relation to such specific issue. No one who becomes aware of the information contained in this report should regard it as definitive  because it is subject to changes and modifications.This document contains or may contain forward looking statements regarding intentions  expectations or projections of Virtualware 2007  S.A. (“Virtualware” or the “Company”) or of its management on the date thereof  that refer to or incorporate various assumptions and projections  including projections about the future earnings of the business. The statements contained herein are based on our current projections  but the actual results may be substantially modified in the future by various risks and other factors that may cause the results or final decisions to differ from such intentions  projections or estimates. These factors include  without limitation  (1) the market situation  macroeconomic factors  regulatory  political or government guidelines  (2) domestic and international stock market movements  exchange rates and interest rates  (3) competitive pressures  (4) technological changes  (5) alterations in the financial situation  creditworthiness or solvency of our customers  debtors or counterparts. These factors could cause or result in actual events differing from the information and intentions stated  projected or forecast in this document or in other past or future documents. Virtualware does not undertake to publicly revise the contents of this or any other document  either if the events are not as described herein  or if such events lead to changes in the information contained in this document. This disclaimer needs to be taken into account by those persons which may take a decision over the base of this document or to elaborate or disseminate opinions based hereof. This document may contain summarised information or information that has not been audited. This document is confidential and it cannot be revealed or disclosed to third parties different from the original recipients  even partially  without Virtualware’s prior consent.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.34,0.44,True,English,"['Integrated Transportation', 'Mobility partner', 'VIROO platform', 'design review', 'transportation sector', 'Virtualware', 'Centre', 'Euronext Access Paris stock exchange', 'international stock market movements', 'Ontario Vehicle Innovation Network', 'virtual reality (VR) capabilities', 'realistic virtual environment', 'design review process', 'design review applications', 'multi-user VR applications', 'McMaster Innovation Park', 'Global Sales Manager', 'virtual reality solutions', 'immersive technology sector', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'immersive technology solutions', 'electrified transportation sector', 'business accelerator program', 'VR Platform VIROO', 'Innovative VR Company', 'exchange rates', 'Innovation Factory', 'design reviews', 'immersive experience', 'enterprise VR', 'service platform', 'transportation market', 'global pioneer', 'global benchmark', 'market situation', 'Integrated Transportation', 'McMaster University', 'smart, connected', 'Hamilton location', 'Richard Dunda', 'Jesus Garrido', 'Partner Programme', 'Jesús', 'healthcare conglomerates', 'widespread recognition', 'flagship product', 'sustainable strategies', 'pioneering approach', 'GE Vernova', 'Spanish Ministry', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'El Salvador', 'Safe Harbor', 'specific issue', 'pertinent prospectus', 'S.A.', 'various assumptions', 'various risks', 'final decisions', 'government guidelines', 'interest rates', 'competitive pressures', 'financial situation', 'other past', 'EAN University', 'transportation innovators', 'European leader', 'future earnings', 'actual results', 'other factors', 'macroeconomic factors', 'future documents', 'technological changes', 'actual events', 'information purposes', 'current projections', 'other document', 'partnership agreement', 'Bilbao', 'Spain', 'April', 'Virtualware', 'EPA', 'MLVIR', 'Centre', 'Mobility', 'CITM', 'OVIN', 'startups', 'collaboration', 'industry', 'operations', 'presence', 'MIP', 'potential', 'client', 'Director', 'ability', 'projects', 'outcomes', 'significance', 'support', 'way', 'seamless', 'stakeholders', 'position', 'founding', 'accomplishments', 'world', 'Ticker', 'realm', 'adoption', 'development', 'deployment', 'education', '40 companies', 'institutions', 'Gestamp', 'ADIF', 'Defense', 'Conalep', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'relation', 'basis', 'report', 'modifications', 'statements', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'management', 'date', 'estimates', 'limitation', 'regulatory', 'political', 'domestic', 'alterations', 'creditworthiness', 'solvency', 'customers', 'debtors', 'counterparts', 'contents', 'disclaimer', 'account', 'persons', 'base', 'opinions']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40560,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2876313/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7265 £ 24.8404 Estimated MTD return 0.25 % 0.27 % Estimated YTD return 0.65 % 1.10 % Estimated ITD return 177.27 % 148.40 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.23 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.45 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.9033 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.2266The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '45']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40561,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRISMAFLEX-INTERNATIONAL-5169/news/Prismaflex-International-2023-2024-annual-revenue-EUR-51-7-million-in-line-with-expectations-46652263/,Prismaflex International :  2023-2024 annual revenue: EUR 51.7 million  in line with expectations - Significant improvement in expected profitability,(marketscreener.com)  Significant pointsPrinting activity is penalised by poor Home Decor results and an unfavourable exchange rate impact. Strong resilience of the Communications activity  repeating its performance of the previous year.Hardware activity…,"Significant pointsPrinting activity (-4.1%) is penalised by poor Home Decor results and an unfavourable exchange rate impact. Strong resilience of the Communications activity  repeating its performance of the previous year.Hardware activity is down by 20% compared with the record level attained the previous financial year  despite a return to growth in Q4 (+3%). The activity is however well up on 2021-2022 results (+13%).Order backlog on March 31  2024 stands at €7.8 millionAnnual consolidated sales figures (April 1  2023 – March 31  2024)12 months Q4 : Jan 1  2024 – March 31  2024 Not audited 12 Months 12 Months 3 Months 3 Months In €M 2023-2024 2022-2023 Var. % Q4 23-24 Q4 22-23 Var. % Printing activity 35.78 37.32 -4.1% 8.17 8.87 -7.9% Hardware activity 15.95 20.00 -20.2% 5.02 4.86 +3.1% Total sales 51.72 57.31 -9.8% 13.18 13.73 -4.0% Total constant currencies 52.53 57.31 -8.3% 13.17 13.73 -4.1%* The foreign exchange impact is mainly due to variations in the CAD and ZARIn Q4 2023-2024  Prismaflex International recorded total sales of €13.2 million (-4.0%)  down less  as expected  than over the first 9 months of the period. Q4 Hardware activity shows a return to growth thanks to strong business activity in France  while Printing activity was penalised by poor “Home Décor” results.This takes annual revenue to €51.7 million  representing a drop of -9.8% (-8.3% at constant exchange rates). Despite this evolution  the Group will report positive results thanks to an upturn in gross margin and the optimisation of costs.Printing activity for the year stands at €35.8 million  down -4.1% on the same period 2022-2023  just -2.5% at constant currencies. The Communications activity continues to prove its resilience with an essentially stable level of activity at €32.5 million. Home Decor figures however confirm a downturn in activity with total sales at €3.3 million  down €1.1 million on 2022-2023  as the activity continues to be hit by the progressive reduction in demand from a key commercial client.Hardware activity reported annual total sales at €16.0 million  down -20.2% (-19.3% at constant exchanges rates) on the previous year's record figures. This is the division's second-best performance  despite no substantial international orders this year other than from Italy. LED activity contributed €8.6 million compared with €13.1 million for 2022-2023. Total sales figures for the other activities on the other hand are up at €7.4 million vs €6.9 million in 2022-2023. This performance integrates notably a sharp rise in sales of printed face-tensioning advertising solutions to the retail sector.In terms of profitability  the actions deployed by Prismaflex International to absorb inflationary effects and a careful control of operating expenses are beginning to pay off. The Group anticipates a sharp improvement in performance  with an EBITDA margin expected at 7% of total sales.Outlook 2024-2025Prismaflex International begins the 2024-2025 financial year with an order backlog at €7.8 million on March 31  2024  €3.8 million for Printing and €4.0 million for Hardware. In the current economic context  commercial activity maintains its momentum  while a tendency among clients wishing for a shorter timeline between placing an order and delivery is worth noting.Order backlog for the Hardware division stands at €4.0 million  on a par with previous quarters. Prismaflex International continues to win business in France for LED solutions for the municipalities sector and benefits from increasing interest from the retail sector for printed face-tensioning advertising solutions. Internationally  a number of new orders have been won since closure with negotiations underway. This should lead to new business in the coming months.Order backlog for Printing activity at €3.8 million reflects the progressive reduction of orders from Home Decor's key commercial client. Subsequently  the Home Decor activity will now focus on specialised wall-paper retailors and the Group's website (www.scenolia.com). For the Communications activity  the outlook is bright with numerous opportunities for all the Group's printing plants.Prismaflex International intends to return to growth during the 2024-2025 financial year and to continue to prioritise improving operating profitability while carefully controlling operating expenses.Forthcoming dates :2023-2024 annual results figures  June 24  2024 after closure.PRISMAFLEX INTERNATIONALOUTDOOR ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS MANUFACTURER AND WIDE FORMAT DIGITAL PRINTINGISIN : FR0004044600-ALPRI - Reuters : ALPRI.PA – Bloomberg : ALPRI.FPEURONEXT GROWTHTMwww.prismaflex.comContacts :Florence Thérond – CFO - Phone: +33 (0)4 74 70 68 00 – finance@prismaflex.comGuillaume Le Floch – Analysts/investors contacts – Phone: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 70 - glefloch@actus.frMarie-Claude Triquet – Press relations - Phone: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 93 – mctriquet@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yWedlZdvYWbIx26aasaXb2lpnJqXk2CVm5eZmWVumJfHmW1jnJmTbsrGZnFmnGhq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85734-pri-07052024-ca-annual-23-24-gb-vf.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.34,0.64,0.02,mixed,0.41,0.17,0.41,True,English,"['2023-2024 annual revenue', 'Prismaflex International', 'Significant improvement', 'expected profitability', 'line', 'expectations', 'poor “Home Décor” results', 'unfavourable exchange rate impact', 'OUTDOOR ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS MANUFACTURER', 'poor Home Decor results', 'WIDE FORMAT DIGITAL PRINTING', '2023-2024 annual results figures', 'Annual consolidated sales figures', 'foreign exchange impact', 'Home Decor figures', 'face-tensioning advertising solutions', 'constant exchange rates', 'current economic context', 'specialised wall-paper retailors', 'Florence Thérond', 'Guillaume Le Floch', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'constant exchanges rates', 'key commercial client', 'Home Decor activity', '2024-2025 financial year', 'annual total sales', 'Total sales figures', 'Total constant currencies', 'previous financial year', 'substantial international orders', 'The Communications activity', 'strong business activity', '2021-2022 results', 'Q4 Hardware activity', 'positive results', 'annual revenue', 'record figures', 'LED solutions', 'commercial activity', 'previous year', 'previous quarters', 'Printing activity', 'printing plants', 'Significant points', 'Strong resilience', 'record level', 'gross margin', 'stable level', 'progressive reduction', 'LED activity', 'other activities', 'other hand', 'sharp rise', 'retail sector', 'inflationary effects', 'careful control', 'operating expenses', 'sharp improvement', 'EBITDA margin', 'shorter timeline', 'municipalities sector', 'new orders', 'new business', 'numerous opportunities', 'Forthcoming dates', 'EURONEXT GROWTHTM', 'Marie-Claude Triquet', 'Press relations', 'Prismaflex International', 'Order backlog', 'The Group', 'same period', 'Hardware division', 'operating profitability', 'investors contacts', 'first 9 months', 'coming months', 'best performance', '12 months', '3 Months', 'return', 'March', 'April', 'Jan', '€M', 'Var', 'CAD', 'ZAR', 'France', 'drop', 'evolution', 'upturn', 'optimisation', 'costs', 'downturn', 'demand', 'second', 'Italy', 'printed', 'terms', 'actions', 'Outlook', 'momentum', 'tendency', 'clients', 'delivery', 'par', 'benefits', 'interest', 'number', 'closure', 'negotiations', 'website', 'scenolia', 'ALPRI', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'CFO', 'Phone', 'glefloch', 'mctriquet', 'publication', 'yWedlZdvYWbIx26aasaXb2lpnJqXk2CVm5eZmWVumJfHmW1jnJmTbsrGZnFmnGhq']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40562,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2876474/0/en/Eviden-reinforces-its-end-to-end-cloud-offering-with-new-CloudSecOps-Center-an-integrated-center-of-Cloud-security-services-in-Timisoara-Romania.html,Eviden reinforces its end-to-end cloud offering with new CloudSecOps Center  an integrated center of Cloud security services  in Timisoara  Romania,Press Release  Eviden reinforces its end-to-end cloud offering with new CloudSecOps Center  an integrated center of Cloud security services  in...,Press ReleaseEviden reinforces its end-to-end cloud offering with new CloudSecOps Center  an integrated center of Cloud security services  in Timisoara  RomaniaComplements Eviden’s three Cloud Centers launched last yearParis  France and Timisoara  Romania – May 7  2024 – Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in digital  cloud  big data and security today announces the launch of its new CloudSecOps Center in Romania. Located in Timisoara  this innovative service center combines cloud and security capabilities  offering customers a unique portfolio of cloud services.Part of Eviden’s global network of Cloud Centers and connected with its 17 SOC (Security Operation Centers) managed by over 6 500 security specialists  the CloudSecOps Center in Romania will deliver advanced security operations for cloud services  compliant with European Union regulations.This new center is part of Eviden’s network of Cloud centers  making four in total (Engineering  Migration  Operations and Security) supporting customers worldwide at every stage of their cloud journey  from cloud migration and continuous optimization to accelerating innovation  all protected under the umbrella of cybersecurity. The project involves a close collaboration of Eviden’s OneCloud and Big Data & Security business lines to design  develop and deliver solutions  supporting Eviden’s approach for end-to-end cloud services at scale for its customers.“In a world where technology is the heartbeat of innovation  the Cloud SecOps Center in Timisoara stands as a beacon of excellence  merging the prowess of Eviden’s cloud and cybersecurity expertise to forge a fortress of cloud security.” said Chris Moret  Global Head of Cybersecurity Services at Eviden  Atos Group.“This center is a testament to the mastery of cloud technology  ensuring that all data is secure and compliant. With over 120 experts  it's a part of a global network that's setting the standard for cloud services. Here  expertise isn't just about using the cloud; it's about wielding it with finesse to secure business impact in all manner of applications and services while delivering trust to our customers.” said Steve Midgley  Head of Cloud  Eviden  Atos Group.Dominic Fritz  Mayor of Timisoara: “Technology is crucial for democracy. It plays a huge role  both as a threat but also as a solution. Digitalization in public administration is crucial for preserving trust in our governments and in the system of democracy. That’s why your Cloud Center is so important. Although your clients are not only in the public sector  your solutions are really and absolutely a crucial contribution to preserving democracy and good public life  not just in Romania but all over the world.”The center is committed to providing high-performance cloud services  alongside security solutions developed through a scalable delivery model  based on partnerships with global players as well as regionally relevant partners. The Eviden CloudSecOps Center is strategically positioned to facilitate the provision of complete digital security and cloud services  bringing added value to customers and will continuously grow  depending on the requirements and needs of each customer.***Additional information for journalistsEviden’s cloud centers:CloudSecOps Center – Located in Timisoara  Romania  this innovative service center combines cloud and security capabilities  offering customers a unique portfolio of cloud services.Cloud Migration Center - delivered from Pune  India  this best-in-class center  aligned with hyperscaler best practices  delivers migration and modernization services  leveraging IP  assets  resources and best practices.Cloud Engineering Center - delivered from Bydgoszcz  Poland  engineering cloud automation at scale  this center is an inclusive platform enabling customers to design  collaborate and create accelerated  innovative solutions and applications to solve complex challenges. Customers can leverage repetitive and automated patterns to automate the provision of cloud resources so that they may more rapidly map and match workloads to resource available and deploy new projects.Cloud Operations Center - delivered from Bangalore  India  this center delivers native CloudOps services  and IaaS and PaaS1 managed services  all based on global standards. This is in addition to FinOps and GreenOps to ensure continuous optimization and efficient use of the cloud  both in terms of reducing carbon footprint and optimising costs.About Eviden2Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 47 countries. Bringing together 47 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 95 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactFor Romania: Amira CIOBOTEA – amira-dana.ciobotea@eviden.com – 0040 757574214Global: Laura FAU – laura.fau@eviden.com – 0033 (0) 6 73 64 04 181 IaaS : Infrastructure as a Service – PaaS : Platform as a Service2 Eviden business is operated through the following brands: AppCentrica  ATHEA  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Profit4SF  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion. Eviden is a registered trademark.Eviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2024.Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.37,0.14,True,English,"['end cloud offering', 'Cloud security services', 'new CloudSecOps Center', 'integrated center', 'Eviden', 'Timisoara', 'Romania', '17 SOC (Security Operation Centers', 'The Eviden CloudSecOps Center', 'European Union regulations', 'scalable delivery model', 'worldwide leading positions', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'good public life', 'innovative service center', 'native CloudOps services', 'PaaS1 managed services', 'end cloud offering', 'hyperscaler best practices', 'Atos Group company', 'Security business lines', 'accelerated, innovative solutions', 'Atos Group business', 'three Cloud Centers', 'complete digital security', 'new CloudSecOps Center', 'next-gen technology leader', 'Cloud SecOps Center', 'end cloud services', 'high-performance cloud services', 'advanced security operations', 'Cloud Operations Center', 'Cloud security services', 'Cloud Migration Center', 'Cloud Engineering Center', 'new center', 'business impact', 'new projects', 'advanced computing', 'digital, cloud', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'public administration', 'public sector', 'integrated center', 'class center', 'modernization services', 'security capabilities', '6,500 security specialists', 'cloud journey', 'cloud automation', 'Press Release', 'unique portfolio', 'continuous optimization', 'close collaboration', 'Chris Moret', 'Steve Midgley', 'Dominic Fritz', 'huge role', 'crucial contribution', 'global players', 'relevant partners', 'Additional information', 'inclusive platform', 'complex challenges', 'automated patterns', 'global standards', 'efficient use', 'carbon footprint', 'data-driven, trusted', 'strong portfolio', 'patented technologies', '47,000 world-class talents', 'annual revenue', 'security solutions', 'Cybersecurity Services', 'global network', 'deep expertise', 'cloud technology', 'cloud resources', 'big data', 'Global Head', 'cybersecurity expertise', 'Complements Eviden', 'Timisoara', 'Romania', 'Paris', 'France', 'May', 'launch', 'customers', 'total', 'stage', 'innovation', 'umbrella', 'OneCloud', 'approach', 'heartbeat', 'beacon', 'excellence', 'prowess', 'fortress', 'testament', 'mastery', '120 experts', 'finesse', 'manner', 'applications', 'democracy', 'threat', 'Digitalization', 'governments', 'system', 'clients', 'partnerships', 'regionally', 'provision', 'value', 'requirements', 'needs', 'journalists', 'Pune', 'India', 'assets', 'Bydgoszcz', 'Poland', 'repetitive', 'workloads', 'Bangalore', 'IaaS', 'FinOps', 'GreenOps', 'terms', 'costs', 'Eviden2', 'industries', '47 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40563,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNIP-ENERGIES-N-V-118964900/news/Voting-results-of-the-2024-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Technip-Energies-46651774/,Voting results of the 2024 Annual General Meeting of Technip Energies,(marketscreener.com) Technip Energies   a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  today announced that all resolutions submitted to the shareholders for approval at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders were adopted. All …,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) (the “Company”)  a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  today announced that all resolutions submitted to the shareholders for approval at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders were adopted.All resolutions on the agenda were approved by shareholders with more than 90% of the votes  including adoption of the 2023 financial statements and the proposed dividend of EUR 0.57 per outstanding common share for the 2023 financial year. The Company’s 2023 Remuneration Report was adopted with 93.09% of votes in favor.The voting results are available at: https://investors.technipenergies.com/news-events/agmThe following calendar is applicable with respect to the dividend payment:Common Shares American Depositary Receipts Ex-dividend date May 21  2024 May 17  2024 Record date for dividend eligibility May 22  2024 May 20  2024 Payment of cash dividend May 23  2024 June 24  2024About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The Company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by an extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our clients’ innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADR”) program  with its ADRs trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comContactsInvestor Relations Media Relations Phillip Lindsay Jason Hyonne Vice-President Investor Relations Press Relations & Social Media Manager Tel: +44 207 585 5051 Tel: +33 1 47 78 22 89 Email: Phillip Lindsay Email: Jason HyonneImportant Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Technip Energies’ (the “Company”) intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company’s future results of operations  anticipated revenues  earnings  cashflows  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “intend”  “foresee”  “should”  “would”  “could”  “may”  “estimate”  “outlook”  and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company anticipates.All of the Company’s forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  some of which are significant or beyond the Company’s control  and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s historical experience and the Company’s present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see the Company’s risk factors set forth in the Company’s 2023 Annual Financial Report filed on March 8  2024  with the Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) and the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which include a discussion of factors that could affect the Company’s future performance and the markets in which the Company operates.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['2024 Annual General Meeting', 'Voting results', 'Technip Energies', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Vice-President Investor Relations Press Relations', 'Investor Relations Media Relations', 'robust project delivery model', 'Phillip Lindsay Jason Hyonne', 'Social Media Manager', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'clients’ innovative projects', 'outstanding common share', 'growing market positions', '2023 Annual Financial Report', 'Technip Energies shares', 'press release', 'Common Shares', '2023 Remuneration Report', 'leadership positions', '2023 financial year', 'financial condition', '2023 financial statements', 'leading Engineering', 'energy transition', 'following calendar', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'services offering', 'current expectations', 'similar expressions', 'future developments', 'business conditions', 'potential effect', 'historical experience', 'present expectations', 'future events', 'applicable law', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'voting results', 'future results', 'actual results', 'dividend eligibility', 'cash dividend', 'Ex-dividend date', 'Record date', 'material factors', 'risk factors', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Important Information', 'future performance', 'new information', 'underlying assumptions', 'inherent risks', 'dividend payment', 'Technology company', 'The Company', 'resolutions', 'shareholders', 'approval', 'agenda', 'votes', 'adoption', 'favor', 'investors', 'technipenergies', 'news-events', 'agm', 'respect', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADR', 'program', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'Securityholders', 'intentions', 'beliefs', 'projections', 'operations', 'revenues', 'earnings', 'cashflows', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'opportunities', 'markets', 'words', 'plan', 'outlook', 'absence', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'projected', 'AFM', 'AMF', 'discussion', 'duty', 'light', 'extent', 'Attachment', '44']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40564,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2876345/0/en/Press-release-Following-a-court-decision-Orange-announces-the-withdrawal-of-the-resolution-due-to-be-submitted-to-the-AGM-regarding-the-appointment-of-the-employee-shareholders-rep.html,Press release: Following a court decision  Orange announces the withdrawal of the resolution due to be submitted to the AGM regarding the appointment of the employee shareholders representative to the Board of Directors,Press releaseParis  7 May 2024   Following a court decision  Orange announces the withdrawal of the resolution due to be submitted to the AGM regarding...,"Press releaseParis  7 May 2024Following a court decision  Orange announces the withdrawal of the resolution due to be submitted to the AGM regarding the appointment of the employee shareholders representative to the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors of Orange met today to consider the implications of the decision rendered on 3 May by the Commercial Court of Nanterre. This decision  which follows a legal challenge by the union CFDT Orange  cancelled the second round of the pre-consultation to designate the candidate for the Board member representing employee shareholders.The Court considered inter alia that the campaign leading up to this pre-consultation was not conducted in accordance with the standards that apply in such electoral processes in terms of ethics and fairness. In particular  the Court reproached the union CFE-CGC Orange  which supported the candidacy of the leading pair after the second round  for having used extraordinary means in favor of this candidacy  which resulted in an influence on the vote and a manipulation of the electoral process.In the course of proceedings  the Court took note of practices that it considers do not correspond to fair and loyal debate. It therefore decided to cancel the second round of the pre-consultation  consequently rendering null and void the result of the vote with immediate effect.Considering this decision  the Board of directors has noted that resolution 7 of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on May 22 can no longer be presented. This resolution provided for the appointment of a Board member representing the employee shareholders from the pair supported by the CFE-CGC Orange. This is irrespective of the fact that the agenda of the meeting has been published  the legal information for shareholders and the invitation to the Annual General Meeting have been sent  and the voting period is open.As a result and in compliance with the applicable rules of information and communication  resolution 7 will not be submitted to a vote at the AGM and the votes already cast will not be counted.The Board also instructed the Group’s management to initiate a new procedure in order to present to a future General Meeting of shareholders a candidate (formed of a pair including a leading representative and a substitute) for this position.The Board of directors regrets the inappropriate practices highlighted by the Court in its decision and is taking measures to resolve the situation. The Board has therefore entrusted the Group’s management team with the objective of preventing the persistence of such improper practices as identified by the Court. This covers the application of accepted principles of ethics and fairness in electoral matters  and the requirement of equality in the means used conduct electoral campaigns.More specifically  the stakeholders involved will now be asked to commit themselves to ceasing any actions during future voting processes  including all practices identified by the Court  that could undermine the fairness of the elections and compromise the validity of the vote.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 39.7 billion euros in 2023 and 129 500 employees worldwide at 31 March 2024  including 72 500 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 282 million customers worldwide at 31 March 2024  including 243 million mobile customers and 21 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries (including non-consolidated countries). Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on X: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts:Frédéric Texier: fred.texier@orange.com ; +33 6 10 78 49 20Tom Wright: tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.62,0.35,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['employee shareholders representative', 'Press release', 'court decision', 'Orange', 'withdrawal', 'resolution', 'AGM', 'appointment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Frédéric Texier', '21 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'total customer base', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading telecommunications operators', '243 million mobile customers', 'new business model', 'union CFDT Orange', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', 'future General Meeting', 'union CFE-CGC Orange', 'future voting processes', 'employee shareholders representative', '282 million customers', 'new procedure', 'telecommunication services', 'leading representative', 'electoral processes', 'voting period', 'leading provider', 'Press release', 'legal challenge', 'second round', 'loyal debate', 'immediate effect', 'applicable rules', 'electoral matters', 'electoral campaigns', '39.7 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'symbol ORAN', 'service names', 'Press contacts', 'Tom Wright', 'Orange Business', 'leading pair', 'Board member', 'extraordinary means', 'The Board', 'inappropriate practices', 'management team', 'improper practices', 'consolidated countries', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'Commercial Court', 'The Court', 'legal information', 'court decision', '26 countries', '7 May', 'withdrawal', 'resolution', 'AGM', 'appointment', 'Directors', 'implications', '3 May', 'Nanterre', 'pre-consultation', 'candidate', 'accordance', 'standards', 'terms', 'ethics', 'fairness', 'candidacy', 'favor', 'influence', 'vote', 'manipulation', 'course', 'proceedings', 'note', 'result', 'fact', 'agenda', 'invitation', 'compliance', 'order', 'substitute', 'position', 'measures', 'situation', 'objective', 'persistence', 'application', 'principles', 'requirement', 'equality', 'stakeholders', 'actions', 'elections', 'validity', 'world', 'revenues', '129,500 employees', '31 March', '72,500 employees', 'France', 'February', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'internet', 'material', 'trademarks', 'fred', 'Attachment', '2023']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40565,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46643322/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7265 £ 24.8404 Estimated MTD return 0.25 % 0.27 % Estimated YTD return 0.65 % 1.10 % Estimated ITD return 177.27 % 148.40 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.23 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.45 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.9033 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.2266The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '45']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40566,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BARCLAYS-PLC-9583556/news/Race-for-Europe-s-first-real-time-stock-trade-tape-heats-up-46643782/,Race for Europe's first 'real-time' stock trade tape heats up,(marketscreener.com) Banks and asset managers are vying with Europe's exchanges to develop technology that can deepen the pool of investors in the continent's capital markets and better compete with Wall Street. The United States has long had a 'consolidated…,"LONDON (Reuters) - Banks and asset managers are vying with Europe's exchanges to develop technology that can deepen the pool of investors in the continent's capital markets and better compete with Wall Street.The United States has long had a 'consolidated tape' aggregating stock and bond prices from competing trading platforms for investors to spot the best deals  and the European Union and Britain seek to match this over the coming three years.""The purpose of the tape is to democratise access to market data and to make sure that everybody is seeing the full breadth and depth of the market "" said Natan Tiefenbrun  president of North American and European equities at Cboe Global Markets  a pan-European stock exchange.The current ""messy"" and fragmented system for market data discourages investors  Tiefenbrun added.EU securities watchdog ESMA said it will consult before the end of May on its criteria for selecting winning bidders to run a tape for bonds initially  and then one for stocks.The two contenders that have emerged so far to run an EU stocks tape highlight the tensions between exchanges and banks and asset managers over the price of market data.Exchanges had opposed a tape in order to guard their lucrative data  while asset managers and banks say there would be no data without their trades. To bring exchanges on board  the EU has mandated exchange contributions to a tape.EuroCTP  backed by 14 exchanges including Deutsche Boerse and Euronext  is moving early by investing millions of euros to start building a stocks tape now  before any regulatory nod.A little further behind  French consultancy Adamantia launched a feasibility study for a stocks tape in 2021  with support from Barclays  BNP Paribas  Credit Agricole  Deutsche Bank  Societe Generale and UniCredit.Adamantia said it was securing an investment plan and selecting a technology company for a tape  backed by 10 buy- and sell-side institutions.""Once we finalise this step  the objective is to form a joint-candidature ... and prepare for the upcoming ESMA tender "" said Adamantia partner Antoine Pertriaux.ESMA is expected to invite bidders for a bond tape by early next year  and for a stocks tape after that.An Oliver Wyman report for European exchanges industry body FESE estimated it would cost up to 98 million euros ($105.09 million) to build a stocks tape  but proponents say a single real-time snapshot of prices would make cross-border trading in Europe easier and lure more investors. Only large market participants with deep pockets can typically afford to get prices from the many trading platforms dotted across the EU.In the United States  the consolidated tape electronic system has been in place for decades  overseen by the Consolidated Tape Association  a grouping of exchange participants including the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq.OPERATIONAL PHASEBritain is also making plans for its own tapes  overseen by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).""By building a more complete picture of the market  a tape will reinforce the UK's position as a leading centre for the listing and trading of bonds "" said Sarah Pritchard  FCA executive director for markets.European funds industry body EFAMA says a tape should serve market participants and in ""no way be used to render European exchanges' own proprietary feeds more attractive"".EuroCTP CEO Eglantine Desautel told Reuters there is a need to begin building the EU tape given it has to knit together 300 trading and trade reporting platforms across Europe.""We are moving to the operational phase right now  and in the beginning of 2025 will have the first elements for testing "" Desautel said.Tiefenbrun said Cboe was potentially interested in being part of a stocks tape in the EU and one in Britain  adding there is ""nervousness"" over EuroCTP.""Will the shareholders of EuroCTP deliver what the industry wants or will their long-term interests be better served by a tape that protects their existing market data revenues?""EuroCTP said it will act with ""full autonomy"" to serve all market participants.Britain's FCA is due to set out further details on what a UK tape would look like  starting with bonds.The London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) said a UK stocks tape should be limited to prices of completed transactions  narrower than the EU tape  which will also include indicative ""pre-trade"" prices. A tape ""cannot be both operationally robust and low-cost""  LSEG said in a paper published last month.On the bonds side  a major EU and UK contender  a troika of Bloomberg  MarketAxess and Tradeweb  threw in the towel earlier this year  citing complexity.This left Etrading Software alone for now  with CEO Sassan Danesh saying the company plans to bid for both the EU and UK bond tapes  citing its neutrality.""We are a technology company  and we are happy to make money from the technology and operations  we are not looking to make money from the data "" Danesh said.($1 = 0.9326 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones  editing by Sinead Cruise and Susan Fenton)By Huw Jones",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.22,0.76,True,English,"[""first 'real-time' stock trade tape"", 'Race', 'Europe', 'The London Stock Exchange Group', 'An Oliver Wyman report', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Adamantia partner Antoine Pertriaux', 'European funds industry body', 'existing market data revenues', 'consolidated tape electronic system', 'EuroCTP CEO Eglantine Desautel', 'European exchanges industry body', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'The United States', 'coming three years', 'early next year', 'single real-time snapshot', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'trade reporting platforms', 'CEO Sassan Danesh', 'competing trading platforms', 'many trading platforms', 'Consolidated Tape Association', 'EU securities watchdog', 'upcoming ESMA tender', 'FCA executive director', 'indicative ""pre-trade"" prices', 'large market participants', 'Cboe Global Markets', 'UK bond tapes', 'UK stocks tape', 'EU stocks tape', 'fragmented system', 'European Union', 'European equities', 'UK contender', 'UK tape', 'asset managers', 'capital markets', 'Wall Street', 'best deals', 'full breadth', 'North American', 'two contenders', 'lucrative data', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'regulatory nod', 'French consultancy', 'feasibility study', 'BNP Paribas', 'Credit Agricole', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Societe Generale', 'investment plan', 'cross-border trading', 'deep pockets', 'OPERATIONAL PHASE', 'complete picture', 'leading centre', 'Sarah Pritchard', 'proprietary feeds', 'first elements', 'long-term interests', 'full autonomy', 'Etrading Software', 'Huw Jones', 'Sinead Cruise', 'Susan Fenton', 'bond prices', 'major EU', 'EU tape', 'winning bidders', 'Natan Tiefenbrun', '98 million euros', 'bonds side', 'technology company', '300 trading', '14 exchanges', '0.9326 euros', 'Reuters', 'Banks', 'pool', 'investors', 'continent', 'Britain', 'purpose', 'access', 'everybody', 'depth', 'president', 'May', 'criteria', 'tensions', 'trades', 'board', 'contributions', 'Euronext', 'millions', 'support', 'Barclays', 'UniCredit', 'institutions', 'step', 'objective', 'joint-candidature', 'FESE', 'proponents', 'place', 'decades', 'grouping', 'Nasdaq', 'plans', 'position', 'listing', 'EFAMA', 'way', 'need', 'beginning', 'testing', 'nervousness', 'shareholders', 'details', 'LSEG', 'transactions', 'paper', 'troika', 'Bloomberg', 'MarketAxess', 'Tradeweb', 'towel', 'complexity', 'neutrality', 'money', 'operations']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40567,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNOVA-N-V-20366366/news/Cnova-N-V-Appointment-of-new-non-executive-director-and-Notice-of-the-2024-Annual-General-Meeting-46645253/,Cnova N.V. - Appointment of new non-executive director and Notice of the 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,(marketscreener.com) CNOVA N.V. Appointment of new non-executive director and Notice of the 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Amsterdam – May 7  2024  08:30 CEST — Cnova N.V. announces that Mrs. Béatrice Davourie was appointed as replacement non-exe…,"CNOVA N.V.Appointment of new non-executive director andNotice of the 2024 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersAmsterdam – May 7  2024  08:30 CEST — Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) announces that Mrs. Béatrice Davourie was appointed as replacement non-executive director and Chairman of the Board of Cnova NV  effective as per May 10  2024.Mrs. Davourie serves as General Counsel at the Casino Group. Prior to joining Casino  she held senior legal executive positions at Groupe Louis Delhaize and CapGemini. Among others  she holds an Executive MBA from ESSEC business school and a master’s degree in corporate and tax law from Paris Panthéon-Assas University.Cnova also today published the notice for its 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (the “AGM”) on its website at www.cnova.com. The AGM is to be held on Friday  June 21  2024  at 11:30 CEST  at Beethovenstraat 400  1082 PR Amsterdam  the Netherlands. As explained in the notice and the explanatory notes relating to the AGM  the agenda for the AGM  as proposed by the Company's Board of Directors (the ""Board"")  is as follows:Opening of the AGM Board report for the financial year 2023 (discussion item) Remuneration report for the financial year 2023 (advisory voting item) Allocation of results and dividend policy (discussion item) Adoption of the annual accounts for the financial year 2023 (voting item) Release from liability of the members of the Board with respect to the performance of their duties during the financial year 2023 (voting item) Instruction to KPMG Accountants N.V. as the external auditor of the Company for the financial year 2024 (voting item) Adoption of the remuneration policy for the Board (voting item) Appointment of Mrs. Béatrice Davourie as Non-Executive Director (voting item) Reappointment of Mr. Silvio José Genesini Junior as Non-Executive Director (voting item) Authorization of the Board to acquire ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (voting item) Delegation of the authority to issue ordinary shares and special voting shares and to grant rights to subscribe for such shares (voting item) Delegation of the authority to limit and exclude pre-emption rights in respect of any issue of ordinary shares or any granting of rights to subscribe for such shares (voting item) Questions Closing of the AGMThe AGM notice and agenda  the explanatory notes thereto  the 2023 Annual Report  as well as the proxy card forms are available at Cnova’s website at www.cnova.com.***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 7.2 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel and entertainment services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-Logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Casino group  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel: +33 6 79 74 30 94 Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel: +33 6 17 76 79 71Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Cnova N.V.', 'new non-executive director', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'Appointment', 'Notice', 'Shareholders', 'Mr. Silvio José Genesini Junior', 'senior legal executive positions', 'Paris Panthéon-Assas University', 'Mrs. Béatrice Davourie', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'Groupe Louis Delhaize', 'ESSEC business school', 'proxy card forms', '7.2 million active customers', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'logistic ecommerce solution', 'global diversified retailer', 'French ecommerce leader', 'innovative payment solutions', 'CNOVA N.V.', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'new non-executive director', 'replacement non-executive director', 'special voting shares', 'advisory voting item', 'Mrs. Davourie', 'The AGM notice', 'AGM Board report', 'Euronext Paris', 'Executive MBA', 'Media contact', '2023 Annual Report', 'General Counsel', 'annual accounts', 'Service solutions', 'French law', 'financial year', 'Remuneration report', 'Cnova NV', 'tax law', 'explanatory notes', 'dividend policy', 'external auditor', 'remuneration policy', 'Questions Closing', 'B2C clients', 'wide variety', 'entertainment services', 'B2B clients', 'advertising services', 'news releases', 'gereglementeerde informatie', 'financieel toezicht', 'ordinary shares', 'press release', 'Casino Group', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', '1082 PR Amsterdam', 'pre-emption rights', 'art website', 'Cdiscount Advertising', 'discussion item', 'Appointment', 'Shareholders', 'May', '08:30 CEST', 'CNV', 'Company', 'Chairman', 'CapGemini', 'others', 'master', 'degree', 'corporate', 'Friday', 'June', '11:30 CEST', 'Beethovenstraat', 'Netherlands', 'agenda', 'Directors', 'Opening', 'Allocation', 'results', 'Adoption', 'liability', 'members', 'respect', 'performance', 'duties', 'Instruction', 'Authorization', 'capital', 'Delegation', 'authority', 'issue', 'granting', 'state', 'product', 'fast', 'practical', 'travel', 'Octopia', 'sellers', 'brands', 'C-Logistics', 'part', 'sites', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'Tel', 'directiondelacommunication', 'solis', 'Attachment', '33']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40568,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/Nanobiotix-Notice-ADSs-agenda-and-summaries-of-resolutions-shareholders-general-meeting-May-46653207/,Nanobiotix : Notice ADSs agenda and summaries of resolutions – shareholders' general meeting May 28  2024,(marketscreener.com)    Depositary's Notice of   Combined Shareholders' Meeting of   Nanobiotix S.A.      ADSs:     American Depositary Shares. ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/Nanobiotix-Notice-ADSs-…,"Depositary's Notice of Combined Shareholders' Meeting of Nanobiotix S.A. ADSs: American Depositary Shares. ADS CUSIP No.: 63009J107. ADS Record Date: April 29  2024. Date to determine ADS Holders who are to receive these materials and who are eligible to give voting instructions to the Depositary upon the terms described herein. French Record Date: May 24  2024 at 12:01 A.M. (CET). Date on which ADS Holders are required under French Law to hold their interest in the Deposited Securities in order to be eligible to vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Meeting Specifics: Combined Shareholders' Meeting to be held on May 28  2024 at 2:00 P.M. (CET) at 60  rue de Wattignies 75012 Paris  France (the ""Meeting""). Meeting Agenda: The agenda has been reproduced on the Voting Instructions Card. You may also view the Company's Notice of Meeting beginning on May 3  2024 and other relevant documents at the Company's website: https://ir.nanobiotix.com/annual-general-meetings/. ADS Voting Deadline: On or before 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on May 21  2024.* Deposited Securities: Ordinary shares  nominal value €0.03 per share (the ""Shares"")  of Nanobiotix S.A.  a company organized under the laws of France (the ""Company""). ADS Ratio: One (1) Share to one (1) ADS. Depositary: Citibank  N.A. Custodian of Deposited Securities: Citibank Europe plc. Deposit Agreement: Deposit Agreement  dated as of December 15  2020  by and among the Company  the Depositary  and all Holders and Beneficial Owners of ADSs issued thereunder. To be counted  your Voting Instructions need to be received by the Depositary prior to 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on May 21  2024. ADS holders must deliver their voting instructions in good form  to be received by the Depositary by this date - May 21  2024 - 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) in order to be counted. The Company's enclosed Notice of Meeting refers to voting deadlines as per local market regulations. The attached important notice is specific to all holders holding ADSs as of the ADS Record Date and the French Record Date.The Company has announced that the Meeting will be held at the date  time and location identified above. The meeting agenda has been repro- duced on the Voting Instructions Card. Copies of some Company materials such as the procedures for obtaining preparatory documents and the Company's Notice of Meeting on May 3  2024 at the Company's website: https://ir.nanobiotix.com/annual-general-meetings.The information with respect to the Meeting and the ADS Voting Instructions contained herein and in any related materials may change after the date hereof as a result of a change in circumstances (e.g. an adjournment or cancellation of the Meeting  a change in location and/or manner of holding the Meeting). The Company intends to announce any changes and updates only on its websitehttps://ir.nanobiotix.com/annual-general-meetings.We encourage you to check the referenced Company website for any updates to the information with respect to the Meeting and the ADS Voting Instructions as it is not expected that any additional information will be distributed to you via mail or email. The enclosed materials are provided to allow you to vote at the Meeting. The Company has requested the Depositary to provide you with instructions on the voting process. As set forth in Section 4.10 of the Deposit Agreement and the Form of ADR  Holders of record of ADSs as of the close of business on the ADS Record Date who continue to hold their ADS as of the French Record Date will be entitled  subject to any applicable law  the provisions of the Deposit Agreement  French law and the By-Laws of the Company and the provisions of or governing the Deposited Securities  to instruct the Depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights  if any  pertaining to the Shares represented by such Holders' ADSs. If you do not wish to vote as an ADS holder but rather wish to vote as a holder of the Company's Shares  you will need to arrange for the cancellation of your ADSs and become a Share holder in France before the French Record Date. You are advised to proceed with the cancellation of your ADSs well in advance of the French Record Date as the cancellation of ADSs and the delivery of the corresponding Shares in France may be subject to unexpected processing delays. Please note that the Company has informed the Depositary that under French company law and the Company's By-Laws  in order to exercise voting rights holders of Shares in registered form must have their Shares registered in their own name  or where applicable in the name of a registered financial intermediary  in a share account maintained by or on behalf of the Company by the Share Registrar as of the French Record Date. In order to exercise voting rights holders of Share in bearer form are required to have their Shares registered in their own name  or where applicable  in the name of a registered financial intermediary and obtain from an accredited financial intermediary  and provide to the Company  an attendance certificate attesting to the registration of such Shares in the financial intermediary's account as of the French Record Date. Please further note that a holder as of the ADS Record Date who desires to exercise its voting rights with respect to ADSs representing Shares in registered or bearer form is required to: (a) be a holder of the ADSs as of the French Record Date  (b) deliver voting instructions to the Depositary by the ADS Voting Deadline  (c) instruct the Depositary to request that the Custodian deliver a voting form to the Company prior to the deadline established by the Company  and (d) in the case of ADSs representing Shares in bearer form  instruct the Depositary to request that the Custodian deposit the requisite attendance certificate with the Company. The delivery of voting instructions by an ADS Holder to the Depositary shall be deemed instructions to request delivery of the voting form and the attendance certificate. If the Depositary receives from a Holder voting instructions which fail to specify the manner in which the Depositary is to vote the Deposited Securities represented by such Holder's ADSs  the Depositary will deem such Holder to have instructed the Depositary to vote in favor of all resolutions endorsed by the Company's supervisory board. Deposited Securities represented by ADSs for which no timely voting instructions are received by the Depositary from the Holder  the Depositary shall (unless otherwise specified in the notice distributed to Holders) deem such Holder  to have instructed the Depositary to give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by the Company to vote the Deposited Securities; provided  however  that no such discretionary proxy shall be given by the Depositary with respect to any matter to be voted upon as to which the Company informs the Depositary that (i) the Company does not wish such proxy to be given  (ii) substantial opposition exists  or (iii) the right of Holders of Deposited Securities may be materially adversely effected. Additionally  the Company has informed the Depositary that  under French company law  shareholders holding a certain percentage of the Company's Shares  the workers' council or the supervisory board may submit a new resolution and the supervisory board may also modify the resolutions proposed in the Company's Notice of Meeting. In such case  ADS Holders who have given prior instructions to vote on such resolutions shall be deemed to have voted in favor of the new or modified resolutions if approved by the supervisory board and against if not approved by the Company's supervisory board. The attached document entitled Questions and Answers (""Q&A"") should answer most of your questions on the voting process and instruct you on the proper use of the Voting Instructions Card. Upon receipt from a Holder (as of the ADS Record Date and who continues to hold the ADS as of the French Record Date) of a signed and completed Voting Instructions Card prior to the ADS Voting Instructions Deadline  the Depositary shall endeavor  insofar as practicable and permitted under any applicable provisions of French law and the Company's By-Laws  to cause to be voted the Shares represented by such ADSs. Please note that Voting Instructions may be given only in respect of a number of ADSs representing an integral number of Shares. The information enclosed herewith with respect to the Meeting has been provided by the Company. Citibank  N.A. is forwarding this information to you solely as depositary and in accordance with the terms of the Deposit Agreement and disclaims any responsibility with respect to the accuracy or completeness of such information. Citibank  N.A. does not  and should not be deemed to  express any opinion with respect to the proposals to be considered at the Meeting. If you wish to receive a copy of the Deposit Agreement  please contact the Depositary at the number set forth below. If you have any questions concerning the enclosed material or if you need further explanation of the questions covered therein  please call Citibank  N.A. - ADR Shareholder Services toll-free at 877-CITI-ADR(877-248-4237). Citibank  N.A.  as DepositaryExhibit A NANOBIOTIX Combined Shareholders' Meeting of 28 May  2024 Agenda First Resolution Approval of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 Second resolution Approval of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 Third resolution Allocation of results for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (acknowledgement that the loss for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 amounts to € 30 370 333.55; and approval to allocate the aforementioned losses to the ""retained earnings"" debit account) Fourth resolution Acknowledgement of the restoring of the equity capital of the Company (French legal requirement) Fifth resolution Review of the agreements referred to in Articles L. 225-86 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (absence of any agreements referred to in the aforementioned articles) Sixth resolution Approval of the fixed  variable of overall compensation and benefits of all types paid or assigned during the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 to Mr. Laurent Levy in his capacity of Chairman of the executive board  as approved by the supervisory board in accordance with the principles and criteria approved by the shareholders' meeting on 27 June 2023 pursuant to its twelfth resolution. Seventh resolution Approval of the fixed  variable of overall compensation and benefits of all types paid or assigned during the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 to Ms. Anne-Juliette Hermant  in her capacity of member of the executive board and under her employment contract  as approved by the supervisory board in accordance with the principles and criteria approved by the shareholders' meeting on 27 June 2023 pursuant to its twelfth resolution. Eighth resolution Approval of the fixed  variable of overall compensation and benefits of all types paid or assigned during the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 to Mr. Bartholomeus van Rhijn  in his capacity of member of the executive board and under his employment contract  as approved by the supervisory board in accordance with the principles and criteria approved by the shareholders' meeting on 27 June 2023 pursuant to its twelfth resolution. Ninth resolution Approval of the fixed  variable of overall compensation and benefits of all types paid or assigned during the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 to Mr. Gary Phillips  in his capacity of chairman of the supervisory board  as approved by the supervisory board in accordance with the principles and criteria approved by the shareholders' meeting on 27 June 2023 pursuant to its eleventh resolution Tenth resolution Approval of the information set out in Article L.22-10-9 of the French Commercial Code relating to compensation of non-executive corporate officers of Nanobiotix  Eleventh resolution Approval of the overall compensation envelop (431 250€) for the Supervisory Board in respect of the 2024 and subsequent financial years Twelfth resolution Approval of the compensation policy for the Supervisory Board members in respect of the 2024 financial year Thirteenth resolution Approval of the compensation policy (principles and criteria) to Mr. Laurent Levy in his capacity of Chairman of the executive board for the 2024 financial year Fourteenth resolution Approval of the compensation policy (principles and criteria) to Ms Anne-Juliette Hermant as member of the Executive Board and under her employment contract in respect of the 2024 financial year Fifteenth resolution Approval of the compensation policy (principles and criteria) to Mr. Bartholomeus van Rhijn as member of the Executive Board and under his employment contract in respect of the 2024 financial year Sixteenth resolution Approval of the compensation policy (principles and criteria) to Mr. Louis Kayitalire as member of the Executive Board and under his employment contract in respect of the 2024 financial year  subject to the approval of the change the statutory age limit for executive board members and to articles of association as a result  and to his nomination as executive board member by the supervisory board Seventeenth resolution Renewal of the appointment of Grant Thornton as statutory auditor for a term of six years Eighteenth resolution Appointment of KPMG SA as new statutory auditor for a term of six years  in replacement of Ernst & Young et Autres which term of offices is expiring Nineteenth resolution Approval of the 2023 Stock Option Plan adopted by the executive board at its meeting held on July 20  2023 Twentieth resolution Authorization to be granted to the executive board to buy back Company shares (Such authorization may be restrictively used to: ensure the liquidity of the Company's shares under a liquidity contract with an investment services provider  in accordance with the market practice accepted by the French Financial Markets Authority in terms of the liquidity contract over shares;fulfill obligations related to stock option programs  stock awards  salary savings  or other stock allowances to employees and officers of the Company or related companies;deliver shares upon the exercise of rights attached to securities giving access to the capital;buy shares for conservation and subsequent delivery for exchange or payment in the context of any external growth operations  in particular in compliance with stock market regulations;cancel all or part of the shares thus acquired;and  generally  to operate for any purpose which would come to be authorized by the law or any market practice which would come to be accepted by the market authorities  being specified that  in such a scenario  the Company would inform its shareholders by way of press release) Twenty-first resolution Renewal of the appointment of Ms. Anne-Marie Graffin as member of the Supervisory Board member for a duration of four years (derogating from the six-year period of the by- laws) Twenty-second resolution Renewal of the appointment of Mr. Alain Herrera as member of the Supervisory Board member for a duration of four years (derogating from the six-year period of the by-laws) Twenty-third resolution Modification of the statutory age limit for executive board members to raise it from 65 to 75 - Modification of the bylaws as a resultTwenty-fourth resolution Modification of the article 17 of the bylaws to remove the reference prohibiting the impossibility for Supervisory Board members to participate in the deliberations on review of annual accounts and management report via teleconference or videoconference Twenty-fifth resolution Update of the article 27 of the bylaws applicable in case of losses recorded in the financial statements should cause the shareholders' equity in the company to fall below half of the registered capital - modification of the bylaws as a result Twenty-sixth resolution Authorization to be given to the executive board to reduce the share capital through the cancellation of shares within the framework of the authorization to buy back Company shares Twenty-seventh resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities giving access to the share capital  while maintaining shareholders preferential subscription rights (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases which may be carried out  immediately or in the future  by virtue of this delegation thus granted would be set at 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital) Twenty-eighth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities giving access to the share capital  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights by way of a public offering (excluding offerings referred to in paragraph 1 of Article L. 411-2of the French Financial and Monetary Code) (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases which may be carried out  immediately or in the future  by virtue of this delegation thus granted would be set at 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital. The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-52 and R. 22-10-32 of the French Commercial Code or  in the event of the minimum issue price of the shares in question is no more enshrined in law  the issue price of the shares must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  and it being specified that in the event of the issuance of securities giving access to the capital  the issue price of the shares likely to result from their exercise  conversion or exchange may be set  where applicable  at the discretion of the executive board  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the executive board and applicable after the issuance of said securities (for example during their exercise  conversion or exchange) in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the executive board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of said formula (and not on the date of pricing)  Twenty-ninth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities giving access to the share capital  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights  within the framework of an offering referred to in paragraph 1 of Article L. 411-2of the French Financial and Monetary Code (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  nor  in any event  exceed the limits provided for by the regulations applicable on the date of issue (for information  as of the date of this shareholders' meeting  the issuance of equity securities by way of an offering referred to in paragraph 1 of Article L. 411-2 of Monetary and Financial Code is limited to 20% of the Company's capital per year  said capital being assessed on the day of the executive board's decision to use this delegation)  maximum amount to which shall be added  where applicable  the additional amount of shares to be issued to preserve  in accordance with legal or regulatory provisions and  where applicable  the applicable contractual provisions  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the share capital. The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-52 and R. 22-10-32 of the French Commercial Code or  in the event of the minimum issue price of the shares in question is no more enshrined in law  the issue price of the shares must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  and it being specified that in the event of the issuance of securities giving access to the capital  the issue price of the shares likely to result from their exercise  conversion or exchange may be set  where applicable  at the discretion of the executive board  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the executive board and applicable after the issuance of said securities (for example during their exercise  conversion or exchange) in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the executive board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of said formula (and not on the date of pricing)  Thirtieth resolution Authorization to the executive board  in the event of the issuance of shares or any transferable security giving access to the capital with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights  in order to set the issue price within the limit of 10% of the share capital and within the limits set by the shareholders' meeting (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-52 and R. 22-10-32 of the French Commercial Code or  in the event of the minimum issue price of the shares in question is no more enshrined in law  the issue price of the shares must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  and it being specified that in the event of the issuance of securities giving access to the capital  the issue price of the shares likely to result from their exercise  conversion or exchange may be set  where applicable  at the discretion of the executive board  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the executive board and applicable after the issuance of said securities (for example during their exercise  conversion or exchange) in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the executive board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of said formula (and not on the date of pricing)  Thirty-first resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital immediately or at a later date through the issuance of ordinary shares and/or securities  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of a category of persons meeting specific characteristics in the context of the implementation of an equity or bond financing agreement  (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital. This delegation will allow the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares as well as any securities - without preferential subscription rights - to the benefit of a category of persons meeting the following specific characteristics within the framework of an equity or bond financing agreement: any credit institution  investment services provider  investment fund or company undertaking to subscribe for or guarantee the completion of the capital increase or any issue of securities which may result in a future capital increase (including  in particular  through the exercise of share warrants) which may be carried out pur suant to this delegation of authority in connection with the implementation of an equity or bond financing contract.The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board and must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  and it being specified that in the event of the issuance of securities giving access to the capital  the issue price of the shares likely to result from their exercise  conversion or exchange may be set  where applicable  at the discretion of the executive board  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the executive board and applicable after the issuance of said securities (for example during their exercise  conversion or exchange) in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the executive board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of said formula (and not on the date of pricing)  Thirty-second resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to issue new shares  immediately or at a later date  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of a category of persons meeting specific characteristics in the context of the implementation of an equity on the ""At-the-market""or ""ATM"" program Nasdaq market  (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital. The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board and must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%.) Thirty-third resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of categories of persons meeting specific characteristics(investors with experience in the health or biotechnology sector; credit institu- tions  investment services providers or a member of an investment syndicate guaranteeing the completion of the issuance in question)  including  where applicable  an ""At-the-market"" or ""ATM3"" (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital. This delegation will allow the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares as well as any securities - without preferential subscription rights - to the benefit of a category of persons meeting the following specific characteristics: all natural or legal persons (including all companies)  trusts and investment funds  or other investment vehicles  whatever their form (including  without limitation  any investment fund or venture capital companies  in particular any FPCI  FCPI or FIP)  governed by French or foreign law  whether they are shareholders of the Company or not  that invest on a regular basis  or that have invested more than €1 million over the 36 month-period preceding the issuance  in the health or biotech nology sectors  and/or any credit institution  any investment service provider  as well as any investment fund or company undertaking to subscribe for or guarantee the completion of the share capital increase or of any issuance likely to result in a share capital increase in the future which could be completed pursuant to this delegation and subscribed by the persons referred to in (i) above  and  in this context  to subscribe for the securities issued  The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board and must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  and it being specified that in the event of the issuance of securities giving access to the capital  the issue price of the shares likely to result from their exercise  conversion or exchange may be set  where applicable  at the discretion of the executive board  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the executive board and applicable after the issuance of said securities (for example during their exercise  conversion or exchange) in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the executive board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of said formula (and not on the date of pricing)  Thirty-fourth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or securities giving access to the share capital  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of a category of persons meeting specific characteristics(industrial companies  institutions or entities active in the health or biotechnology sector) (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital. This delegation will allow the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares as well as any securities - without preferential subscription rights - to the benefit of a category of persons meeting the following specific characteristics:: Industrial companies  institutions or entities of any kind  French or foreign  active in the health or biotechnology sector  directly or through a controlled company or a company over which they are controlled within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 I of the French Commercial Code  where applicable  when entering into a commer cial agreement  a financing agreement or a partnership with the Company. The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board and must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%.) Thirty-fifth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the number of securities to be issued in the event of a capital increase with or without preferential subscription rights (In accordance with the provisions of articles L. 225-129  L. 225-129-2  L. 225-135 et seq. L. 228-91 and L 228-92 of Frenc the Commercial Code  this delegation would allow the executive board to increase the number of shares or securities to be issued in the event of oversubscription in the context of the Company's capital increases with or without preferential subscription rights decided on by virtue of the resolutions described above  under the conditions provided for in Articles L. 225-135-1 and R. 225-118 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  to date  within thirty days of the closing of the subscription period  at the same price as that used for the initial issue and up to a limit of 15% of the initial issue)  said shares conferring the same rights as the existing shares  subject to their date of dividend entitlement. Thirty-sixth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board for the purpose of issuing ordinary shares and securities granting access to the Company's capital  in the event of a tender offer with an exchange component initiated by the Company (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.38,0.32,True,English,"[""shareholders' general meeting"", 'ADSs agenda', 'Nanobiotix', 'Notice', 'summaries', 'resolutions', 'New York City time', 'Nanobiotix S.A. ADSs', 'rue de Wattignies', 'local market regulations', 'unexpected processing delays', 'other relevant documents', 'ADS CUSIP No.', 'registered financial intermediary', 'accredited financial intermediary', 'N.A. Custodian', 'ADS Voting Deadline', 'Voting Instructions Card', 'French Record Date', ""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'ADS Record Date', 'ADS Voting Instructions', 'voting rights holders', 'French company law', 'American Depositary Shares', 'French Law', 'voting deadlines', 'voting process', 'preparatory documents', 'ADS Ratio', 'ADS Holders', 'applicable law', '12:01 A.M.', 'Deposited Securities', 'nominal value', 'Deposit Agreement', 'Beneficial Owners', 'attendance certificate', 'ADS. Depositary', 'share account', 'Share Registrar', 'Meeting Specifics', 'Citibank Europe', 'good form', 'related materials', 'bearer form', 'Ordinary shares', 'The Company', 'corresponding Shares', ""Holders' ADSs"", 'additional information', 'Share holder', 'Meeting Agenda', 'important notice', 'Company materials', 'Company website', '10:00 A', 'April', 'terms', 'May', 'CET', 'interest', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'annual-general-meetings', 'laws', 'December', 'enclosed', 'location', 'Copies', 'procedures', 'respect', 'result', 'change', 'circumstances', 'adjournment', 'cancellation', 'manner', 'updates', 'websitehttps', 'mail', 'Section', 'ADR', 'business', 'provisions', 'exercise', 'advance', 'delivery', 'name', 'behalf', 'registration', '2:00', '60']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40569,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/Nanobiotix-Notice-RADSs-agenda-and-summaries-of-resolutions-shareholders-general-meeting-Ma-46653209/,Nanobiotix : Notice RADSs agenda and summaries of resolutions – shareholders' general meeting May 28  2024,(marketscreener.com)    Depositary's Notice of   Combined Shareholders' Meeting of   Nanobiotix S.A.      ADSs:     Restricted American Depositary Shares. ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/Nanobiotix-N…,"Depositary's Notice of Combined Shareholders' Meeting of Nanobiotix S.A. ADSs: Restricted American Depositary Shares. ADS CUSIP No.: 63009J990. ADS Record Date: April 29  2024. Date to determine ADS Holders who are to receive these materials and who are eligible to give voting instructions to the Depositary upon the terms described herein. French Record Date: May 24  2024 at 12:01 A.M. (CET). Date on which ADS Holders are required under French Law to hold their interest in the Deposited Securities in order to be eligible to vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Meeting Specifics: Combined Shareholders' Meeting to be held on May 28  2024 at 2:00 P.M. (CET) at 60  rue de Wattignies 75012 Paris  France (the ""Meeting""). Meeting Agenda: The agenda has been reproduced on the Voting Instructions Card. You may also view the Company's Notice of Meeting beginning on May 3  2024 and other relevant documents at the Company's website: https://ir.nanobiotix.com/annual-general-meetings/. ADS Voting Deadline: On or before 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on May 21  2024.* Deposited Securities: Ordinary shares  nominal value €0.03 per share (the ""Shares"")  of Nanobiotix S.A.  a company organized under the laws of France (the ""Company""). ADS Ratio: One (1) Share to one (1) ADS. Depositary: Citibank  N.A. Custodian of Deposited Securities: Citibank Europe plc. Deposit Agreement: Deposit Agreement  dated as of December 15  2020  as supplemented by the Restricted ADS Letter Agreement  dated as of July 19  2023  by and among the Company  the Depositary  and all Holders and Beneficial Owners of ADSs issued thereunder. To be counted  your Voting Instructions need to be received by the Depositary prior to 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on May 21  2024. ADS holders must deliver their voting instructions in good form  to be received by the Depositary by this date - May 21  2024 - 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) in order to be counted. The Company's enclosed Notice of Meeting refers to voting deadlines as per local market regulations. The attached important notice is specific to all holders holding ADSs as of the ADS Record Date and the French Record Date.The Company has announced that the Meeting will be held at the date  time and location identified above. The meeting agenda has been repro- duced on the Voting Instructions Card. Copies of some Company materials such as the procedures for obtaining preparatory documents and the Company's Notice of Meeting on May 3  2024 at the Company's website: https://ir.nanobiotix.com/annual-general-meetings.The information with respect to the Meeting and the ADS Voting Instructions contained herein and in any related materials may change after the date hereof as a result of a change in circumstances (e.g. an adjournment or cancellation of the Meeting  a change in location and/or manner of holding the Meeting). The Company intends to announce any changes and updates only on its websitehttps://ir.nanobiotix.com/annual-general-meetings.We encourage you to check the referenced Company website for any updates to the information with respect to the Meeting and the ADS Voting Instructions as it is not expected that any additional information will be distributed to you via mail or email. The enclosed materials are provided to allow you to vote at the Meeting. The Company has requested the Depositary to provide you with instructions on the voting process. As set forth in Section 4.10 of the Deposit Agreement and the Form of ADR  Holders of record of ADSs as of the close of business on the ADS Record Date who continue to hold their ADS as of the French Record Date will be entitled  subject to any applicable law  the provisions of the Deposit Agreement  French law and the By-Laws of the Company and the provisions of or governing the Deposited Securities  to instruct the Depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights  if any  pertaining to the Shares represented by such Holders' ADSs. If you do not wish to vote as an ADS holder but rather wish to vote as a holder of the Company's Shares  you will need to arrange for the cancellation of your ADSs and become a Share holder in France before the French Record Date. You are advised to proceed with the cancellation of your ADSs well in advance of the French Record Date as the cancellation of ADSs and the delivery of the corresponding Shares in France may be subject to unexpected processing delays. Please note that the Company has informed the Depositary that under French company law and the Company's By-Laws  in order to exercise voting rights holders of Shares in registered form must have their Shares registered in their own name  or where applicable in the name of a registered financial intermediary  in a share account maintained by or on behalf of the Company by the Share Registrar as of the French Record Date. In order to exercise voting rights holders of Share in bearer form are required to have their Shares registered in their own name  or where applicable  in the name of a registered financial intermediary and obtain from an accredited financial intermediary  and provide to the Company  an attendance certificate attesting to the registration of such Shares in the financial intermediary's account as of the French Record Date. Please further note that a holder as of the ADS Record Date who desires to exercise its voting rights with respect to ADSs representing Shares in registered or bearer form is required to: (a) be a holder of the ADSs as of the French Record Date  (b) deliver voting instructions to the Depositary by the ADS Voting Deadline  (c) instruct the Depositary to request that the Custodian deliver a voting form to the Company prior to the deadline established by the Company  and (d) in the case of ADSs representing Shares in bearer form  instruct the Depositary to request that the Custodian deposit the requisite attendance certificate with the Company. The delivery of voting instructions by an ADS Holder to the Depositary shall be deemed instructions to request delivery of the voting form and the attendance certificate. If the Depositary receives from a Holder voting instructions which fail to specify the manner in which the Depositary is to vote the Deposited Securities represented by such Holder's ADSs  the Depositary will deem such Holder to have instructed the Depositary to vote in favor of all resolutions endorsed by the Company's supervisory board. Deposited Securities represented by ADSs for which no timely voting instructions are received by the Depositary from the Holder  the Depositary shall (unless otherwise specified in the notice distributed to Holders) deem such Holder  to have instructed the Depositary to give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by the Company to vote the Deposited Securities; provided  however  that no such discretionary proxy shall be given by the Depositary with respect to any matter to be voted upon as to which the Company informs the Depositary that (i) the Company does not wish such proxy to be given  (ii) substantial opposition exists  or (iii) the right of Holders of Deposited Securities may be materially adversely effected. Additionally  the Company has informed the Depositary that  under French company law  shareholders holding a certain percentage of the Company's Shares  the workers' council or the supervisory board may submit a new resolution and the supervisory board may also modify the resolutions proposed in the Company's Notice of Meeting. In such case  ADS Holders who have given prior instructions to vote on such resolutions shall be deemed to have voted in favor of the new or modified resolutions if approved by the supervisory board and against if not approved by the Company's supervisory board. The attached document entitled Questions and Answers (""Q&A"") should answer most of your questions on the voting process and instruct you on the proper use of the Voting Instructions Card. Upon receipt from a Holder (as of the ADS Record Date and who continues to hold the ADS as of the French Record Date) of a signed and completed Voting Instructions Card prior to the ADS Voting Instructions Deadline  the Depositary shall endeavor  insofar as practicable and permitted under any applicable provisions of French law and the Company's By-Laws  to cause to be voted the Shares represented by such ADSs. Please note that Voting Instructions may be given only in respect of a number of ADSs representing an integral number of Shares. The information enclosed herewith with respect to the Meeting has been provided by the Company. Citibank  N.A. is forwarding this information to you solely as depositary and in accordance with the terms of the Deposit Agreement and disclaims any responsibility with respect to the accuracy or completeness of such information. Citibank  N.A. does not  and should not be deemed to  express any opinion with respect to the proposals to be considered at the Meeting. If you wish to receive a copy of the Deposit Agreement  please contact the Depositary at the number set forth below. If you have any questions concerning the enclosed material or if you need further explanation of the questions covered therein  please call Citibank  N.A. - ADR Shareholder Services toll-free at 877-CITI-ADR(877-248-4237). Citibank  N.A.  as DepositaryExhibit A NANOBIOTIX Combined Shareholders' Meeting of 28 May  2024 Agenda First Resolution Approval of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 Second resolution Approval of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 Third resolution Allocation of results for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (acknowledgement that the loss for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 amounts to € 30 370 333.55; and approval to allocate the aforementioned losses to the ""retained earnings"" debit account) Fourth resolution Acknowledgement of the restoring of the equity capital of the Company (French legal requirement) Fifth resolution Review of the agreements referred to in Articles L. 225-86 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (absence of any agreements referred to in the aforementioned articles) Sixth resolution Approval of the fixed  variable of overall compensation and benefits of all types paid or assigned during the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 to Mr. Laurent Levy in his capacity of Chairman of the executive board  as approved by the supervisory board in accordance with the principles and criteria approved by the shareholders' meeting on 27 June 2023 pursuant to its twelfth resolution. Seventh resolution Approval of the fixed  variable of overall compensation and benefits of all types paid or assigned during the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 to Ms. Anne-Juliette Hermant  in her capacity of member of the executive board and under her employment contract  as approved by the supervisory board in accordance with the principles and criteria approved by the shareholders' meeting on 27 June 2023 pursuant to its twelfth resolution. Eighth resolution Approval of the fixed  variable of overall compensation and benefits of all types paid or assigned during the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 to Mr. Bartholomeus van Rhijn  in his capacity of member of the executive board and under his employment contract  as approved by the supervisory board in accordance with the principles and criteria approved by the shareholders' meeting on 27 June 2023 pursuant to its twelfth resolution. Ninth resolution Approval of the fixed  variable of overall compensation and benefits of all types paid or assigned during the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 to Mr. Gary Phillips  in his capacity of chairman of the supervisory board  as approved by the supervisory board in accordance with the principles and criteria approved by the shareholders' meeting on 27 June 2023 pursuant to its eleventh resolution Tenth resolution Approval of the information set out in Article L.22-10-9 of the French Commercial Code relating to compensation of non-executive corporate officers of Nanobiotix  Eleventh resolution Approval of the overall compensation envelop (431 250€) for the Supervisory Board in respect of the 2024 and subsequent financial years Twelfth resolution Approval of the compensation policy for the Supervisory Board members in respect of the 2024 financial year Thirteenth resolution Approval of the compensation policy (principles and criteria) to Mr. Laurent Levy in his capacity of Chairman of the executive board for the 2024 financial year Fourteenth resolution Approval of the compensation policy (principles and criteria) to Ms Anne-Juliette Hermant as member of the Executive Board and under her employment contract in respect of the 2024 financial year Fifteenth resolution Approval of the compensation policy (principles and criteria) to Mr. Bartholomeus van Rhijn as member of the Executive Board and under his employment contract in respect of the 2024 financial year Sixteenth resolution Approval of the compensation policy (principles and criteria) to Mr. Louis Kayitalire as member of the Executive Board and under his employment contract in respect of the 2024 financial year  subject to the approval of the change the statutory age limit for executive board members and to articles of association as a result  and to his nomination as executive board member by the supervisory board Seventeenth resolution Renewal of the appointment of Grant Thornton as statutory auditor for a term of six years Eighteenth resolution Appointment of KPMG SA as new statutory auditor for a term of six years  in replacement of Ernst & Young et Autres which term of offices is expiring Nineteenth resolution Approval of the 2023 Stock Option Plan adopted by the executive board at its meeting held on July 20  2023 Twentieth resolution Authorization to be granted to the executive board to buy back Company shares (Such authorization may be restrictively used to: ensure the liquidity of the Company's shares under a liquidity contract with an investment services provider  in accordance with the market practice accepted by the French Financial Markets Authority in terms of the liquidity contract over shares;fulfill obligations related to stock option programs  stock awards  salary savings  or other stock allowances to employees and officers of the Company or related companies;deliver shares upon the exercise of rights attached to securities giving access to the capital;buy shares for conservation and subsequent delivery for exchange or payment in the context of any external growth operations  in particular in compliance with stock market regulations;cancel all or part of the shares thus acquired;and  generally  to operate for any purpose which would come to be authorized by the law or any market practice which would come to be accepted by the market authorities  being specified that  in such a scenario  the Company would inform its shareholders by way of press release) Twenty-first resolution Renewal of the appointment of Ms. Anne-Marie Graffin as member of the Supervisory Board member for a duration of four years (derogating from the six-year period of the by- laws) Twenty-second resolution Renewal of the appointment of Mr. Alain Herrera as member of the Supervisory Board member for a duration of four years (derogating from the six-year period of the by-laws) Twenty-third resolution Modification of the statutory age limit for executive board members to raise it from 65 to 75 - Modification of the bylaws as a resultTwenty-fourth resolution Modification of the article 17 of the bylaws to remove the reference prohibiting the impossibility for Supervisory Board members to participate in the deliberations on review of annual accounts and management report via teleconference or videoconference Twenty-fifth resolution Update of the article 27 of the bylaws applicable in case of losses recorded in the financial statements should cause the shareholders' equity in the company to fall below half of the registered capital - modification of the bylaws as a result Twenty-sixth resolution Authorization to be given to the executive board to reduce the share capital through the cancellation of shares within the framework of the authorization to buy back Company shares Twenty-seventh resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities giving access to the share capital  while maintaining shareholders preferential subscription rights (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases which may be carried out  immediately or in the future  by virtue of this delegation thus granted would be set at 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital) Twenty-eighth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities giving access to the share capital  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights by way of a public offering (excluding offerings referred to in paragraph 1 of Article L. 411-2of the French Financial and Monetary Code) (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases which may be carried out  immediately or in the future  by virtue of this delegation thus granted would be set at 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital. The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-52 and R. 22-10-32 of the French Commercial Code or  in the event of the minimum issue price of the shares in question is no more enshrined in law  the issue price of the shares must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  and it being specified that in the event of the issuance of securities giving access to the capital  the issue price of the shares likely to result from their exercise  conversion or exchange may be set  where applicable  at the discretion of the executive board  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the executive board and applicable after the issuance of said securities (for example during their exercise  conversion or exchange) in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the executive board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of said formula (and not on the date of pricing)  Twenty-ninth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities giving access to the share capital  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights  within the framework of an offering referred to in paragraph 1 of Article L. 411-2of the French Financial and Monetary Code (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  nor  in any event  exceed the limits provided for by the regulations applicable on the date of issue (for information  as of the date of this shareholders' meeting  the issuance of equity securities by way of an offering referred to in paragraph 1 of Article L. 411-2 of Monetary and Financial Code is limited to 20% of the Company's capital per year  said capital being assessed on the day of the executive board's decision to use this delegation)  maximum amount to which shall be added  where applicable  the additional amount of shares to be issued to preserve  in accordance with legal or regulatory provisions and  where applicable  the applicable contractual provisions  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the share capital. The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-52 and R. 22-10-32 of the French Commercial Code or  in the event of the minimum issue price of the shares in question is no more enshrined in law  the issue price of the shares must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  and it being specified that in the event of the issuance of securities giving access to the capital  the issue price of the shares likely to result from their exercise  conversion or exchange may be set  where applicable  at the discretion of the executive board  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the executive board and applicable after the issuance of said securities (for example during their exercise  conversion or exchange) in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the executive board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of said formula (and not on the date of pricing)  Thirtieth resolution Authorization to the executive board  in the event of the issuance of shares or any transferable security giving access to the capital with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights  in order to set the issue price within the limit of 10% of the share capital and within the limits set by the shareholders' meeting (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-52 and R. 22-10-32 of the French Commercial Code or  in the event of the minimum issue price of the shares in question is no more enshrined in law  the issue price of the shares must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  and it being specified that in the event of the issuance of securities giving access to the capital  the issue price of the shares likely to result from their exercise  conversion or exchange may be set  where applicable  at the discretion of the executive board  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the executive board and applicable after the issuance of said securities (for example during their exercise  conversion or exchange) in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the executive board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of said formula (and not on the date of pricing)  Thirty-first resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital immediately or at a later date through the issuance of ordinary shares and/or securities  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of a category of persons meeting specific characteristics in the context of the implementation of an equity or bond financing agreement  (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital. This delegation will allow the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares as well as any securities - without preferential subscription rights - to the benefit of a category of persons meeting the following specific characteristics within the framework of an equity or bond financing agreement: any credit institution  investment services provider  investment fund or company undertaking to subscribe for or guarantee the completion of the capital increase or any issue of securities which may result in a future capital increase (including  in particular  through the exercise of share warrants) which may be carried out pur suant to this delegation of authority in connection with the implementation of an equity or bond financing contract.The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board and must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  and it being specified that in the event of the issuance of securities giving access to the capital  the issue price of the shares likely to result from their exercise  conversion or exchange may be set  where applicable  at the discretion of the executive board  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the executive board and applicable after the issuance of said securities (for example during their exercise  conversion or exchange) in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the executive board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of said formula (and not on the date of pricing)  Thirty-second resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to issue new shares  immediately or at a later date  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of a category of persons meeting specific characteristics in the context of the implementation of an equity on the ""At-the-market""or ""ATM"" program Nasdaq market  (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital. The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board and must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%.) Thirty-third resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of categories of persons meeting specific characteristics(investors with experience in the health or biotechnology sector; credit institu- tions  investment services providers or a member of an investment syndicate guaranteeing the completion of the issuance in question)  including  where applicable  an ""At-the-market"" or ""ATM3"" (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital. This delegation will allow the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares as well as any securities - without preferential subscription rights - to the benefit of a category of persons meeting the following specific characteristics: all natural or legal persons (including all companies)  trusts and investment funds  or other investment vehicles  whatever their form (including  without limitation  any investment fund or venture capital companies  in particular any FPCI  FCPI or FIP)  governed by French or foreign law  whether they are shareholders of the Company or not  that invest on a regular basis  or that have invested more than €1 million over the 36 month-period preceding the issuance  in the health or biotech nology sectors  and/or any credit institution  any investment service provider  as well as any investment fund or company undertaking to subscribe for or guarantee the completion of the share capital increase or of any issuance likely to result in a share capital increase in the future which could be completed pursuant to this delegation and subscribed by the persons referred to in (i) above  and  in this context  to subscribe for the securities issued  The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board and must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  and it being specified that in the event of the issuance of securities giving access to the capital  the issue price of the shares likely to result from their exercise  conversion or exchange may be set  where applicable  at the discretion of the executive board  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the executive board and applicable after the issuance of said securities (for example during their exercise  conversion or exchange) in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the executive board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of said formula (and not on the date of pricing)  Thirty-fourth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or securities giving access to the share capital  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of a category of persons meeting specific characteristics(industrial companies  institutions or entities active in the health or biotechnology sector) (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital. This delegation will allow the executive board to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares as well as any securities - without preferential subscription rights - to the benefit of a category of persons meeting the following specific characteristics:: Industrial companies  institutions or entities of any kind  French or foreign  active in the health or biotechnology sector  directly or through a controlled company or a company over which they are controlled within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 I of the French Commercial Code  where applicable  when entering into a commer cial agreement  a financing agreement or a partnership with the Company. The issue price of the shares that may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be set by the executive board and must be at least equal to the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the pricing  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%.) Thirty-fifth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board to increase the number of securities to be issued in the event of a capital increase with or without preferential subscription rights (In accordance with the provisions of articles L. 225-129  L. 225-129-2  L. 225-135 et seq. L. 228-91 and L 228-92 of Frenc the Commercial Code  this delegation would allow the executive board to increase the number of shares or securities to be issued in the event of oversubscription in the context of the Company's capital increases with or without preferential subscription rights decided on by virtue of the resolutions described above  under the conditions provided for in Articles L. 225-135-1 and R. 225-118 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  to date  within thirty days of the closing of the subscription period  at the same price as that used for the initial issue and up to a limit of 15% of the initial issue)  said shares conferring the same rights as the existing shares  subject to their date of dividend entitlement. Thirty-sixth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the executive board for the purpose of issuing ordinary shares and securities granting access to the Company's capital  in the event of a tender offer with an exchange component initiated by the Company (This new delegation would terminate the delegation with the same purpose granted by the combined shareholders' meeting of June 23  2023. The overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this delegation  may not exceed 1 413 999.84 euros  to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.36,0.62,True,English,"[""shareholders' general meeting"", 'RADSs agenda', 'Nanobiotix', 'Notice', 'summaries', 'resolutions', 'New York City time', 'Restricted ADS Letter Agreement', 'Restricted American Depositary Shares', 'Nanobiotix S.A. ADSs', 'rue de Wattignies', 'local market regulations', 'unexpected processing delays', 'ADS CUSIP No.', 'other relevant documents', 'registered financial intermediary', 'accredited financial intermediary', 'N.A. Custodian', 'ADS Voting Deadline', 'Voting Instructions Card', 'French Record Date', 'ADS Record Date', ""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'ADS Voting Instructions', 'voting rights holders', 'French company law', 'French Law', 'voting deadlines', 'voting process', 'ADS Ratio', 'preparatory documents', 'ADS Holders', 'Deposit Agreement', 'applicable law', '12:01 A.M.', 'Deposited Securities', 'nominal value', 'Beneficial Owners', 'ADS. Depositary', 'share account', 'Share Registrar', 'Meeting Specifics', 'Ordinary shares', 'corresponding Shares', 'Citibank Europe', 'good form', 'related materials', 'bearer form', 'The Company', ""Holders' ADSs"", 'additional information', 'Share holder', 'Meeting Agenda', 'important notice', 'Company materials', 'Company website', '10:00 A', 'April', 'terms', 'May', 'CET', 'interest', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'annual-general-meetings', 'laws', 'December', 'July', 'enclosed', 'location', 'Copies', 'procedures', 'respect', 'result', 'change', 'circumstances', 'adjournment', 'cancellation', 'manner', 'updates', 'websitehttps', 'mail', 'Section', 'ADR', 'business', 'provisions', 'exercise', 'advance', 'delivery', 'name', 'behalf', '2:00', '60']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40570,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2877278/0/en/DBV-Technologies-Reports-First-Quarter-2024-Financial-Results-and-Business-Update.html,DBV Technologies Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Results and Business Update,Montrouge  France  May 7  2024  DBV Technologies Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Results and Business Update  VITESSE enrollment on track to...,Montrouge  France  May 7  2024DBV Technologies Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Results and Business UpdateVITESSE enrollment on track to screen last patient by Q3 2024Appointment of Robert Pietrusko  PharmD to Chief Regulatory OfficerQ1 2024 closes with a cash balance of $101.5 millionDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need  today reported financial results for the first quarter 2024. The quarterly financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on May 7  2024.Recent Business DevelopmentsClinical and Regulatory UpdateEnrollment for VITESSE  DBV’s Phase 3 pivotal study of the modified Viaskin Peanut patch in children ages 4 through 7 years with peanut allergy passed the halfway point for recruitment in Q1 and continues to be on track to screen the last patient by Q3 2024. VITESSE is a trial evaluating efficacy and safety in approximately 600 subjects (randomized 2:1) with 86 participating sites in US  Canada  Europe  UK and Australia.“We are pleased with VITESSE enrollment rates and thrilled that our sites in Europe and the UK are actively enrolling subjects and have increased the momentum for VITESSE ” said Pharis Mohideen  M.D. Chief Medical Officer at DBV Technologies. “This comes on the heels of the February AAAAI meeting where there was tremendous interest in Viaskin Peanut and standing room only  record breaking attendance at our product theatre “Importance of Early Intervention for Peanut Allergy.”The Company submitted the protocol for its COMFORT Toddlers supplemental safety study in 1 through 3-year-olds to the FDA on November 9  2023. The Company and the FDA are engaged in ongoing dialogue related to the program.Appointment of Robert Pietrusko  Chief Regulatory OfficerDBV has strengthened its regulatory expertise by appointing Robert Pietrusko  PharmD  to the position of Chief Regulatory Officer. Bob brings a wealth of expertise to DBV through his more than four decades of biopharmaceutical regulatory experience.Bob joins DBV from Vor Bio  where he has served as Chief Regulatory Officer since April 2020. He previously served as Senior Vice President of Regulatory Affairs & Quality Assurance at Voyager Therapeutics  Inc.  and as Vice President of Global Regulatory Affairs and Quality at ViroPharma Incorporated (acquired by Shire in 2013). He has served in regulatory and quality assurance roles of increasing responsibility at Millennium Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Takeda in 2008) and SmithKline Beecham (part of GlaxoSmithKline).Bob has led the regulatory effort leading to more than 35 BLA/NDA/MAA approvals globally including in the US across many FDA Divisions at both the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER) and the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER). He is also a leader in regulatory policy through his involvement as Chair of the Regulatory Affairs Committee of the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine (ARM) and an appointed member of the Regulatory Affairs committee of the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapies (ASGCT).“Bob brings to DBV extensive regulatory affairs and quality expertise  and his leadership is an important addition to the company ” stated Daniel Tassé  Chief Executive Officer of DBV Technologies. “In addition to his deep understanding of complex development programs  he has a proven track record of shepherding multiple products through the regulatory process to approval across the various divisions of the FDA. Bob’s guidance will be instrumental as we continue the development of Viaskin Peanut in toddlers and children. We are thrilled to welcome him to our team.”Financial Highlights for the First Quarter Ended March 31  2024The Company’s interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31  2024  are prepared in accordance with accounting principles in the U.S. (“U.S. GAAP”).Cash and Cash EquivalentsIn millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP three months ended March 31 2024 2023 Net cash & cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 141 4 209 2 Net cash flow used in operating activities (34 7) (20 8) Net cash flow provided by / (used in) investing activities (2 1) - Net cash flow provided by / (used in) financing activities (0 1) - Effect of exchange rate changes on cash & cash equivalents (3 0) 3 9 Net cash & cash equivalents at the end of the period 101 5 192 3Cash and cash equivalents amount to $101 5 million as of March 31  2024  compared to $141 4 million as of December 31  2023  a net decrease by $39 8 million including $34 7 million of net cash flow used in operating activities  mainly external clinical-related expenses explained by progress on patient enrollment in VITESSE Phase 3 clinical trial.The Company has incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of the date of the filing  the Company’s available cash and cash equivalents are not projected to be sufficient to support its operating plan for at least the next 12 months. As such  there is substantial doubt regarding the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.Based on our current operations  as well as our plans and assumptions  we expect that our balance of cash and cash equivalents of $101.5 million as of March 31  2024  will be sufficient to fund our operations until December 31  2024. The Company intends to seek additional capital as it continues research and development efforts and prepares for the launch of Viaskin Peanut  if approved.Operating IncomeIn millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP three months ended March 31 2024 2023 Research tax credits 1 4 1 8 Other operating income - 0 4 Operating income 1 4 2 .2Operating income amounts to $1 4 million for the first 3 months ended March 31  2024  compared with $2 2 million for the same period in 2023  a decrease by $0 8 million mainly resulting from the contract termination with Nestlé Health Science for $0 4 million.Operating ExpensesIn millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP three months ended March 31 2024 2023 Research & Development 21 4 16 0 Sales & Marketing 0 8 0 5 General & Administrative 7 8 6 9 Operating expenses 30 0 23 4Operating expenses amount to $30 million in the first quarter  compared with $23 4 million at March 31  2023  an increase of $6 6 million mainly due to the increase in research and development activities in particular VITESSE Phase 3 clinical trial.Net Loss and Net Loss Per ShareU.S. GAAP three months ended March 31 2024 2023 Net income / (loss) (in millions of USD) (27 3) (20 6) Basic / diluted net income / (loss) per share (USD/share) (0 28) (0 22)Net result for the first three months ended March 31  2024  is a loss amounting to $27 3 million  compared to a loss amounting to $20 6 million for the first three months ended March 31  2023.On a per share basis  net loss (based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding over the period) is $0 28 for the first three months ended March 31  2024.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (unaudited)In millions of USDU.S. GAAP March 31  2024 December 31  2023 Assets 145 9 183 0 of which cash & cash equivalents 101 5 141 4 Liabilities 34 2 42 8 Shareholders’ equity 111 7 140 2 of which net result (27 3) (72 7)CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited)In millions of USDU.S. GAAP Three months ended March 31 2024 2023 Revenues 1 4 2 2 Research & Development (21 4) (16 0) Sales & Marketing (0 8) (0.5) General & Administrative (7 8) (6 9) Operating expenses (30 0) (23 4) Financial income/(expenses) 1 2 0 6 Income tax - - Net loss (27 3) (20 6) Basic/diluted net loss per share attributable to shareholders (0 28) (0 22)CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited)In millions of USDU.S. GAAP Three months ended March 31 2024 2023 Net cash flows provided / (used) in operating activities (34 7) (20 8) Net cash flows provided / (used) in investing activities (2 1) - Net cash flows provided / (used) in financing activities (0 1) - Effect of exchange rate changes on cash & cash equivalents (U.S. GAAP presentation) (3 0) 3 9 Net increase / (decrease) in cash & cash equivalents (39 9) (16 9) Net cash & cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 141 4 209 2 Net cash & cash equivalents at the end of the period 101 5 192 3About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need. DBV is currently focused on investigating the use of its proprietary technology platform  Viaskin™  to address food allergies  which are caused by a hypersensitive immune reaction and characterized by a range of symptoms varying in severity from mild to life-threatening anaphylaxis. Millions of people live with food allergies  including young children. Through epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT™)  the Viaskin platform is designed to introduce microgram amounts of a biologically active compound to the immune system through intact skin. EPIT is a new class of non-invasive treatment that seeks to modify an individual’s underlying allergy by re-educating the immune system to become desensitized to allergen by leveraging the skin’s immune tolerizing properties. DBV is committed to transforming the care of food allergic people. The Company’s food allergy programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut in peanut allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years of age) and children (4 through 7 years of age).DBV Technologies is headquartered in Montrouge  France  with North American operations in Warren  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).For more information  please visit www.dbv-technologies.com and engage with us on X (formerly Twitter) and LinkedIn.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding DBV’s financial condition  forecast of its cash runway  the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut and EPIT™  designs of DBV’s anticipated clinical trials  DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  and DBV’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in DBV’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including in DBV’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the SEC on March 7  2024  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by DBV. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Viaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologieskatie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAurora KrauseDBV Technologiesaurora.krause-ext@dbv-technologies.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.6,0.08,0.32,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'DBV Technologies', 'Business Update', 'interim condensed consolidated financial statements', 'M.D. Chief Medical Officer', 'COMFORT Toddlers supplemental safety study', 'significant unmet medical need', 'First Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'Phase 3 pivotal study', 'VITESSE Phase 3 clinical trial', 'quarterly financial statements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Regulatory Officer', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'other immunologic conditions', 'February AAAAI meeting', 'record breaking attendance', 'exchange rate changes', 'external clinical-related expenses', 'Recent Business Developments', 'biopharmaceutical regulatory experience', 'U.S. GAAP', 'Global Regulatory Affairs', 'Regulatory Affairs Committee', 'extensive regulatory affairs', 'negative cash flows', 'Senior Vice President', 'complex development programs', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Net cash flow', 'proven track record', 'Viaskin Peanut patch', 'quality assurance roles', 'VITESSE enrollment rates', 'many FDA Divisions', 'Financial Highlights', 'net decrease', 'Business Update', 'Regulatory Update', 'regulatory effort', 'regulatory policy', 'regulatory process', 'various divisions', 'peanut allergy', 'regulatory expertise', 'cash balance', 'Cash Equivalents', 'available cash', 'last patient', 'Robert Pietrusko', 'treatment options', 'food allergies', 'halfway point', 'Pharis Mohideen', 'tremendous interest', 'standing room', 'product theatre', 'Early Intervention', 'ongoing dialogue', 'four decades', 'Vor Bio', 'Voyager Therapeutics', 'Millennium Pharmaceuticals', 'SmithKline Beecham', '35 BLA/NDA/MAA approvals', 'Biologics Evaluation', 'Drug Evaluation', 'Regenerative Medicine', 'American Society', 'Cell Therapies', 'Daniel Tassé', 'deep understanding', 'multiple products', 'three months', 'accounting principles', 'operating activities', 'investing activities', 'financing activities', 'patient enrollment', 'operating losses', 'The Company', 'quality expertise', '86 participating sites', 'important addition', 'DBV Technologies', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'May', 'Q3', 'Appointment', 'PharmD', 'Q1 2024', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Board', 'Directors', 'children', 'ages', '7 years', 'recruitment', 'efficacy', '600 subjects', 'Canada', 'Europe', 'UK', 'Australia', 'momentum', 'heels', 'Importance', 'protocol', '3-year-olds', 'November', 'position', 'Bob', 'wealth', 'April', 'ViroPharma', 'Shire', 'responsibility', 'Takeda', 'GlaxoSmithKline', 'Center', 'Research', 'CBER', 'CDER', 'leader', 'involvement', 'Chair', 'Alliance', 'member', 'ASGCT', 'guidance', 'team', 'accordance', 'millions', 'USD', 'beginning', 'period', 'Effect', 'March', 'December', 'progress', 'operations', 'inception', 'filing']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40571,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IBERSOL-SGPS-S-A-5824/news/Ibersol-SGPS-S-A-Proposoal-1-to-5-46653340/,Ibersol SGPS S A : Proposoal 1 to 5,(marketscreener.com) Pessoa Colectiva N.º 503 997 714      IBERSOL S.G.P.S.  S.A.      To   The Chairman of the Board of   the Shareholders' General Meeting   PROPOSAL   The Board of Directors of IBERSOL ...https://www.marketscreener.c…,"IBERSOL S.G.P.S.  S.A. (Translation from the original in portuguese) To Chairman of the Board of General Meeting PROPOSAL Presented by the Board of Directors of IBERSOL  SGPS SA. on item 1 of the Agenda for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 29 May 2024: It is proposed that the financial statements for the financial year 2023  including the management report and individual and consolidated accounts  the corporate governance report and other documentation of corporate information and supervisory and auditing relating to the same financial year  be approved as presented. Porto  7th May 2024 The Board of Directors  Dr. António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira  President. Dr. António Carlos Vaz Pinto de Sousa  Vice-President. IBERSOL - S.G.P.S.  S.A. SEDE SOCIAL Ed. Península  Praça do Bom Sucesso  nº 105/159 9º 4150 - 146 PORTO Tlf: 351-22-6089700 Capital Social 42.359.577 00 Euro C.R.C. Porto (Matricula No. 51.117) Pessoa Coletiva no. 501 669 477IBERSOL S.G.P.S.  S.A. (Translation from the original in portuguese) To Chairman of the Board of General Meeting PROPOSAL Presented by the Board of Directors of IBERSOL  SGPS SA. on item 2 of the Agenda for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 29 May 2024: As stated in the Company's financial statements  in 2023 Ibersol SGPS  S.A. had a consolidated net profit of 15 413 686 euros and a net profit in the individual accounts of 37 098 448.20 euros. The Board of Directors proposes the following allocation of results: Legal Reserve: 1 854 922.41 euros Free Reserves: 29 524 982.90 euros Dividends: 5 718 542.90 euros The total amount of dividends to be distributed  5 718 542.90 euros  corresponds to a dividend per share of 0.135 euros. If the company holds own shares  this allocation of €0.135 for each share in circulation will be maintained  reducing the overall amount of dividends paid. Porto  7th May 2024 The Board of Directors  Dr. António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira  President. Dr. António Carlos Vaz Pinto de Sousa  Vice-President. IBERSOL - S.G.P.S.  S.A. SEDE SOCIAL Ed. Península  Praça do Bom Sucesso  nº 105/159 9º 4150 - 146 PORTO Tlf: 351-22-6089700 Capital Social 42.359.577 00 Euro C.R.C. Porto (Matricula No. 51.117) Pessoa Coletiva no. 501 669 477ATPS - Sociedade Gestora de Participações Sociais  S. A. (Translation from the original in portuguese) To The Chairman of the Board of General Meeting of Ibersol  SGPS S.A. PROPOSAL Presented by the Shareholder ATPS - Sociedade Gestora de Participações Sociais S.A. on item 3 of the Agenda for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 29 May 2024: It is proposed to deliberate to confer a vote of appraisal and confidence to the Company's Management and Supervisory Bodies for the conduct of the company's year in 2023. Porto  7th May 2024 The Board of Directors  Dr. António Carlos Vaz Pinto de Sousa. Dr. António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira. ATPS - Sociedade Gestora de Participações Sociais  S.A. SEDE Edifício Península - Praça do Bom Sucesso  105 / 159 - 9º. - 4150-146 PORTO Telefone 22 608 97 00 Capital Social 56.760 00 Euros C.R.C. Porto (Matrícula nº.503 997 714) - Pessoa Colectiva N.º 503 997 714IBERSOL S.G.P.S.  S.A. (Translation from the original) To The Chairman of the Board of the Shareholders' General Meeting PROPOSAL The Board of Directors of IBERSOL  SGPS  SA. (the ""Company"") presents the following Proposal regarding item 4 of the agenda for the Annual General Meeting to be held on 29 May 2024: CONSIDERING: The general rules applicable to commercial companies with regard to the acquisition and sale of own shares  in particular the fact that they are  as a rule  subject to approval by the General Meeting;The convenience of the Company of being able to continue to make use  under the general terms  of the possibilities inherent to such operation;That the same interest also exists with regard to current and/or future dependent companies ("" Dependent Companies "")  which  without prejudice to the provisions of Article 319(3) of the Companies Code  should also be provided for;"")  which  without prejudice to the provisions of Article 319(3) of the Companies Code  should also be provided for; The provisions of articles 319 and 320 of the Companies Code and the regulations issued by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission;That Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 ("" Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 "") and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 ("" Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 "") established a special regime containing   inter alia   requirements for exemption from the general market abuse regime for certain buy-back programmes  requirements that it is advisable to take into account  both in the case of transactions executed in the context of buy-back programmes and in the case of any transactions executed in contexts other than such programmes; It is proposed that: Without prejudice of the own competences of the competent management body  to resolve on the approval of the acquisition by the Company  or by any current or future Dependent Companies  of own shares already issued or to be issued  of any kind  including rights to their acquisition or attribution  subject to a decision of the competent management body of the acquirer  either on its own or in the context of buy-back programmes that exist or may be approved in accordance with the law  and under the following terms: Maximum number to be acquired: up to the holding limit corresponding to ten per cent of the Company's share capital  less any sales made in the exercise of the authorisation provided for in paragraph 2) of this resolution  without prejudice to the exceptions provided for by law and  subject to compliance therewith  the quantity required to fulfil the acquirer's obligations arising from law or contract and subject  if applicable  to the subsequent sale  under the terms of the law  of the shares that exceed that limit; IBERSOL - S.G.P.S.  S.A. SEDE SOCIAL Ed. Península  Praça do Bom Sucesso  nº 105/159 9º 4150 - 146 PORTO Tlf: 351-22-6089700 Capital Social 42.359.577 00 Euro C.R.C. Porto (Matricula No. 51.117) Pessoa Coletiva no. 501 669 477IBERSOL S.G.P.S.  S.A. Period during which the purchase may be made: eighteen months counting from the date of this resolution; Forms of acquisition : Subject to the terms and limits imperatively established by law  notably in compliance with the principle of equality of shareholders in the terms established by law  (i) voluntary acquisition of shares or rights to acquire or allot shares  for consideration  for any purpose legally permitted and in any form  notably by purchase or exchange  to be made in or outside a regulated market from entities designated by the competent management body of the acquirer  according to criteria wherein the capacity of shareholder is not a relevant factor  or (ii) acquisition at any title for  or by virtue of  fulfilment of an obligation arising from law or a contract (including  in particular  contractual obligations arising from the implementation of any plans to allot shares or options to allot shares in the Company or any Dependent Company)  or the issuance conversion or exchange of securities or other financial instruments by the Company or any Dependent Company  under the respective legal or binding conditions or even  (iii) acquisitions to be made within the scope of any buy-back programme in place or to be implemented; Minimum and maximum consideration for acquisitions : the onerous acquisition price for consideration must (i) be in an interval of ten per cent less or more than the price of the Company's shares on Euronext Lisbon at the close of the trading session immediately preceding the date of acquisition or the constitution of the right to acquire or allot shares; or (ii) correspond to the acquisition price resulting from the law or from a contract or from the terms of issue by the Company or Dependent Company of securities or other instruments convertible or exchangeable into shares.In the case of acquisitions to be made under repurchase of buy-back programme provided for in Regulation (EU) 596/2014  the effective purchase price must also  under the terms and for the purposes of Article 3(2) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March  not be higher than the higher of the price of the last independent transaction and the highest independent offer at the time of the acquisition on the Euronext Lisbon regulated market. Time of acquisition: to be determined by the competent management body of the acquiring company  taking into consideration the market situation and the interests or obligations of the acquirer  the Company or the Dependent Company  and to be made on one or more occasions in such proportions as the said body may determine  without prejudice  with regard to any repurchase of buy-back programme implemented or to be implemented  to the conditions that may be laid down for this purpose. Buy-back programmes : if decided by the Company's Board of Directors  the acquisition of own shares by the Company  including rights to their acquisition or sale  may take the form of a buy-back programme under the terms and for the purposes of Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014. The General Meeting resolves to approve  without prejudice of the cases of conversion or redemption and those subject to the specific authority of the competent management body  the sale of own shares that have been acquired by the Company or by a Dependent Company  including rights to their acquisition or attribution  subject to a decision by the competent management body of the seller company  and under the following terms: Minimum number of shares to be sold: the number corresponding to the quantity enough for the fulfilment of the obligation assumed  resulting from the law or contract or contained in a resolution of the competent management body; Term during which the sale may take place: eighteen months counting from the date of this resolution; IBERSOL - S.G.P.S.  S.A. SEDE SOCIAL Ed. Península  Praça do Bom Sucesso  nº 105/159 9º 4150 - 146 PORTO Tlf: 351-22-6089700 Capital Social 42.359.577 00 Euro C.R.C. Porto (Matricula No. 51.117) Pessoa Coletiva no. 501 669 477IBERSOL S.G.P.S.  S.A. Method of sale: subject to the terms and limits imperatively established by law  notably in compliance with the principle of equality of shareholders in the terms established by law (i) sale of any kind  notably by sale or exchange  to be made in or outside of a regulated market to entities designated by the competent management body of the seller  according to criteria wherein the capacity of shareholder is not a relevant factor  or (ii) sale by any means within the scope of  or in connection with  a proposal for the appropriation of profits or distribution of reserves in kind; or (iii) sale by any means  or as a result of  the fulfilment of an obligation assumed or arising from law or contract (including  in particular  contractual obligations arising from the implementation of any plans for the allotment of shares or options for the allotment of shares in the Company or any Dependent Company)  carried out in accordance with the respective legal or binding conditions; Minimum sale price: not more than ten per cent below the price of the shares sold on Euronext Lisbon at the close of the trading session immediately preceding the date of the sale  or the price that is fixed or results from the terms and conditions arising from the law or contract  in the case of a sale arising therefrom; Time of disposal: to be determined by the competent management body of the selling company  taking into consideration the market situation and the interests or obligations of the seller  the Company or a Dependent Company  and to be carried out one or more times in the proportions set by the said body. That  in addition  the aforementioned acquisition and sale operations must be carried out in full compliance with the other applicable rules and  where applicable and the competent management body deems it possible and appropriate  in compliance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  which set out the requirements and conditions that operations on own shares must fulfil in order to benefit from the exemption from the prohibitions on market abuse; Should it be necessary for the purposes of compliance with applicable legislation  in particular Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 and/or the determinations of the competent supervisory authority  to grant authorisation to the Board of Directors to conform to and set the exact terms and conditions of repurchase of buy-back programme and  in general  to carry out all acts necessary or convenient for their full execution and implementation  in all cases under the terms and conditions of this proposed resolution. Porto  7 May 2024 The Board of Directors Dr António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira Dr António Carlos Vaz Pinto de Sousa IBERSOL - S.G.P.S.  S.A. SEDE SOCIAL Ed. Península  Praça do Bom Sucesso  nº 105/159 9º 4150 - 146 PORTO Tlf: 351-22-6089700 Capital Social 42.359.577 00 Euro C.R.C. Porto (Matricula No. 51.117) Pessoa Coletiva no. 501 669 477IBERSOL S.G.P.S.  S.A. (Translation from the original in portuguese) To Chairman of the Board of General Meeting PROPOSAL Presented by the Board of Directors of IBERSOL  SGPS SA. on item 5 of the Agenda for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 29 May 2024: It is proposed that Shareholders resolve upon appreciation the remunerations policy for the year 2023  respectively  of the Management and Supervisory Bodies and other Directors  as described in the Statement of the Remuneration Committee and in the Board of Directors' Statement (under Annexes 1 and 2). Porto  7th May 2024 The Board of Directors  Dr. António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira  President. Dr. António Carlos Vaz Pinto de Sousa  Vice-President. IBERSOL - S.G.P.S.  S.A. SEDE SOCIAL Ed. Península  Praça do Bom Sucesso  nº 105/159 9º 4150 - 146 PORTO Tlf: 351-22-6089700 Capital Social 42.359.577 00 Euro C.R.C. Porto (Matricula No. 51.117) Pessoa Coletiva no. 501 669 477IBERSOL S.G.P.S.  S.A. ANNEX I REMUNERATION COMMITTEE STATEMENT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE ABOUT THE REMUNERATION POLICY FOR THE CORPORATE GOVERNING BODIES OF IBERSOL  SGPS S.A. TO BE SUBMITTED FOR APPROVAL BY THE NEXT GENERAL MEETING OF 2024 1. Under the terms of the authority assigned to this Committee by the General Meeting of Shareholders of Ibersol  SGPS SA. and under the terms of article 26.2 of the Company's Articles of Association  this Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting the remuneration of the members of the corporate governing bodies. Under the applicable terms of the Articles of Association  the Remuneration Committee was appointed by the General Meeting of Shareholders on 18 th June 2021 and is constituted by three members  who are independent of the members of the Company's governing and audit bodies. The Remuneration Committee thus submits this report for the consideration of this General Meeting and for the purpose of adoption of Recommendation of the Corporate Governance Code of the Instituto Português de Corporate Governance. This report contains the guidelines followed by this Committee in setting the remuneration of the members of the corporate bodies: Board of the General Meeting  Board of Directors and Audit Board  as follows: The remuneration of the members of the Board of the General Meeting was set at an annual fixed amount  having its members earned the following annual remuneration:- Chairman - Prof. Dr. José Rodrigues de Jesus: 1 500 euros for each GM which presides;- Vice-Chairman - Dr. Eduardo Moutinho Ferreira dos Santos: 1 000 euros for each GM in which participates;- Secretary - Dr.ª Clara Maria Azevedo Rodrigues Gomes: 670 euros for each GM in which that acts as secretary; Board of Directors: - The shareholder ATPS-SGPS  SA. provided administrative and management services to the Group and  in 2023  received the amount of 1 078 008 euros for such services. One of the obligations of ATPS-Sociedade Gestora de Participações Sociais  SA. under the contract of services with Ibersol - Restauração  SA. is to ensure that the Directors of the Company António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira and António Carlos Vaz Pinto de Sousa perform their duties without additional expenses to the Company. The Company does not directly pay any remuneration to any of its Executive Directors. Given that ATPS-Sociedade Gestora de Participações Sociais  SA. is controlled by the Directors António Carlos Vaz Pinto de Sousa and António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira  it is estimated that  of the aforementioned amount of 1 078 008 euros paid in 2023  will IBERSOL - S.G.P.S.  S.A. SEDE SOCIAL Ed. Península  Praça do Bom Sucesso  nº 105/159 9º 4150 - 146 PORTO Tlf: 351-22-6089700 Capital Social 42.359.577 00 Euro C.R.C. Porto (Matricula No. 51.117) Pessoa Coletiva no. 501 669 477IBERSOL S.G.P.S.  S.A. correspond to each of these Directors the amount of 539 004 euros. These members do not receive any supplementary retirement or early retirement  nor any other benefits or bonuses. The non-executivemembers received the following annual remuneration: Eng.ª Maria Deolinda Fidalgo do Couto : earned the total annual amount of 219 835.64 euros  not having received any other remuneration components for the exercise of the respective duties;: earned the total annual amount of 219 835.64 euros  not having received any other remuneration components for the exercise of the respective duties; Professor Dr. Juan Carlos Vazquez Dodero de Bonifaz: received the total annual amount of 6 000 euros  related to services rendered  and this member did not receive any other remuneration components of any kind  namely performance bonuses  bonuses or any additional performance fees  complement pension and/or any additional payments to the aforementioned amount of 6 000 euros that have been provided by the Company.Dr. Maria do Carmo Guedes Antunes de Oliveira : earned the total annual amount of 40 000.00 euros  not having received any other remuneration components for the exercise of the respective duties;The aforementioned executive and non-executive Directors do not receive any other remuneration from other Group Companies  and do not have supplementary pension rights or early retirement rights that have been acquired in the exercise of their respective position in 2023.These members do not receive any supplementary retirement or early retirement  nor any other benefits or bonuses. The remuneration of the members of the Audit Board for 2023 was set at a annual fixed amount  payable twelve times a year. The individual members received the following annual remuneration: Chairman- Dr. Hermínio António Paulos Afonso: earned the monthly amount of 825 euros  not having received any other remuneration components for the exercise of the respective position; Member - Dr. Carlos Alberto Alves Lourenço: earned the monthly amount of 733.33 euros  not having received any other remuneration components for the exercise of the respective position; Member - Dr. Maria José Martins Lourenço da Fonseca: earned the monthly amount of 733.33 euros  not having received any other remuneration components for the exercise of the respective position; At the General Meeting on May 26  2022  following the approval of the proposal presented by the Remuneration Committee  clarification was given to aspects of the wording of the principles underlying the remuneration of the governing bodies  given the legislative and recommendatory framework. These principles reinforce and highlight the aspects of the remuneration policy that are critical for the sustainability of Ibersol's business  in particular: the international context that makes it possible to measure (""benchmark"") the competitive remuneration of corporate bodies and maintain the ability to attract and retain the best talent. IBERSOL - S.G.P.S.  S.A. SEDE SOCIAL Ed. Península  Praça do Bom Sucesso  nº 105/159 9º 4150 - 146 PORTO Tlf: 351-22-6089700 Capital Social 42.359.577 00 Euro C.R.C. Porto (Matricula No. 51.117) Pessoa Coletiva no. 501 669 477",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.59,0.39,0.02,True,English,"['Ibersol SGPS S A', 'Proposoal', 'Dr. António Carlos Vaz Pinto de Sousa', 'Dr. António Alberto Guerra Leal Teixeira', 'S.A. SEDE SOCIAL Ed. Península', 'IBERSOL S.G.P.S.', 'Edifício Península', 'Participações Sociais S.A.', 'Portuguese Securities Market Commission', 'C.R.C. Porto', 'general market abuse regime', 'SGPS S.A. PROPOSAL', 'Sociedade Gestora de', ""Shareholders' General Meeting PROPOSAL"", 'original in portuguese', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'corporate governance report', 'competent management body', 'S. A.', 'future dependent companies', 'consolidated net profit', 'same financial year', 'Capital Social', 'Praça', 'following Proposal', 'special regime', 'general rules', 'general terms', 'management report', 'consolidated accounts', 'corporate information', 'Ibersol SGPS', 'same interest', 'financial statements', '146 PORTO Tlf', 'SGPS SA', 'commercial companies', 'Companies Code', 'other documentation', 'Bom Sucesso', 'Pessoa Coletiva', 'Legal Reserve', 'Free Reserves', 'total amount', 'overall amount', 'Matrícula', 'Pessoa Colectiva', 'European Parliament', 'buy-back programmes', 'individual accounts', 'following allocation', 'Supervisory Bodies', 'Shareholder ATPS', 'Translation', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'item', 'Agenda', '29 May', 'auditing', '7th', 'President', 'Matricula', 'Company', '15,413,686 euros', '8,448.20 euros', 'results', '22.41 euros', '90 euros', 'Dividends', '0.135 euros', 'shares', 'circulation', 'vote', 'appraisal', 'confidence', 'conduct', 'Telefone', 'regard', 'acquisition', 'sale', 'fact', 'approval', 'convenience', 'possibilities', 'operation', 'current', 'prejudice', 'provisions', 'Article 319', 'articles', 'regulations', 'Council', '16 April', '8 March', 'requirements', 'exemption', 'case', 'transactions', 'context', 'competences', '9º', '2023', '4,982']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ING-GROEP-N-V-56358303/news/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme-46643654/,Progress on share buyback programme,(marketscreener.com) Progress on share buyback programme ING announced today that  as part of our €2.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 May 2024  the company repurchased 7 746 345 shares during the week of 2 May 2024 up to and including 3 May 20…,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 May 2024  the company repurchased 7 746 345 shares during the week of 2 May 2024 up to and including 3 May 2024.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €15.88 for a total amount of €122 991 183.34. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 7 746 345 ordinary shares at an average price of €15.88 for a total consideration of €122 991 183.34. To date approximately 4.92% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in July 2023. As of December 2023  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,positive,0.51,0.47,0.01,negative,0.01,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€2.5 billion share buyback programme', 'operating company ING Bank', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'Frequent news updates', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'financial economic crimes', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'maximum total value', 'ING Group shares', 'daily repurchased shares', 'wholesale banking services', 'related market disruption', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Important legal information', 'Investor enquiries', 'share capital', 'financial services', 'ESG) rating', 'financial markets', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'financial information', 'total amount', 'ING website', 'total consideration', 'ING operations', 'ING presentations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ING US', 'average price', 'weekly reports', '7,746,345 ordinary shares', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'prudential supervision', 'stress tests', 'regulatory restrictions', 'detailed information', 'total number', 'integral part', 'tax laws', '7,746,345 shares', 'Progress', '2 May', '3 May', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'SlideShare', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'July', 'December', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'governmental', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2876296/0/en/Ultimovacs-ASA-Reports-First-Quarter-2024-Financial-Results-and-Provides-General-Business-Update.html,Ultimovacs ASA Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Results and Provides General Business Update,Ultimovacs remains committed to continuing the clinical development strategy and exploring multiple pathways for UV1.The negative INITIUM results have...,"Ultimovacs remains committed to continuing the clinical development strategy and exploring multiple pathways for UV1.The negative INITIUM results have had important consequences for the Company. Implemented cash preservation initiatives extends the anticipated financial runway to the fourth quarter of 2025  beyond the anticipated topline readout of the FOCUS and DOVACC trials.The UV1 vaccine was granted Fast Track designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Orphan Drug designation from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) based on the data from the Phase II trial NIPU in malignant mesothelioma.Conference call and webcast scheduled for May 7  2024  at 14:00 (CET).Oslo  May 7  2024: Ultimovacs ASA (""Ultimovacs"") (OSE ULTI)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines  announces its first quarter 2024 results today.“The period following the disappointing results of the INITIUM trial has been challenging for Ultimovacs. However  due to the promising outcomes from other UV1 trials and the broad diversity of our clinical program  we remain confident in UV1’s potential and committed to its ongoing development. The operational adjustments we have made ensure financial stability and support our progress through the next Phase II readouts and potential growth catalysts in 2024 and 2025”  said Carlos de Sousa  CEO of Ultimovacs. “We are also encouraged by the regulatory designations UV1 received based on the NIPU trial results  which demonstrated a clinically meaningful improvement in survival for patients with hard-to-treat cancers. We are looking forward to the forthcoming results from the next Phase II trial  FOCUS in head and neck cancer  expected in the third quarter.”Fourth Quarter 2023 Business UpdateTopline results reported from Phase II trial INITIUM in advanced melanomaIn March 2024  Ultimovacs reported that the INITIUM trial did not meet the primary endpoint of improved progression-free survival (PFS).The data did not show differences in overall survival and objective response rate between the arms. The safety profile was consistent between the two arms  confirming the good safety profile for UV1.The key findings and analyses will be presented at the 2024 ASCO Annual Meeting in Chicago on June 1  2024.Cash preservation initiatives and operational adjustment plan implementedThe negative INITIUM results have important consequences for the Company.Activity level prioritization and operational adjustments are implemented to sustain the financial runway  including a workforce reduction of approximately 40%.The cash preservation initiatives extend the anticipated cash runway to the fourth quarter of 2025  beyond the anticipated topline readout of the FOCUS and DOVACC trials.Based on current plans and forecast  the cash burn rate is estimated to be approximately 15 MNOK per quarter towards the end of 2025.Regulatory designations for UV1 cancer vaccine for the treatment of mesotheliomaOn February 5  2024  Ultimovacs announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Fast Track designation to the Company’s therapeutic cancer vaccine UV1 in combination with ipilimumab and nivolumab for the treatment of patients with unresectable malignant pleural mesothelioma to improve overall survival.On February 19  2024  Ultimovacs announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) granted Orphan Drug designation to the Company’s therapeutic cancer vaccine UV1 for the treatment of mesothelioma. The designation was granted based on results from the Phase II clinical trial  NIPU  evaluating UV1 added to ipilimumab and nivolumab treatment in patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma.Clinical development updateUV1 randomized controlled Phase II trialsNIPU (mesothelioma): Evaluating ipilimumab and nivolumab +/- UV1 vaccination as second-line treatment of patients with inoperable malignant pleural mesothelioma. Enrolled 118 patients from Australia  Spain and Scandinavia between June 2020 and January 2023. The study results were presented at the ESMO Congress in October 2023. An outline of the full trial results including subgroup analyses was published in European Journal of Cancer in March 2024. The data indicate that the epithelioid subgroup may be particularly relevant for UV1 vaccination  warranting further assessment in future studies. Mature overall survival data from the NIPU trial is expected to be reported later in 2024.Evaluating ipilimumab and nivolumab +/- UV1 vaccination as second-line treatment of patients with inoperable malignant pleural mesothelioma. Enrolled 118 patients from Australia  Spain and Scandinavia between June 2020 and January 2023. The study results were presented at the ESMO Congress in October 2023. An outline of the full trial results including subgroup analyses was published in European Journal of Cancer in March 2024. The data indicate that the epithelioid subgroup may be particularly relevant for UV1 vaccination  warranting further assessment in future studies. Mature overall survival data from the NIPU trial is expected to be reported later in 2024. INITIUM ( melanoma ) : Evaluating ipilimumab and nivolumab +/- UV1 vaccination as first-line treatment of unresectable or metastatic malignant melanoma. Enrollment of 156 patients from 39 hospitals in the US  UK  Belgium and Norway  were completed between June 2020 and July 2022. Topline results were reported in March 2024. The study results will be presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting in June 2024.: Evaluating ipilimumab and nivolumab +/- UV1 vaccination as first-line treatment of unresectable or metastatic malignant melanoma. Enrollment of 156 patients from 39 hospitals in the US  UK  Belgium and Norway  were completed between June 2020 and July 2022. Topline results were reported in March 2024. The study results will be presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting in June 2024. INITIUM Supplementary Study: Evaluating ipilimumab and nivolumab + UV1. Enrollment of the single arm supplementary study  which are not included in the INITIUM topline results  was completed in October 2023  with a total of 21 patients. The study will provide in-depth data on biologic activity and mode of action of the T cells induced by the UV1 vaccination on top of ipilimumab and nivolumab.FOCUS (head and neck cancer): Evaluating pembrolizumab +/- UV1 vaccination as first-line treatment of metastatic or recurrent head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The enrollment of 75 patients from ten hospitals in Germany was completed between August 2021 and August 2023. The readout is expected in the third quarter of 2024.Evaluating pembrolizumab +/- UV1 vaccination as first-line treatment of metastatic or recurrent head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The enrollment of 75 patients from ten hospitals in Germany was completed between August 2021 and August 2023. The readout is expected in the third quarter of 2024. DOVACC (ovarian cancer): Evaluating olaparib and durvalumab +/- UV1 vs. olaparib alone as second-line maintenance treatment of high-grade BRCA negative ovarian cancer. Per date  99 out of 184 patients from 35 hospitals in ten European countries have been enrolled  up from 75 as of the previous quarterly report. The readout is expected first half of 2025.Evaluating olaparib and durvalumab +/- UV1 vs. olaparib alone as second-line maintenance treatment of high-grade BRCA negative ovarian cancer. Per date  99 out of 184 patients from 35 hospitals in ten European countries have been enrolled  up from 75 as of the previous quarterly report. The readout is expected first half of 2025. LUNGVAC (non-small cell lung cancer): Evaluating cemiplimab +/- UV1 as first-line treatment of advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. Per date  27 out of 138 patients from nine hospitals in Norway have been enrolled  up from 23 as of the previous quarterly report. In addition  3 patients have received treatment with pembrolizumab +/- UV1. The readout is expected in the first half of 2026.Financial updateFollowing the cash preservation initiatives  Ultimovacs expects that the current cash resources will support operations to the fourth quarter of 2025 based on current programs and plans.Total operating expenses amounted to MNOK 28.6 in Q1 2024  and total loss was MNOK 22.8 for the period. These numbers are significantly influenced by a reversal of an accrual related to the share option program. Due to the significant drop in the company share price in Q1 2024  the social security tax accrual related to share options  which fluctuates with the Company share price  was fully reversed  resulting in an operating expense reduction of MNOK 21.0.in Q1 2024  and total loss was for the period. These numbers are significantly influenced by a reversal of an accrual related to the share option program. Due to the significant drop in the company share price in Q1 2024  the social security tax accrual related to share options  which fluctuates with the Company share price  was fully reversed  resulting in an operating expense reduction of MNOK 21.0. Net negative cash flow from operations was MNOK 46.2 in Q1 2024  and net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  not including currency effects  was MNOK 43.7 during Q1 2024. Cash and cash equivalents amounted to MNOK 220.0 as of March 31  2024.The quarterly report and presentation will be published at 07:00 CET on May 7  2024  and will be publicly available on the Ultimovacs website. The Company will conduct a conference call and webcast at 14:00 CET the same day. Questions can be submitted throughout the event. The webcast will be archived for replay following the conference call. Link to webcast: https://channel.royalcast.com/hegnarmedia/#!/hegnarmedia/20240507_5For further information  please see www.ultimovacs.com or contact:Carlos de Sousa  CEOEmail: carlos.desousa@ultimovacs.comPhone: +47 908 92507Hans Vassgård Eid  CFOEmail: hans.eid@ultimovacs.comPhone: +47 482 48632Anne Worsøe  Head of Investor RelationsEmail: anne.worsoe@ultimovacs.comPhone: +47 906 86815About UltimovacsUltimovacs is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines with broad applicability. The lead candidate  UV1  is an off-the-shelf therapeutic cancer vaccine directed against human telomerase (hTERT)  an antigen found in 85-90% of cancers in all stages of tumor development. A broad clinical program  with Phase II trials in five cancer indications enrolling more than 670 patients  is designed to investigate UV1’s impact in combination with various immunotherapies in multiple cancer types expressing telomerase and where patients have unmet medical needs. UV1 is a patented technology owned by Ultimovacs.In addition  Ultimovacs retains all rights of the proprietary TET technology for any possible future use of formulations in various solid tumor indications. The Company is publicly listed on Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE:ULTI).This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This stock exchange announcement was published by Joachim Midttun  Financial Manager at Ultimovacs ASA  on May 7  2024 at 07:00 CET.Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.35,0.23,0.41,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'General Business Update', 'Ultimovacs ASA', 'Clinical development update UV1 randomized controlled Phase II trials', 'next Phase II readouts', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'next Phase II trial', 'Fourth Quarter 2023 Business Update', 'unresectable malignant pleural mesothelioma', 'inoperable malignant pleural mesothelioma', 'clinical development strategy', 'Mature overall survival data', 'other UV1 trials', 'U.S. Food', 'Carlos de Sousa', 'objective response rate', '2024 ASCO Annual Meeting', 'Activity level prioritization', 'cash preservation initiatives', 'cash burn rate', 'The UV1 vaccine', 'Fast Track designation', 'European Medicines Agency', 'operational adjustment plan', 'full trial results', 'immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines', 'Orphan Drug designation', 'potential growth catalysts', 'good safety profile', 'UV1 cancer vaccine', 'first quarter 2024 results', 'regulatory designations UV1', 'negative INITIUM results', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'NIPU trial results', 'ongoing development', 'clinical program', 'DOVACC trials', 'malignant mesothelioma', 'INITIUM trial', 'cash runway', 'UV1 vaccination', 'Drug Administration', 'European Journal', 'disappointing results', 'forthcoming results', 'Topline results', 'study results', 'operational adjustments', 'third quarter', 'neck cancer', 'progression-free survival', 'multiple pathways', 'important consequences', 'financial runway', 'topline readout', 'Conference call', 'OSE ULTI', 'promising outcomes', 'broad diversity', 'financial stability', 'meaningful improvement', 'advanced melanoma', 'primary endpoint', 'key findings', 'workforce reduction', 'current plans', 'ESMO Congress', 'epithelioid subgroup', 'future studies', 'subgroup analyses', 'two arms', 'second-line treatment', 'Ultimovacs ASA', 'nivolumab treatment', 'UV1.', 'FOCUS', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'webcast', 'May', 'CET', 'Oslo', 'period', 'CEO', 'patients', 'cancers', 'head', 'March', 'PFS', 'differences', 'Chicago', 'June', 'forecast', '15 MNOK', 'February', 'combination', 'ipilimumab', 'Australia', 'Spain', 'Scandinavia', 'January', 'October', 'outline', 'assessment', '2025']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARISTON-HOLDING-N-V-129888460/news/Ariston-N-Q1-2024-RESULTS-PRESS-RELEASE-46648924/,Ariston N : Q1 2024 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE,(marketscreener.com)   7 May 2024   Ariston delivered 653 €M net revenue and   30 €M adjusted EBIT in challenging heating market conditions; the sector relevance to drive energy transition remains solid   Q1 2024 RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS    Net reven…,"7 May 2024 Ariston delivered 653 €M net revenue and 30 €M adjusted EBIT in challenging heating market conditions; the sector relevance to drive energy transition remains solid Q1 2024 RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS Net revenue at 653 million euro   an overall decrease of 14.0% compared to Q1 2023  an overall decrease of 14.0% compared to Q1 2023 Adjusted EBIT amounted to 30 million euro   decreasing 58.9% compared to Q1 2023Free cash flow at -51 million euro   versus -36 million euro in Q1 2023  versus -36 million euro in Q1 2023 Net debt 1 of 680 million euro   compared to 611 million euro as of year-end 2023 as a consequence of the seasonal front-loading of net working capital and cash-out for the Egyptian plant acquisition Paolo Merloni  Executive Chairman commented: ""Following the very solid performance recorded in the last two years  our Q1 results are affected by harshly mutated market conditions. Demand for heat pumps is rebasing  with the market re-adjusting after its recent peaks induced by volatile and off-balance regulatory measures. In this context  we delivered on our product roadmap and further consolidated our global footprint  continuing to invest in our future; we are also focused on the Wolf-Brink integration  with strong collaboration and synergies generated to date already exceeding expectations"". Maurizio Brusadelli  Chief Executive Officer added: ""We anticipate 2024 to be a settling year for our industry. Heating demand in many European markets - and particularly in our biggest markets Germany  Italy and France - slowed down after strong growth in the past year and affected our performance in Europe. Nonetheless the recent formal adoption of the Energy Building Performance Directive (EBPD) in Europe further strengthens the regulatory framework in support of buildings' decarbonization  which we are ready to capitalize on growth opportunities as market recovers. Furthermore  we are among the leading players in the global water heating business  which proves to be more resilient  enhancing our ability to safeguard profitability"". 1 Calculated according to ESMA 32-382-1138 guidelines. 1The Board of Directors of Ariston Holding N.V. (MTA/EXM; Bloomberg ticker: ARIS IM) met today and approved the disclosure of additional periodic financial information for the quarter ending on 31 March 2024 (""Q1 2024""). Q1 2024 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS Net revenue amounted to 653.2 million euro  a decrease of 14.0% compared to the 759.7 million euro registered in the first quarter of 2023  with an organic contribution of -13.6% and foreign exchange effect of -0.4%. €M Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Change Thermal Comfort 611.3 713.6 -14.3% Burners 21.5 22.4 -3.6% Components 20.4 23.7 -14.1% Total 653.2 759.7 -14.0% €M Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Change Europe 466.2 570.0 -18.2% Americas 70.6 67.9 +4.1% Asia/Pacific & MEA 116.4 121.9 -4.5% Total 653.2 759.7 -14.0% EBITDA reached 56.8 million euro  -41.5% compared to the 97.3 million euro registered in Q1 2023  while EBIT amounted to 22.6 million euro  compared to the 70.4 million euro of Q1 2023. These margins are also presented in an adjusted form which is more suitable to appreciate the trend of the normal business operations  with the exclusion of costs or revenues not representative of them; the most significant adjustment for the period is related to the PPA amortization related to past acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA amounted to 58.3 million euro  down by 40.8% compared to 98.6 million euro registered in Q1 2023  with a decrease in the margin on net revenue from 13.0% to 8.9%. Adjusted EBIT amounted to 30.0 million euro  decreasing by 58.9% compared to the 73.1 million euro of Q1 2023. The corresponding margin on net revenue was down from 9.6% to 4.6% as a consequence of operating leverage combined with destocking  country mix and labour inflation effects. Free cash flow in the period amounted to -50.5 million euro  versus -36.3 million euro for Q1 2023. The decrease was mainly due to lower EBITDA generated by the business in the current 2adverse market conditions  partially offset by reduced working capital absorption compared to Q1 2023. Net Financial Indebtedness at the end of the period (calculated according to ESMA 32-382-1138guidelines) went from 610.9 million euro at 31 December 2023 to 679.6 million euro  due to negative cash flow and the cash-outfor the Egyptian plant acquisition. For comparative purposes  applying the calculation method used before the adoption of ESMA guidelines  net financial indebtedness went from 575.0 to 645.9 million euro. The main differences are ESMA's inclusion - among liabilities - of put & call options related to acquisitions  and the neutralization of positive mark-to-market from derivatives. RELEVANT EVENTS FOLLOWING 31 MARCH 2024 The new Board of Directors  in the meeting held today  confirmed Paolo Merloni Executive Chairman and completed the appointments of the committees' members  which are now composed as follows: (a) Audit Committee: Antonia Di Bella (Chairman)  Laurent Jacquemin and Ignazio Rocco di Torrepadula; (b) Compensation & Talent Development Committee: Roberto Guidetti (Chairman)  Ignazio Rocco di Torrepadula and Marinella Soldi; (c) ESG Committee: Roberto Guidetti (Chairman)  Katja Gerber and Marinella Soldi; and (d) Strategic Committee: Paolo Merloni (Chairman)  Guido Krass  Enrico Vita and Andrea Guerra. As of today  based on the Company's available information  the newly appointed directors hold Ariston shares as indicated in the explanatory notes published before the last shareholder meeting. * * * * * As mentioned in the press release issued on 27 April 2024  with Presidential Decree no 294 signed by President Putin and published on 26 April 2024 in the Official Russian Gazette  the subsidiary Ariston Thermo Rus LLC has been placed under the temporary management of JSC Gazprom Household systems  a subsidiary of the Gazprom group. On 29 April 2024  the Russian Ambassador in Italy justified the decree with the ""geo-politicalanti-Russian initiatives"" of the Italian authorities. To date  the Company is still assessing the implications of such initiative as well as exploring potential remedies or solutions. Ariston Thermo Rus LLC contributed to c. 3% of the Q1 consolidated net revenue. * * * * * Additional periodic financial information is disclosed by Ariston on a voluntary basis and is not subject to auditing. The Board of Directors is responsible for preparing additional periodic information as of 31 March  2024  in accordance with the Dutch Financial Supervision Act and applicable international financial standards (IFRS). The Q1 2024 Analyst Presentation  which includes management's outlook on the remaining part of the year  will be made available at the authorized repository www.1info.itand on the website www.aristongroup.comin the ""Investors & Governance"" section. A conference call dedicated to financial analysts and investment professionals will be held today at 15:00 CEST. 3CONTACTS www.aristongroup.com Investor Relations Corporate Communication Albert William Pozzi Federica Bruschetta investor.relations@ariston.com corporate.communication@ariston.com Media Relations Barabino & Partners barabino.ariston@barabino.it About Ariston Group Ariston Group is a global leader in sustainable thermal comfort that offers a unique  extensive range of solutions for hot water  space heating and air treatment  as well as components and burners. Listed on Euronext Milan since November 2021  in 2023 the Group reported almost 3.1-billion-euro revenues  with over 10 000 employees  direct presence in 40 countries in 5 continents  29 production sites and 29 research and development centers. The Group demonstrates its commitment to sustainability through the development of renewable and high efficiency solutions  such as heat pumps  water heating heat pumps  hybrids  domestic ventilation  air handling and solar thermal systems. The Group also stands out for its continuous investment in technological innovation  digitalization  and advanced connectivity systems. The Group operates under global strategic brands Ariston  Elco and Wolf  and brands such as Calorex  NTI  HTP  Chaffoteaux  Atag  Brink  Chromagen  Racold  as well as Thermowatt and Ecoflam in the components and burners business. Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) This document contains certain financial performance measures that are not defined in IFRS standards (non-GAAP measures). These measures comply with the Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority ('ESMA') in its communication ESMA/2015/1415. For a full presentation and discussion of alternative performance measures  please refer to chapter 4.11 ""Definition and reconciliation of the Alternative Performance Measures (APMs or non GAAP measures) to GAAP measures"" in the annual report. Forward-looking statements This announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements  estimates and forecasts reflecting management's current views with respect to certain future events. These forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  all statements other than statements of historical facts  including  without limitation  those regarding the Group's future financial position and results of operations  strategy  plans  objectives  goals and targets and future developments in the markets where the Group operates or intends to operate. Forward-looking information is based on information available to the Group as of today and is based on certain key assumptions; as such  forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this announcement. No assurance can be given that such future results will be achieved; actual events may materially differ as a result of risks and uncertainties faced by the Group  which could cause actual result to vary materially from the future results indicated  expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Due to such uncertainties and risks  readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward- looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Except as required by applicable laws and regulations  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based; the Group expressly disclaims and does not assume any liability in connection with any inaccuracies in any of the forward-looking statements in this document  and in any related oral presentation  including responses to questions following the presentation  or in connection with any use by any third party. Further information on the Group and its activities  including those factors that may materially influence its financial results  are contained in the reports and documents of the Group deposited with the AFM and CONSOB. 4Attachments: (PARTIAL) RECLASSIFIED Q1 2024 INCOME STATEMENT RECLASSIFIED Q1 2024 CASH FLOW STATEMENT 5",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.34,0.34,True,English,"['Q1 2024 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE', 'Ariston N', 'Ignazio Rocco di Torrepadula', 'additional periodic financial information', 'Ariston Holding N.V.', 'Energy Building Performance Directive', 'global water heating business', 'challenging heating market conditions', 'RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS Net revenue', 'Paolo Merloni Executive Chairman', 'Antonia Di Bella', 'Free cash flow', 'Egyptian plant acquisition', 'last two years', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'foreign exchange effect', 'labour inflation effects', 'working capital absorption', 'Net Financial Indebtedness', 'negative cash flow', 'net working capital', 'normal business operations', 'balance regulatory measures', 'many European markets', 'Change Thermal Comfort', 'Talent Development Committee', 'adverse market conditions', '653 €M net revenue', 'recent formal adoption', '30 €M adjusted EBIT', 'ESMA 32-382-1138 guidelines', 'Q1 2023 Adjusted EBIT', 'energy transition', 'global footprint', 'Heating demand', 'Net debt', 'CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', 'recent peaks', 'biggest markets', 'regulatory framework', 'Audit Committee', 'adjusted form', 'solid performance', 'ESMA guidelines', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'sector relevance', 'seasonal front-loading', 'heat pumps', 'product roadmap', 'Wolf-Brink integration', 'strong collaboration', 'Maurizio Brusadelli', 'settling year', 'strong growth', 'past year', ""buildings' decarbonization"", 'growth opportunities', 'leading players', 'Bloomberg ticker', 'ARIS IM', 'organic contribution', 'significant adjustment', 'PPA amortization', 'operating leverage', 'country mix', 'comparative purposes', 'calculation method', 'main differences', 'call options', 'positive mark', 'RELEVANT EVENTS', ""committees' members"", 'Laurent Jacquemin', 'Q1 results', '€M Q1', 'Change Europe', 'lower EBITDA', '653 million euro', '680 million euro', '759.7 million euro', 'first quarter', '97.3 million euro', '70.4 million euro', 'past acquisitions', '98.6 million euro', '30.0 million euro', '73.1 million euro', 'corresponding margin', 'new Board', 'overall decrease', '30 million', '611 million', '56.8 million', '22.6 million', '610.9 million', '679.6 million', '645.9 million', 'Q1 2024', 'May', 'year-end', 'consequence', 'cash-out', 'mutated', 'volatile', 'context', 'future', 'synergies', 'expectations', 'industry', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'France', 'EBPD', 'support', 'ability', 'Directors', 'MTA', 'EXM', 'disclosure', '31 March', 'Burners', 'Components', 'Total', 'Americas', 'Asia/Pacific', 'margins', 'trend', 'exclusion', 'costs', 'revenues', 'destocking', 'current', '31 December', 'inclusion', 'liabilities', 'put', 'neutralization', 'derivatives', 'meeting', 'appointments', 'Compensation', '14.', '653.2', '58.3']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40575,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2024/05/07/shares-jump-on-positive-earnings-reports-from-european-banks/,Shares jump on positive earnings reports from European banks,Iseq index underperforms  adding just 0.3% amid slump in Ryanair shares,The UBS bank in Switzerland reported a return to profit on Tuesday after two loss-making quarters. Photograph: Stefan Wermuth/BloombergEuropean shares hit a more-than-one-month high on Tuesday  as a slew of positive corporate earnings  particularly from the banking sector  added to the upbeat sentiment surrounding interest rate cuts.DublinThe Iseq index advanced by 0.3 per cent  underperforming European indices after a sharp drop-off in Ryanair’s share price.The airline fell 5.6 per cent to close the session at €19.11 after chief executive Michael O’Leary said he expects summer ticket prices to be lower than previously estimated as the airline industry suffers from grounded planes and a supply chain backlog. “Looking at summer ... We thought pricing would be up 5-10 per cent. We’re heading to flat (pricing year-on-year) to 5 per cent up  which is surprising with a lot of the Airbus fleet grounded for maintenance ” he told reporters in Brussels.Euronext Dublin  as the Irish market is known  was otherwise mostly in green with big moves by the main banks on foot of similar gains by lenders across the Continent. Bank of Ireland advanced by more than 6 per cent to €10.73 per share while AIB added almost 4 per cent to close at €5.14 per share. PTSB  meanwhile  shed 2 per cent to €1.47 per share with its first quarter trading update to follow on Wednesday morning.READ MOREA volatile session for shares in Smurfit Kappa saw the cardboard boxmaker close at €43.78 per share  a gain of 0.8 per cent  amid reports that its rival International Paper is the subject of a $15 billion (€13.9 billion) bid by Brazil’s Suzano.LondonThe UK’s FTSE 100 cruised to a record high on Tuesday  coming off an extended weekend  boosted by Shell’s jump on its plans to sell some Malaysian assets  while BP slipped after it missed earnings forecast. The blue-chip index advanced by 1.1 per cent while the mid-cap FTSE 250 gained 1.3 per cent.Shell jumped 1.3 per cent after Reuters reported the energy giant is in talks to sell its gas station business in Malaysia to Saudi Aramco  a day after the company said it would exit South Africa’s downstream businesses. BP  meanwhile  slipped 1.3 per cent after the oil giant missed forecasts due to lower oil and gas prices and a US refinery outage  but maintained the rate of its share buyback programme.Precious metal miners gained 2.1 per cent after the demand for safe-haven assets increased as a ceasefire in Gaza remains uncertain.Surveys showed British consumer spending softened in April  turning all eyes to the Bank of England’s interest rate decision later this week.EuropeThe pan-European Stoxx 600 index was up 1.1 per cent – after closing at a one-week high on Monday – fuelled by increased bets of rate cuts by the Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank this year. The blue-chip Stoxx 50 also advanced by 1.2 per cent.UBS jumped 8.4 per cent after the lender’s first quarterly profit since taking over Credit Suisse was three times analysts’ expectations.The financial services index climbed 2.1 per cent to a three-week high  leading sectoral gains.Meanwhile  shares in chip manufacturer Infineon climbed 12.6 per cent after better-than-expected second-quarter sales  with analysts expecting long-term growth despite a full-year guidance cut.Spirits makers Remy Cointreau and Pernod Ricard jumped 5.6 per cent and 2.7 per cent  respectively  after Chinese President Xi Jinping’s said China maintains “open attitude” towards a trade dispute over French cognac.New YorkUS stocks remained close to their highest levels in about a month  with investors at a crossroads about how much further the market can sustain the rebound from April’s sell-off. The Nasdaq Composite  Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 indices were all ahead by around 0.2 per cent in early afternoon trading in New York.Peloton soared after CNBC reported that a number of private equity firms have been considering a buyout of the fitness company. Walt Disney tumbled on a weak subscriber outlook.Apple remained higher after unveiling a bigger version of its iPad Air.Traders continued to keep an eye on “Fedspeak” after officials last week kept interest rates unchanged at the highest levels since 2001. – Additional reporting: Reuters  Bloomberg,neutral,0.32,0.66,0.01,mixed,0.08,0.31,0.61,True,English,"['positive earnings reports', 'European banks', 'Shares', 'chief executive Michael O’Leary', 'three-week high, leading sectoral gains', 'Chinese President Xi Jinping', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'first quarter trading update', 'early afternoon trading', 'two loss-making quarters', 'supply chain backlog', 'rival International Paper', 'Precious metal miners', 'British consumer spending', 'full-year guidance cut', 'private equity firms', 'weak subscriber outlook', 'financial services index', 'The Nasdaq Composite', 'positive corporate earnings', 'The Iseq index', 'gas station business', 'US refinery outage', 'first quarterly profit', 'S&P 500 indices', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'interest rate decision', 'summer ticket prices', 'share buyback programme', 'interest rate cuts', 'European Central Bank', 'The UBS bank', 'similar gains', 'one-month high', 'record high', 'gas prices', 'European indices', 'The UK', 'blue-chip index', 'interest rates', 'earnings forecast', 'blue-chip Stoxx', 'US stocks', 'Stefan Wermuth/Bloomberg', 'banking sector', 'upbeat sentiment', 'sharp drop-off', 'grounded planes', 'Airbus fleet', 'big moves', 'main banks', 'Wednesday morning', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'cardboard boxmaker', 'extended weekend', 'Malaysian assets', 'energy giant', 'Saudi Aramco', 'South Africa', 'downstream businesses', 'oil giant', 'lower oil', 'safe-haven assets', 'Federal Reserve', 'Credit Suisse', 'three times', 'chip manufacturer', 'second-quarter sales', 'long-term growth', 'Spirits makers', 'Remy Cointreau', 'Pernod Ricard', 'open attitude', 'trade dispute', 'French cognac', 'New York', 'highest levels', 'Walt Disney', 'bigger version', 'iPad Air', 'Additional reporting', '0.3 per cent', '6 per cent', '0.8 per cent', '1.1 per cent', '1.2 per cent', '0.2 per cent', 'European shares', 'share price', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Irish market', 'volatile session', 'mid-cap FTSE 250', 'analysts’ expectations', 'fitness company', '2.7 per', 'FTSE 100', 'Switzerland', 'return', 'Tuesday', 'Photograph', 'slew', 'Ryanair', 'airline', 'industry', 'pricing', 'lot', 'maintenance', 'reporters', 'Brussels', 'green', 'foot', 'lenders', 'Continent', 'Ireland', 'AIB', 'PTSB', 'READ', 'reports', 'subject', '$15 billion', 'bid', 'Brazil', 'Suzano', 'London', 'Shell', 'jump', 'plans', 'BP', 'Reuters', 'talks', 'forecasts', 'demand', 'ceasefire', 'Gaza', 'Surveys', 'April', 'eyes', 'England', 'Monday', 'bets', 'Infineon', 'China', 'investors', 'crossroads', 'rebound', 'sell-off', 'CNBC', 'number', 'buyout', 'Apple', 'Traders', 'Fedspeak', 'officials', '4', '1.3', '2.1']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,irishtimes.com
40576,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNOVA-N-V-20366366/news/Cnova-N-Explanatory-notes-Cnova-NV-AGM-2024-46645311/,Cnova N : Explanatory notes – Cnova NV AGM 2024,(marketscreener.com)   1   CNOVA N.V.   EXPLANATORY NOTES TO THE AGENDA   Explanatory notes to the agenda for the annual general meeting of shareholders of Cnova N.V. to be held on Friday June 21  2024  at 11:30 a.m. CEST  at Beethovenstraat 400  1…,"1 CNOVA N.V. EXPLANATORY NOTES TO THE AGENDA Explanatory notes to the agenda for the annual general meeting of shareholders of Cnova N.V. (the ""Company"") to be held on Friday June 21  2024  at 11:30 a.m. CEST  at Beethovenstraat 400  1082 PR Amsterdam  the Netherlands (the ""AGM""). Agenda item 2: Board report for the financial year 2023 (discussion item) Dutch law requires the board of directors of the Company (the ""Board"") to annually prepare a board report  which must give a true and fair view of the position on the balance sheet date of the annual accounts  the developments during the financial year and the results of the Company and its group companies of which the financial information has been included in the annual accounts. Under Dutch law  the board report must also be discussed at the annual general meeting of shareholders. The contents of such board report are subject to Dutch law and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. In its meeting held on October 30  2014  the general meeting of shareholders of the Company (the ""General Meeting"") approved the use of the English language for the annual board report  in accordance with section 2:391(1) of the Dutch Civil Code (""DCC"")  and for the balance sheet items in the annual accounts  in accordance with section 2:362(7) DCC. As such  and due to the international nature of the Company's business  the board report for the financial year 2023 (the ""Board Report"") and the balance sheet items in the annual accounts for the financial year 2023 (the ""Annual Accounts"") have been prepared in the English language. Agenda item 3: Remuneration report for the financial year 2023 (advisory voting item) In accordance with sections 2:135b (1) and (2) DCC  the implementation of the Company's remuneration policy in 2023 has been disclosed in the remuneration report as part of the Board Report and such remuneration report will be discussed and put to an advisory vote. Proposed resolution In accordance with and further to the explanatory notes to the agenda for the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders  to approve  as an advisory vote  the remuneration report over the financial year 2023 as included in the Board Report. Agenda item 4: Allocation of results and dividend policy (discussion item) The Dutch Corporate Governance Code recommends that the Company's dividend policy (the level and purpose of the addition to the reserves  the amount of the dividend and the type of dividend) be discussed at the AGM. 82042295 M 54809430 / 62 For the financial year 2023  the Company's Annual Accounts show a loss both on a standalone basis and on a consolidated basis. In view of these losses  the Board did not see any reason to reconsider its policy of not paying any dividends and resolved to charge the losses shown in the Annual Accounts against the retained earnings. Agenda item 5: Adoption of the annual accounts for the financial year 2023 (voting item) Dutch law requires the Board to annually prepare annual accounts  consisting of a balance sheet and a profit and loss account with respect to the preceding financial year  as well as consolidated accounts and explanatory notes thereto. The Board has drawn up the Annual Accounts  which were signed by all members of the Board. Dutch law provides that the general meeting of shareholders is the corporate body authorized to formally adopt the Annual Accounts. As indicated above  the Company has finalized the Annual Accounts  and therefore it is now proposed to the General Meeting to adopt the Annual Accounts. Proposed resolution In accordance with and further to the explanatory notes to the agenda for the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders  to adopt the Annual Accounts drawn up by the Board and signed by all members of the Board. Agenda item 6: Release from liability of the members of the Board with respect to the performance of their duties during the financial year 2023 (voting item) In accordance with Dutch law  if the General Meeting adopts the Annual Accounts  such adoption does not automatically release the members of the Board from liability with respect to the performance of their duties during the financial year 2023. Instead  such proposal should be made separate from the proposal to adopt the Annual Accounts. Consequently  it is now proposed to the General Meeting to release the members of the Board from liability with respect to the performance of their duties during the financial year 2023. In principle  this proposed release from liability only extends to matters that are disclosed in the Annual Accounts or have otherwise been disclosed to the General Meeting. Proposed resolution In accordance with and further to the explanatory notes to the agenda for the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders  to release the members of the Board from liability with respect to the 82042295 M 54809430 / 63 performance of their duties during the financial year 2023. Agenda item 7: Instruction to KPMG Accountants N.V. as the external auditor of the Company for the financial year 2024 (voting item) Under Dutch law  the general meeting of shareholders is  in principle  the corporate body authorized to annually appoint the external independent auditor for the audit of the Company's annual accounts. In the 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders of the Company (the ""2023 AGM"")  KPMG Accountants N.V. was appointed as the external independent auditor for the audit of the annual accounts for the financial year 2023. In selecting the external independent accountant for the financial year 2024  the Board has come to the conclusion that a renewal of the appointment of KPMG Accountants N.V. would best serve the Company  in view of their knowledge of the Company  continued focus on engagement performance and quality. It is now proposed to appoint KPMG Accountants N.V. as the external independent auditor for the audit of the Company's annual accounts  the Company's annual report and  if applicable  the Company's sustainability reporting  in each case for the financial year 2024. Proposed resolution In accordance with and further to the explanatory notes to the agenda for the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders  to appoint KPMG Accountants N.V. as the external independent auditor for the audit of the Company's annual accounts  the Company's annual report and  if applicable  the Company's sustainability reporting  in each case for the financial year 2024. Agenda item 8: Adoption of the remuneration policy for the Board (voting item) The Company's remuneration policy for the Board has most recently been adopted at the 2020 annual general meeting of shareholders of the Company. This remuneration policy must be submitted to the General Meeting for approval at least once every four years. No changes to the Company's remuneration policy for the Board are currently being proposed. It is now proposed that the Company's existing remuneration policy for the Board be adopted. Proposed resolution In accordance with and further to the explanatory notes to the agenda for the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders  to adopt the remuneration policy for the Board with effect from the beginning of the financial year 2024. 82042295 M 54809430 / 64 Agenda item 9: Appointment of Mrs. Béatrice Davourie as Non-Executive Director (voting item) By written resolution dated May 3  2024  the Board appointed Mrs. Béatrice Davourie as replacement non-executive director with effect from May 10  2024  under Article 13.10 of the Company's articles of association (the ""Articles of Association""). It is now proposed that Mrs. Davourie will be formally appointed as Non-Executive Director for a period ending at the end of the Company's annual general meeting of shareholders to be held in 2027. Mrs. Davourie serves as General Counsel at the Casino Group. Prior to joining Casino  she held senior legal executive positions at Groupe Louis Delhaize and CapGemini. Among others  she holds an Executive MBA from ESSEC business school and a master's degree in corporate and tax law from Paris Panthéon-Assas University. Mrs. Davourie is being nominated for appointment in view of her financial and management experience in international business  her knowledge and experience in social and employment related matters  her understanding of corporate responsibility and her experience in disclosure and communication matters. Proposed resolution In accordance with and further to the explanatory notes to the agenda for the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders  to appoint Mrs. Béatrice Davourie as Non-Executive Director for a period ending at the end of the Company's annual general meeting of shareholders to be held in 2027. Agenda item 10: Reppointment of Mr. Silvio José Genesini Junior as Non-Executive Director (voting item) In the 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders of the Company  the General Meeting reappointed Mr. Silvio José Genesini Junior as Non-Executive Director of the Company for a period ending at the at the end of the Company's annual general meeting of shareholders to be held in 2024  being this AGM. It is now proposed that Mr. Genesini Junior will be reappointed as Non-Executive Director for a period ending at the end of the Company's annual general meeting of shareholders to be held in 2027. Silvio J. Genesini was appointed to serve as a replacement director effective December 8  2014  82042295 M 54809430 / 65 and was subsequently appointed non-executive director in May 2015. Mr. Genesini acts as one of our independent directors. He currently serves as a member of the board of directors of Algar  (Brazilian conglomerate with telecom  IT and agribusiness operations)  CVC (Brazilian public tourism operator). brMalls (Shopping Malls Operator) and Anima Educação (Private Universities). Mr. Genesini previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Grupo Estado from 2009 to 2012  a Brazilian media group  as the managing director of Brazilian operations for Oracle Corporation from 2004 to 2009  and as a partner at Accenture and Andersen Consulting. Mr. Genesini holds a degree in industrial engineering from Universidade de São Paulo. Mr. Genesini Junior is being nominated for reappointment in view of his financial and management experience in international business  his knowledge and experience in social and employment related matters  his understanding of corporate responsibility and his experience in disclosure and communication matters. Proposed resolution In accordance with and further to the explanatory notes to the agenda for the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders  to reappoint Mr. Silvio José Genesini Junior as Non-Executive Director for a period ending at the end of the Company's annual general meeting of shareholders to be held in 2027. Agenda item 11: Authorization of the Board to acquire ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (voting item) Under Article 10 of the Company's articles of association (the ""Articles of Association"") and Dutch law  the Company may  subject to certain statutory Dutch law provisions  acquire for consideration and hold  hold as pledgee and/or hold through its subsidiaries  up to fifty percent (50%) of the Company's issued share capital. Any acquisition of shares in the Company's own capital for consideration is subject to the authorization of the General Meeting  which authorization shall be valid for no more than eighteen (18) months. The General Meeting has most recently granted such authorization  subject to certain limitations  in the 2023 AGM  which authorization was effective as of  and for a period of eighteen months from  the date of the 2023 AGM. In Dutch corporate practice  an annual renewal of the authorization is customary. It is now proposed to authorize the Board to perform acquisitions by the Company of up to 50% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time  by any means  including through derivative products  purchases on any stock exchange  through any private purchase or block trade  or otherwise  for a price or value that is between nil and an amount which is not higher than 110% of the average market price of such ordinary shares on Euronext Paris (such average market price 82042295 M 54809430 / 66 being the average of the closing prices on each of the ten (10) consecutive trading days preceding the second day prior to the date the acquisition is agreed upon by the Company)  for a period of eighteen (18) months with effect from this AGM  exclusive of any fees  commissions or other expenses related to such acquisitions  all subject to the limitations provided for in Article 10 of the Articles of Association and Dutch law. Proposed resolution In accordance with and further to the explanatory notes to the agenda for the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders  to authorize the board of directors to perform acquisitions by the Company for a period of eighteen (18) months with effect from the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders. The number of ordinary shares to be acquired pursuant to this authorization  the manner in which such shares may be acquired and the limits within which the price must be set have been specified in the explanatory notes to the agenda. Agenda item 12: Delegation of the authority to issue ordinary shares and special voting shares and to grant rights to subscribe for such shares (voting item) Under Article 6 of the Articles of Association and Dutch law  the General Meeting may delegate to the Board the authority to resolve upon the issuance of ordinary shares and special voting shares and to grant rights to subscribe for such shares. Such delegation shall only be valid for a specified period of not more than five (5) years and may from time to time be extended by the General Meeting with a period of not more than five (5) years. The General Meeting has most recently delegated the authority to resolve upon the issuance of ordinary shares and special voting shares and to grant rights to subscribe for such shares  in the 2023 AGM. In Dutch corporate practice  an annual renewal of the authorization is customary. It is now proposed to delegate to the Board the authority to resolve on the issuance of ordinary shares and special voting shares up to the maximum number allowed to be issued under the Company's authorized share capital as stipulated in the Articles of Association from time to time  and to grant rights to subscribe for such ordinary shares and special voting shares up to such maximum number  for a period of five (5) years with effect from this AGM  which delegation shall include the authority to determine the price and further terms and conditions of any such share issuance or grant. Proposed resolution In accordance with and further to the explanatory notes to the agenda for the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders  to delegate to the board of directors the authority to resolve on the issuance of ordinary shares and special voting shares up to the maximum number allowed to be 82042295 M 54809430 / 6",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Cnova NV AGM', 'Explanatory notes', 'The Dutch Corporate Governance Code', '1 CNOVA N.V. EXPLANATORY NOTES', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'Dutch Civil Code', 'balance sheet date', 'balance sheet items', 'advisory voting item', 'preceding financial year', 'AGENDA Explanatory notes', 'annual general meeting', 'annual board report', 'corporate body', 'Dutch law', 'advisory vote', 'annual accounts', 'The Board', 'Remuneration report', 'financial information', 'Friday June', '1082 PR Amsterdam', 'group companies', 'English language', 'international nature', 'standalone basis', 'consolidated basis', 'consolidated accounts', 'external auditor', 'discussion item', 'remuneration policy', 'Agenda item', 'fair view', 'loss account', 'dividend policy', 'shareholders', 'Company', '11:30 a', 'CEST', 'Beethovenstraat', 'Netherlands', 'AGM', 'directors', 'true', 'position', 'developments', 'results', 'contents', 'October', 'use', 'accordance', 'section', 'DCC', 'business', 'implementation', 'part', 'resolution', 'Allocation', 'level', 'purpose', 'addition', 'reserves', 'amount', 'type', 'losses', 'reason', 'dividends', 'earnings', 'Adoption', 'profit', 'respect', 'members', 'liability', 'performance', 'duties', 'proposal', 'principle', 'release', 'matters', 'Instruction']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40577,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NORDIC-MINING-ASA-1413215/news/Nordic-Mining-INTERIM-REPORT-46650935/,Nordic Mining : INTERIM REPORT,(marketscreener.com)    INTERIM REPORT   Per 31 March 2024   MINERALS FOR A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE   SAFETY | ENVIRONMENT | INNOVATION   Engebø Rutile and Garnet AS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nordic Mining ASA.   ...https://www.marketscreen…,"INTERIM REPORT Per 31 March 2024 MINERALS FOR A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE SAFETY | ENVIRONMENT | INNOVATION Engebø Rutile and Garnet AS (""Engebø Rutile and Garnet"" or the ""Company"") is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nordic Mining ASA. The Company is undertaking a large-scale industrial development at Engebø on the west coast of Norway where the Company has mining rights and permits to a substantial eclogite deposit with rutile and garnet. Nordic Mining ASA is listed on Euronext Expand Oslo with ticker ""NOM"".Engebø Rutile and Garnetinterim report for the quarter ended 31 March 2024 The Engebø deposit has among the highest grades of rutile (TiO2) compared to existing producers and other projects under development. The deposit also contains significant quantities of high-quality garnet. The Engebø life of mine is 39 years  comprising 15 years of open pit mining followed by 24 years of underground mining. Favorable location  topography and local  green hydropower enables efficient and climate friendly production of high-quality natural rutile and garnet. Engebø was fully financed by USD 277 million in March 2023. Following completion of project financing of the Engebø Project the four lump-sum EPC (""Engineering  Procurement and Construction"") contracts with Sunnfjord Industripartner AS  Åsen & Øvrelid AS  Nordic Bulk AS and Normatic AS were fully activated. Offtake agreements have been secured for up to the full production of rutile and garnet for the first 5 years of production. Highlights The Company reported NOK 550.8 million in capitalized costs related to the construction of the Engebø Project in the first quarter  compared to NOK 329.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. The Company's carrying amount for Mine under construction was NOK2.0 billion as of 31 March 2024.2.0 billion as of 31 March 2024. In March the Company completed the first release of USD 30 million from the bond Escrow account that holds the proceeds from the issuance of the USD 100 million senior secured bond. The release was an important milestone for the Engebø Project as an independent engineer confirmed that a cost-to-complete test had been satisfied. The third-party assessment of the Company's projections asserts that the Engebø Project has sufficient funding and will be completed on time. Main events The Company continued construction of the Engebø Project in the first quarter with SMPP(""Structural  Mechanical  Piping and Platework"") and E&I (""Electrical and Instrumentation"") contractors working in all main processing areas. The Project achieved the planned milestones for the quarter including preparations for several heavy lifting operations executed in April.(""Structural  Mechanical  Piping and Platework"") and E&I (""Electrical and Instrumentation"") contractors working in all main processing areas. The Project achieved the planned milestones for the quarter including preparations for several heavy lifting operations executed in April. No lost time injuries (LTI) have been registered at the Engebø Project site in the 1 st quarter 2024  and project to date has zero lost time injuries.quarter 2024  and project to date has zero lost time injuries. In March the Company won against Arctic Mineral Resources (""AMR"") on all counts in the Supreme Court. The court also ruled that AMR had to pay all legal expenses. The Company received the funds from AMR in early April. With the ruling the litigation from AMR is at an end. As argued by the Company and the Norwegian Government  the ruling concluded that all minerals in the Engebø deposit ore are owned by the Norwegian state. Consequently  the Company  through the mining rights granted by the state  has a sole and exclusive right to mine the Engebø deposit  including titanium and garnet. AMR has never had any claim or rights in the deposit. 2Engebø project development and economy The administration and workshop buildings are completed  and final documentation for completion certification has been submitted to the municipality. The overhead crane and storage facility for general  commissioning and maintenance spares has been installed in the workshop and is ready for use.Fabrication of long lead mechanical packages was close to completion at the end of the quarter  with only 3 Client Provided Items (""CPIs"") with completion certification still outstanding at the fabrication facility. The majority of the mechanical packages are in transit or have reached the intermediate warehouse with continuous deliveries to the project site at Engebø as required for installation. The CPIs are procured directly by the Company and released to the SMPP EPC for mechanical installation when arriving at Engebø. The project has seen increased risk too global logistics with some delays of shipments from overseas fabrication locations being realised. The project has to date managed to mitigate the materialized risks without impacting the expected timing for the production ramp-up schedule.ramp-up schedule. The Civil and Buildings contractor  Aasen & Øvrelid finalized concrete foundations for all main processing areas (primary crushing station  comminution and milling plant  wet plant  dry plant and product storage and loadout) and started installation of the wall panels on all main processing buildings.The SMPP EPC contractor  Nordic Bulk  has finalized installation of main equipment for the Comminution and Milling Plant  with sub-assemblies of the rod mill installation scheduled for completion in May. All sumps and pumps are installed on the ground floor of the wet plant with installation of CPI equipment in progress on the floor levels above the sumps and pumps. Mechanical installation of bulk materials handling equipment and process equipment in all main processing areas was started in March.sub-assemblies of the rod mill installation scheduled for completion in May. All sumps and pumps are installed on the ground floor of the wet plant with installation of CPI equipment in progress on the floor levels above the sumps and pumps. Mechanical installation of bulk materials handling equipment and process equipment in all main processing areas was started in March. The E&I contractor  Normatic has progressed on installation of cable racks in all main processing areas and started cable installation in the Comminution and Milling Plant.The Company acted in Q1 2024 to secure the Engebø Project against potential negative USD/NOK exchange rate movements to ensure that a potential strengthening of the NOK would not negatively impact the estimated remaining project reserve. As of quarter end the Company had forward Foreign Exchange (FX) positions for sale of USD 45 million with dates aligning with the expected bond Escrow account release dates for the second and third releases.The robustness of the guided project economy improved in the first quarter of 2024 with the first release from the bond Escrow account  the win in the Supreme Court  stronger realized and secured exchange rates and solid progression on the construction of the project during the quarter. 3Market development The major titanium dioxide pigment producers reported a continued improvement of the market in Q1 2024 from Q4 2023  albeit from a low activity base. An increase in demand as well as replenishment of stocks enabled producers to run at higher utilization rates.TiO2 feedstock producers reported improved market conditions as well and reported sales volumes were mostly above reported production volumes for the quarter.Demand from titanium metal segment remains strong  driven by the extensive backlog of orders from the aviation industry and the increase in military spending.Demand for garnet abrasives in North America slowed slightly in the first quarter. This was likely driven by sustained higher interest rates and a minor slowing of the industrial economy. While demand remained soft in Europe  supply chain disruption impacted the market in January and continued throughout the quarter.The Company has offtake agreements in place for the first five years of production on both rutile and garnet  covering up to the full production. 4Financial performance in first quarter 20241) The Engebø Project is under construction and the Company has  so far  no sales revenues from operations. Reported operating profit for the first quarter was NOK 4.6 million (NOK -7.2 million). Total refund of legal expenses from the case against Arctic Mineral Resources (""AMR"") amounted to NOK 12.4 million and has been recorded as a reduction of other operating expenses in Q1 2024  partially offset by non-capitalizablepre-production operating costs related to the development and construction of the Engebø Project. Net financial items were NOK -41.8 million in the first quarter (NOK -41.0 million)  with the main financial items in the first quarter being net loss on foreign exchange related to the bond loan  bond Escrow and royalty liability of NOK -42.0 million  other foreign exchange gain of NOK 7.1 million  loss on foreign exchange derivatives of NOK -11.4 million  interest on cash held of NOK 5.7 million and transaction costs from financing of NOK -1.1 million. Please see note 6 and 7 for further information. Borrowing costs on loans from parent company  the bond loan and the royalty liability  net of interest on bond Escrow  has been capitalized under Mine under construction  in total NOK -57.8 million in the first quarter. Reported net loss in the first quarter was NOK -37.2 million (NOK -48.2 million). In the first quarter  the Company has capitalized NOK 550.8 million on the balance sheet under Mine under construction direct costs related to the construction work at Engebø  up from NOK 329.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2023  resulting from increased activity compared to the previous quarter. The Company's carrying amount for Mine under construction was NOK 2.0 billion as of 31 March 2024 (Fourth quarter 2023: NOK 1.5 billion). Net cash flow from operating activities for the first quarter was NOK 5.9 million (NOK -3.5 million). Net cash flow from investment activities related to investment in Mine under construction for the first quarter was NOK -365.0 million (NOK -82.1 million). Note that the cash flow amount does not include capitalized net borrowing costs or outstanding payables  both of which are booked on the balance sheet under Mine under construction. Interest on the bond loan for the first quarterly interest rate period of USD 3.1 million (corresponding to NOK 33.3 million) is included in interest and financing fees paid. Please see note 3 for further information related to the bond Escrow account. In March 2024  the Company released USD 30 million (corresponding to NOK 311.2 million) from the bond Escrow account  resulting in net cash flow from financing activities of in total NOK 277.9 million (NOK 960.3 million). The Company's cash and cash equivalents as of 31 March 2024 were NOK 443.7 million (Fourth quarter 2023: NOK 522.2 million). In addition  the Company had NOK 831.2 million on restricted Escrow account for bond and NOK 12.6 million on restricted account pledged toward Directorate of Mining (""DirMin"") for clean-up measures in accordance with the operating license. Engebø Rutile and Garnet's total assets as of 31 March 2024 were NOK 3.4 billion (31 December 2023: NOK 3.1 billion)  and total equity was NOK 978.0 million (31 December 2023: NOK 1.0 billion). For further information relating to the Company's risk assessments  reference is made to the annual report for 2023 which is available on the Company's webpage www.nordicmining.com. Oslo  6 May 2024 The Board of Directors of Engebø Rutile and Garnet AS Unless other information is given  numbers in brackets for comparison relate to the corresponding period in 2023. 5INCOME STATEMENT 2024 2023 2023 01.01-31.03 01.01-31.0301.01-31.12 (Amounts in NOK thousands) Note Unaudited Unaudited Audited Payroll and related costs - (54) (0) Depreciation and amortization (40) (46) (180) Other operating expenses 5 4 610 (7 090) (27 152) Operating profit/(loss) 4 570 (7 190) (27 333) Net exchange rate gain/loss (-) 6  7 (46 312) 401 25 227 Financial income 7 5 675 11 786 22 736 Financial costs 7 (1 138) (53 196) (54 976) Profit/(loss) before tax (37 206) (48 199) (34 345) Income tax - - - Profit/(loss) for the period (37 206) (48 199) (34 345) 6STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 31.03.2024 31.12.2023 (Amounts in NOK thousands) Note Unaudited Audited ASSETS Non-current assets Mine under construction 2 2 013 253 1 462 466 Property  plant and equipment 872 912 Total non-current assets 2 014 124 1 463 378 Current assets Trade and other receivables 54 915 28 904 Bond Escrow 3 831 237 1 075 042 Restricted cash 12 645 8 430 Cash and cash equivalents 443 667 522 164 Total current assets 1 342 465 1 634 541 Total assets 3 356 589 3 097 919 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Shareholders' equity Share capital 26 078 26 078 Share premium 988 660 988 660 Retained earnings/(losses) (37 206) - Total equity 977 531 1 014 737 Non-current liabilities Bond loan 3 970 535 902 182 Royalty liability 4 575 545 517 574 Liability to parent company 494 821 487 220 Total non-current liabilities 2 040 901 1 906 975 Current liabilities Trade payables 194 066 93 552 Other current liabilities 144 090 82 655 Total current liabilities 338 156 176 207 Total liabilities 2 379 057 2 083 182 Total shareholders' equity and liabilities 3 356 589 3 097 919 7STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY Unaudited Share Share Accumulated (Amounts in NOK thousands) Note capital premium losses Total equity Equity 1 January 2024 26 078 988 660 - 1 014 737 Profit/(loss) for the period - - (37 206) (37 206) Equity 31 March 2024 26 078 988 660 (37 206) 977 531 8CONDENSED CASH FLOW STATEMENT 2024 2023 01.01-31.03 01.01-31.03 (Amounts in NOK thousands) Unaudited Unaudited Operating activities: Net cash from/used (-) in operating activites 5 855 (3 536) Investing activities: Investment in mine under construction (365 007) (82 123) Net cash used in investing activities (365 007) (82 123) Financing activities: Transaction costs  share issue - (34 796) Transfer from Bond Escrow 311 183 - Interest paid (33 330) - Other financing fees paid - (22 970) Net proceeds from borrowings from parent company - 1 018 052 Net cash from financing activities 277 853 960 286 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (81 299) 874 627 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 522 164 32 377 Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash held 2 802 (420) Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 443 668 906 585 Net change in restricted cash 4 215 4 215 Restricted cash at beginning of period 8 430 4 215 Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on restricted cash held - - Restricted cash at end of period 12 645 8 430 Restricted and unrestricted cash at end of period 456 313 915 015 9",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.29,0.4,True,English,"['Nordic Mining', 'INTERIM REPORT', 'USD 100 million senior secured bond', 'several heavy lifting operations', 'long lead mechanical packages', 'bond Escrow account', 'SUSTAINABLE FUTURE SAFETY', 'local, green hydropower', 'Arctic Mineral Resources', '3 Client Provided Items', 'main processing areas', 'Nordic Mining ASA', 'open pit mining', 'four lump-sum EPC', 'Sunnfjord Industripartner AS', 'Nordic Bulk AS', 'large-scale industrial development', 'climate friendly production', 'substantial eclogite deposit', 'overseas fabrication locations', 'lost time injuries', 'production ramp-up schedule', 'Engebø deposit ore', 'high-quality natural rutile', 'The Engebø life', 'Engebø Project site', 'The Engebø deposit', 'Engebø project development', 'Main events', 'underground mining', 'Normatic AS', 'full production', 'mining rights', 'The Civil', 'INTERIM REPORT', 'west coast', 'highest grades', 'existing producers', 'other projects', 'significant quantities', 'Favorable location', 'Offtake agreements', 'capitalized costs', 'carrying amount', 'important milestone', 'independent engineer', 'complete test', 'third-party assessment', 'sufficient funding', 'E&I', 'legal expenses', 'Norwegian Government', 'exclusive right', 'final documentation', 'overhead crane', 'storage facility', 'general, commissioning', 'maintenance spares', 'fabrication facility', 'intermediate warehouse', 'continuous deliveries', 'SMPP EPC', 'global logistics', 'expected timing', 'Buildings contractor', 'concrete foundations', 'The Project', 'Øvrelid AS', 'project financing', 'high-quality garnet', 'Engebø Rutile', 'Garnet AS', 'first release', 'Supreme Court', 'Norwegian state', 'workshop buildings', 'completion certification', 'mechanical installation', 'first quarter', 'fourth quarter', '1 st quarter', 'early April', 'The Company', 'Construction"") contracts', 'first 5 years', '39 years', '15 years', '24 years', '31 March', 'MINERALS', 'ENVIRONMENT', 'INNOVATION', 'subsidiary', 'Norway', 'permits', 'Euronext', 'Oslo', 'ticker', 'NOM', 'topography', 'efficient', 'Engineering', 'Procurement', 'Åsen', 'Highlights', 'NOK', 'proceeds', 'issuance', 'projections', 'Structural', 'Piping', 'Platework', 'Electrical', 'Instrumentation', 'contractors', 'milestones', 'preparations', 'LTI', 'date', 'zero', 'AMR', 'counts', 'funds', 'ruling', 'litigation', 'sole', 'titanium', 'claim', 'administration', 'municipality', 'CPIs', 'majority', 'transit', 'risk', 'delays', 'shipments', 'Aasen', 'primary']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40578,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/07/2876294/0/en/Valneva-Reports-First-Quarter-2024-Financial-Results-and-Provides-Corporate-Updates.html,Valneva Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Updates,Valneva Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Updates              Q1 financial highlights          Total revenues of......,"Valneva Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial Results andProvides Corporate UpdatesQ1 financial highlightsTotal revenues of €32.8 million  including sales of €32.1 million  on track to meet anticipated full year guidanceCash position of €176.6 million  including €95 million from sale of Priority Review Voucher (PRV) 1 . Significantly extended cash runway with recent update of debt financing agreement 2 Substantially lower cash burn expected in 2024 as Valneva expects to complete its cost contributions for the Lyme disease Phase 3 study in the second quarter. Net Profit of €58.9 million  reflecting PRV sale2024 financial guidance confirmedExpected total revenues between €170 million and €190 million  including: €160 million to €180 million of sales driven by growth of Valneva’s proprietary productsExpected R&D investments between €60 million and €75 million  mostly dedicated to ongoing chikungunya development activities  the Zika trial and advancement of pre-clinical programsExpected Other income between €100 million and €110 million  reflecting €95 million in proceeds from the PRV saleStrong R&D executionSingle-shot chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ ® recommended by ACIP and adopted by U.S. CDC 3 ; Regulatory processes with the European  Canadian and Brazilian authorities on track;recommended by ACIP and adopted by U.S. CDC ; Regulatory processes with the European  Canadian and Brazilian authorities on track; Six-month data for Phase 3 adolescent study of IXCHIQ ® to be reported shortly and label extensions to be submitted based on results; Enrolment of children for pediatric Phase 2 study on track;to be reported shortly and label extensions to be submitted based on results; Enrolment of children for pediatric Phase 2 study on track; Primary vaccinations for all participants in the VALOR Lyme disease Phase 3 trial expected to be completed in Q2;Phase 1 clinical trial for second-generation Zika vaccine candidate initiated4.Financial Information(Unaudited results  consolidated per IFRS)€ in million 3 months ending March 31 2024 2023 Product sales 32.1 32.1 Total revenues 32.8 33.5 Net profit/(loss) 58.9 (18.1) Adjusted EBITDA (profit/loss) 73.0 (12.3) Cash 176.6 254.5Saint-Herblain (France)  May 7  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today reported its financial results for the first quarter ending March 31  2024  and provided corporate updates. The condensed consolidated interim financial results are available on the Company’s website (Financial Reports – Valneva).Valneva will host a live webcast of its first quarter 2024 results conference callat 3 p.m. CEST/9 a.m. EDT today. This webcast will also be available on the Company’s website. Please refer to this link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/wrc2a7s3.Peter Bühler  Valneva’s Chief Financial Officer  commented  “The first quarter performance has been in line with our expectations. We are aiming to further capitalize on the travel industry recovery during the rest of the year including ramping-up sales for IXCHIQ® to support our commercial sales growth while executing on our key R&D milestones. The successful sale of our PRV and deferral of our loan reimbursement in Q1 allowed us to maintain a solid cash position and  with the expected completion of our payments for the Lyme Phase 3 trial in the second quarter  we anticipate a significantly lower cash burn in 2024.”Commercial PortfolioValneva’s commercial portfolio is composed of three travel vaccines  IXIARO®/JESPECT®  DUKORAL® and IXCHIQ®. The Company also distributes certain third-party products in countries where it operates its own marketing and sales infrastructure.JAPANESE ENCEPHALITIS VACCINE IXIARO®/JESPECT®In the first quarter of 2024  IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales were €16.6 million compared to €17.4 million in the first quarter of 2023. Sales to the U.S. military counterbalanced most of the supply constraints experienced during the period. These constraints have now been resolved  and as communicated last month in its full-year publication5  Valneva expects double-digit annual growth for IXIARO® sales for at least the next three years.CHOLERA / ETEC6-DIARRHEA VACCINE DUKORAL®In the first quarter of 2024  DUKORAL® sales increased by 10.3% to €11.3 million compared to €10.2 million in the first quarter of 2023  as the vaccine continued to benefit from the significant recovery in the private travel markets.CHIKUNGUNYA VACCINE IXCHIQ®IXCHIQ® is the world’s first and only licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this significant unmet medical need. Following adoption of the U.S. Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP)’s recommendations7 by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)8 at the beginning of March 2024  Valneva has focused on launching its single-dose chikungunya vaccine in the U.S. and recorded initial sales of €0.2 million in the first quarter.IXCHIQ® is also under regulatory review in Canada  Brazil and Europe  where it was granted accelerated assessment by the European Medicine Agency’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP). Decisions on these submissions are expected in 2024.A clinical study in adolescents  VLA1553-321  is ongoing. Valneva reported initial safety data in August 20239 and expects to report six-month data in the coming weeks. Funded by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) and conducted in Brazil in collaboration with Instituto Butantan  the VLA1553-321 adolescent trial is intended to support the label extension to this age group following initial approvals in adults. The trial is also expected to support licensure of the vaccine in Brazil  which would be the first potential approval for use in endemic populations. Additionally  the Company initiated a Phase 2 pediatric trial  VLA1553-221  in children aged 1 to 11 years  in January 202410. This is designed to support a Phase 3 pivotal pediatric study and potentially extend the label to this age group following initial regulatory approvals in adults and possibly in adolescents.THIRD-PARTY DISTRIBUTIONValneva distributes certain third-party vaccines in countries where it operates its own marketing and sales infrastructure. During the first quarter of 2024  third-party sales decreased by 8.9% to €4.1 million compared to €4.5 million in the first quarter of 2023 as a result of anticipated supply constraints. Valneva expects that third-party sales will gradually wind down to less than 5% of overall product sales by 2026/2027  allowing the Company to improve gross margins.Clinical Stage Vaccine CandidatesLYME DISEASE VACCINE CANDIDATE – VLA15Phase 3 study ongoingValneva and Pfizer are developing VLA15  a Phase 3 vaccine candidate targeting Borrelia  the bacterium that causes Lyme disease. VLA15 is a multivalent recombinant protein vaccine that targets six serotypes of Borrelia representing the most common strains found in the United States and Europe. VLA15 is the only Lyme disease program in late-stage clinical development today and has received Fast Track designation from the FDA.Vaccinations across the two cohorts of the Phase 3 trial “Vaccine Against Lyme for Outdoor Recreationists” (VALOR) are on track and Valneva and Pfizer expect all participants (9 437) to complete primary vaccinations (three doses) in the coming weeks.Topline data from the VALOR trial are expected by the end of 2025  with the aim for Pfizer to submit a Biologic License Application (BLA) to the FDA and a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) to the EMA in 2026  subject to positive data.Valneva’s cost contributions for the Lyme disease Phase 3 study are expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2024. All remaining payments to Pfizer are included in current refund liability at December 31  2023  and will not impact the Profit & Loss statement in 2024.ZIKA VACCINE CANDIDATE – VLA1601Phase 1 ongoing with second-generation vaccine candidateVLA1601 is a second-generation adjuvanted inactivated vaccine candidate against the mosquito-borne viral disease caused by the Zika virus (ZIKV). In March 2024  Valneva initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial to investigate the safety and immunogenicity of VLA160111. The randomized  placebo-controlled  Phase 1 trial  VLA1601-102  is planned to enroll approximately 150 participants aged 18 to 49 years in the United States. Participants will receive a low  medium or high dose of VLA1601. In addition  the low dose of VLA1601 will be evaluated with an additional adjuvant. Topline data from the trial are expected in the first half of 2025.Zika disease outbreaks have been reported in tropical Africa  Southeast Asia  the Pacific Islands  and  since 2015  in the Americas. Zika virus transmission persists in several countries in the Americas and in other endemic regions. To date  a total of 89 countries and territories have reported evidence of mosquito transmitted Zika virus infection12; however  surveillance remains limited globally. There are no preventive vaccines or effective treatments available and  as such  Zika remains a public health threat and is included in theFDA’s Tropical Disease Priority Review Voucher Program13.A vaccine against ZIKV would be a valuable addition to Valneva’s portfolio of travel vaccines against mosquito-borne diseases  which already includes IXCHIQ® and IXIARO®.First Quarter 2024 Financial Review(Unaudited  consolidated under IFRS)RevenuesValneva’s total revenues were €32.8 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to €33.5 million in the first quarter of 2023.Valneva’s sales reached €32.1 million in the first quarter of 2024 and remained comparable to the first quarter of 2023. Currency fluctuations had an immaterial impact on sales compared to the comparator period.IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales were €16.6 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to €17.4 million in the first quarter of 2023. The 4% decrease in sales is primarily the result of constrained supplies  which temporarily impacted sales during the first quarter and are now resolved.DUKORAL® sales were €11.3 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to €10.2 million in the first quarter of 2023. This 10% increase results from the continued recovery in the private travel markets primarily driven by Canada  and price increases.IXCHIQ® sales were €0.2 million in the first quarter of 2024. The U.S. CDC adopted recommendations by the ACIP14 at the beginning of March 2024.Third Party product sales were €4.1 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to €4.5 million in the first quarter of 2023  a 9% decrease which was mainly driven by supply constraints of Rabipur®/RabAvert® and Encepur® sold under the distribution agreement with Bavarian Nordic.Other revenues  including revenues from collaborations  licensing and services amounted to €0.6 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to €1.4 million in the first quarter of 2023 with the reduction mainly resulting from lower revenue recognition related to the R&D collaboration activities for chikungunya with Instituto Butantan.Operating Result and adjusted EBITDACosts of goods and services sold (COGS) were €22.2 million in the first quarter of 2024. The gross margin on commercial product sales amounted to 43.9% (excluding IXCHIQ®) compared to 48.4% in the first quarter of 2023. COGS of €8.0 million related to IXIARO® sales  yielding a product gross margin of 52.0%  which was impacted by €1.7 million recorded as write-offs for failed batches. COGS of €7.0 million related to DUKORAL® sales  yielding a product gross margin of 37.9%. Of the remaining COGS in the first quarter of 2024  €3.0 million related to the third-party products distribution business  €0.8 million to IXCHIQ®  €1.0 million to idle capacity costs and €2.4 million to cost of services. In the first quarter of 2023  overall COGS were €20.5 million  of which €17.9 million related to cost of goods and €2.6 million related to cost of services.Research and development expenses amounted to €13.1 million in the first quarter of 2024  compared to €14.1 million in the first quarter of 2023. This decrease was mainly driven by lower spend on Valneva’s COVID-19 vaccine  VLA2001 as well as lower spend on IXCHIQ® following licensure in the fourth quarter of 2023. At the same time  costs related to the ongoing transfer of operations into the new Almeida manufacturing facility resulted in higher R&D spend on commercial products. Marketing and distribution expenses in the first quarter of 2024 amounted to €11.3 million compared to €9.0 million in the first quarter of 2023. The increase is mainly related to €4.9 million of expenses associated with launch activities for IXCHIQ® (first quarter of 2023: €3.4 million). In the first quarter of 2024  general and administrative expenses increased to €11.7 million from €10.0 million in the first quarter of 2023  mainly resulting from higher costs related to the Company’s stock-based employee compensation program  higher recruiting charges and higher costs for digitalization & automation initiatives.During the first quarter of 2024  a net gain of €90.8 million from the sale of the PRV was recorded in the income statement. The net proceeds of $103 million were reduced by transaction costs as well as contractual payment obligations related to the sale of the PRV.Other income  net of other expenses  decreased to €2.9 million in the first quarter of 2024 from €3.5 million in the first quarter of 2023. The decrease was mainly driven by lower R&D tax credits recorded in the first quarter of 2024 following the reduction in eligible R&D spend.Valneva recorded an operating profit of €68.2 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to an operating loss of €16.6 million in the first quarter of 2023. The significant improvement is largely related to the proceeds from the sales of the PRV recorded in the income statement in the first quarter of 2024. Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below) profit in the first quarter of 2024 was €73.0 million  compared to an EBITDA loss of €12.3 million in the first quarter of 2023.Net ResultIn the first quarter of 2024  Valneva generated a net profit of €58.9 million compared to a net loss of €18.1 million in the first quarter of 2023.Finance expenses and currency effects in the first quarter of 2024 resulted in a net finance expense of €9.3 million  compared to a net finance expense of €1.7 million in the first quarter of 2023. The increase in finance expenses  net was mainly due to foreign exchange losses of €2.5 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to a profit of €3.2 million in the first quarter of 2023  primarily related to the development of the USD / EUR exchange rate. In addition  interest charges increased to €7.0 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to €5.1 million in the first quarter of 2023 following the increase of the Deerfield Management Company and OrbiMed (D&O) loan facility during the second half of 2023.Cash Flow and LiquidityNet cash used in operating activities amounted to €28.4 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to €24.3 million in the first quarter of 2023. Cash outflows in the first quarter of 2024 were mainly a result of the net loss for the period excluding proceeds from the sale of the PRV and by increases in working capital.Cash inflows from investing activities amounted to €86.7 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to cash outflows of €3.6 million in the first quarter of 2023. Cash inflows in the first quarter of 2024 were driven by €90.8 million net proceeds from the sale of the PRV  partly offset by construction activities in the Almeida manufacturing site in Scotland as well as equipment purchases.Net cash used in financing activities increased to €7.5 million in the first quarter of 2024 from €3.8 million in the first quarter of 2023. The increase in cash outflows in the first quarter of 2024 were primarily due to increased interest payments and transaction costs resulting from the upsized loan facility provided by D&O.Cash and cash equivalents were €176.6 million as at March 31  2024  compared to €126.1 million as at December 31  2023.Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresManagement uses and presents IFRS results as well as the non-IFRS measure of Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate and communicate its performance. While non-IFRS measures should not be construed as alternatives to IFRS measures  management believes non-IFRS measures are useful to further understand Valneva’s current performance  performance trends  and financial condition.Adjusted EBITDA is a common supplemental measure of performance used by investors and financial analysts. Management believes this measure provide additional analytical tools. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings (loss) for the period before income tax  finance income/expense  foreign exchange gain/(loss)  amortization  depreciation  and impairment (excluding impairment loss of disposal).A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss for the period  which is the most directly comparable IFRS measure  is set forth below:€ in million Three months ending March 31 (consolidated per IFRS) 2024 2023 Profit/(Loss) for the period 58.9 (18.1) Add: Income tax expense - (0.1) Total Finance income (0.3) (0.3) Total Finance expense 7.0 5.1 Foreign exchange gain/(loss) – net 2.5 (3.2) Amortization 1.3 1.6 Depreciation 3.5 2.6 Impairment - - Adjusted EBITDA 73.0 (12.3)About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first and only chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.Please click here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to guidance for certain financial results in fiscal year 2024 and mid-term outlook on financial results  cash position  and other business developments  including results of ongoing clinical trials  the timing and possible occurrence of further or initial regulatory approvals of its product candidates  the anticipated size of markets for its approved products and sales of those products  receipt of funding from external sources  supply of products sold by Valneva  and relationships with current business partners. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those developed or identified in any public documents filed with the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission made or to be made by Valneva. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines (including in relation to organic or strategic expansion of Valneva’s clinical pipeline)  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis and other global economic or political events  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection  the cancellation of existing contracts  the impact of a pandemic  and changes in the regulatory environment in which Valneva operates. The occurrence of any of these risks and uncertainties could substantially harm Valneva’s business  financial condition  prospects and results of operations. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Announces Sale of Priority Review Voucher for $103 Million - Valneva2 Valneva Announces Extension of the Interest-Only Period of Its Debt Facility with Deerfield and OrbiMed - Valneva3 ACIP Vaccine Recommendations and Schedules | CDC4 Valneva Initiates Phase 1 Trial of Second-Generation Zika Vaccine Candidate - Valneva5 Valneva Reports Full Year 2023 Results and Provides Business Updates and Outlook - Valneva6 Indications differ by country - Please refer to Product / Prescribing Information (PI) / Medication Guide approved in your respective countries for complete information  incl. dosing  safety and age groups in which this vaccine is licensed  ETEC = Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (E. Coli) bacterium.7 ACIP Vaccine Recommendations and Schedules | CDC8 ACIP Vaccine Recommendations and Schedules | CDC9 Valneva Reports Positive Initial Phase 3 Safety Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva10 Valneva Vaccinates First Participant in Pediatric Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine - Valneva11 Valneva Initiates Phase 1 Trial of Second-Generation Zika Vaccine Candidate - Valneva12 Zika virus disease (who.int)13 Tropical Disease Priority Review Voucher Program | FDA14 ACIP Vaccine Recommendations and Schedules | CDCAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.23,0.15,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'Corporate Updates', 'Valneva', 'VALOR Lyme disease Phase 3 trial', 'first quarter 2024 results conference call', 'ongoing chikungunya development activities', 'Strong R&D execution', 'key R&D milestones', 'significant unmet medical need', 'Lyme disease Phase 3 study', 'second-generation Zika vaccine candidate', 'U.S. Advisory Committee', 'JAPANESE ENCEPHALITIS VACCINE IXIARO', 'consolidated interim financial results', 'Single-shot chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ', 'Lyme Phase 3 trial', 'First Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'R&D investments', 'Phase 3 adolescent study', 'pediatric Phase 2 study', 'Phase 1 clinical trial', 'licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'single-dose chikungunya vaccine', 'debt financing agreement', 'Peter Bühler', 'three travel vaccines', 'U.S. military', 'next three years', 'private travel markets', 'U.S. Centers', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Priority Review Voucher', 'travel industry recovery', 'lower cash burn', 'U.S. CDC', 'double-digit annual growth', 'ETEC6-DIARRHEA VACCINE DUKORAL®', 'first quarter performance', 'specialty vaccine company', 'solid cash position', 'Q1 financial highlights', 'full year guidance', 'IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales', 'commercial sales growth', 'Zika trial', 'Disease Control', 'significant recovery', '2024 financial guidance', 'Financial Information', 'Financial Reports', 'Unaudited results', 'IXIARO® sales', 'second quarter', 'regulatory review', 'cash runway', 'Commercial Portfolio', 'Corporate Updates', 'Total revenues', 'recent update', 'cost contributions', 'proprietary products', 'pre-clinical programs', 'Other income', 'Regulatory processes', 'Brazilian authorities', 'Six-month data', 'label extensions', 'Primary vaccinations', 'Euronext Paris', 'loan reimbursement', 'third-party products', 'full-year publication', 'Immunization Practices', 'Product sales', 'sales infrastructure', 'DUKORAL® sales', 'initial sales', 'successful sale', 'The Company', 'Net Profit', 'European, Canadian', 'live webcast', 'supply constraints', 'PRV sale', 'Valneva SE', 'IXCHIQ ®', 'IXCHIQ®', 'track', 'advancement', 'proceeds', 'ACIP', 'Enrolment', 'children', 'participants', 'Q2', 'IFRS', 'million', '3 months', 'March', 'loss', 'EBITDA', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'May', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'website', 'CEST', 'link', 'media', 'server', 'mmc', 'wrc2a7s', 'line', 'expectations', 'rest', 'deferral', 'expected', 'completion', 'payments', 'countries', 'marketing', 'period', 'CHOLERA', 'world', 'adoption', 'recommendations7', 'Prevention', 'beginning', 'Canada', '9']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,globenewswire.com
40579,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.streamingmedia.com/PressRelease/Witbe-to-Boost-Video-Testing-and-Monitoring-Technology-With-Automated-Testing-Bundles-at-ANGA-COM-2024_55685.aspx,Witbe to Boost Video Testing and Monitoring Technology With Automated Testing Bundles at ANGA COM 2024,At ANGA COM 2024  Witbe will highlight its powerful automated testing and proactive monitoring technology. The company will demonstrate the benefits of its hardware and software solutions for cable and broadband video service providers looking to measure,Witbe to Boost Video Testing and Monitoring Technology With Automated Testing Bundles at ANGA COM 2024At ANGA COM 2024  Witbe will highlight its powerful automated testing and proactive monitoring technology. The company will demonstrate the benefits of its hardware and software solutions for cable and broadband video service providers looking to measure---( )WitbeANGA COM 2024 Exhibitor PreviewMay 14-16Cologne  GermanyHall 7  Stand C45At ANGA COM 2024  Witbe will highlight its powerful automated testing and proactive monitoring technology. The company will demonstrate the benefits of its hardware and software solutions for cable and broadband video service providers looking to measure their customers’ true quality of experience (QoE). A key highlight will be Witbe’s new Automated Testing Bundles  personalized from the company’s extensive experience working with service providers to help teams easily automate their video service testing.“I am very excited to bring our latest technology to ANGA COM this year ” said Yoann Hinard  chief operations officer at Witbe. “Video service providers worldwide have come to rely on the Witbe Software Suite to monitor and test their cable TV and streaming services. Our new Automated Testing Bundles enable teams to quickly deploy automation into their testing strategies to deliver superior quality streaming.”Automated Testing BundlesWitbe’s technology tests and monitors video services on real devices and networks  allowing service providers to measure the exact QoE their viewers receive at home and on the go. At ANGA COM 2024  Witbe will spotlight its new Automated Testing Bundles  which come prepackaged with everything providers need to implement automation into their video testing. The bundles are standardized to deploy in record time.Witbe’s Automated Testing Bundles include a Witbox  the company’s hardware that allows video service providers to directly test any real device they have  along with a Witbe Hub Cloud to work remotely  and a set number of test scenarios that can be quickly deployed. There are three different tiers of bundles available  allowing teams to pick how many test scenarios they would like to begin running right away. With these new Automated Testing Bundles  Witbe’s award-winning technology is easier to deploy than ever before.Photo Link: www.202comms.com/Witbe/QA_Test_Automation.jpgPhoto Caption: Witbe’s new Automated Testing Bundles come with preset test scenarios ready to be deployed immediately.Other Witbe Highlights at ANGA COM 2024 Will Include:ABR Stream Analysis TechnologyWitbe’s new ABR Stream Analysis technology enhances the powerful monitoring capabilities of the company’s award-winning Witbox+  offering service providers additional data on how their users’ experiences are affected by the Adaptive Bitrate (ABR) stream. The technology is available either as a software addition to the Witbox+ or as a separate dedicated device in the WitboxABR. The WitboxABR allows teams to perform their network tests at scale  along with monitoring for CDN errors and SCTE-35 ad cues.Photo Link: www.202comms.com/Witbe/Witbe_Remote_Eye_Controller_Mosaic.pngPhoto Caption: Witbe’s ABR Stream Analysis technology monitors for errors on the network side of a video stream.Ad Monitoring and Matching TechnologyWitbe’s Ad Monitoring and Matching technology helps providers identify streaming errors caused by dynamic ad insertion. The technology delivers accurate reports on the most important key performance indicators (KPIs) for streaming ads  including common ad errors like black screens  audio cuts  crashed streams  and issues when returning to the main content. Available now  Witbe’s Ad Matching feature can also verify when a specific ad is played throughout a stream and how it performed.Photo Link: www.202comms.com/Witbe/Ad_Monitoring_Matching_technology.jpgPhoto Caption: Witbe’s Ad Monitoring and Matching technology identifies streaming errors caused by dynamic ad insertion.The Complete Witbox LineupWitbe’s Witbox family of devices packs the company’s reliable automated testing and monitoring technology into a compact  accessible package that is simple to set up. At ANGA COM 2024  Witbe will have its entire Witbox lineup on display: WitboxOne  the company’s flagship device; Witbox+  the most powerful testing device on the market; WitboxNet  built specifically for web testing and now available with an upgraded 10Gb interface; and WitboxABR  offering ABR stream monitoring technology at scale. Live demos on the show floor will focus on the specific capabilities of each Witbox.Photo Link: www.202comms.com/Witbe/Witbox_devices.jpgPhoto Caption: Witbe’s line of powerful Witbox devices can test and monitor video services on any real device.Must-See Conference SessionsYoann Hinard  COO at Witbe  will speak on the role of AI in broadcast media during two separate presentations at ANGA COM 2024. Attendees can catch him at the “Streaming and OTT” panel on Tuesday  May 14 at 11:30am in Room 2 at Conference Center North. Later the same day  Hinard will be part of the “AI in Media” presentation at 3:45 p.m. at the Innovation Stage in Hall 7.Members of the press interested in meeting with Witbe at ANGA COM 2024 should contact:Moe Lokat202 CommunicationsTel: +44 (0) 7973 306039Email: moe@202comms.comCompany Overview:Witbe (Euronext Growth - FR0013143872 - ALWIT) provides test automation and proactive monitoring technology for global video services. Headquartered in Paris with locations across the globe  the company makes award-winning hardware and software applications for video streaming providers that test the quality of experience their customers receive. Witbe is the only company on the market capable of testing any video service running on any device (including PCs  smartphones  STBs  and smart TVs) over any network (including fiber  5G  and OTT).Thanks to its revolutionary Witbox and powerful Witbe Software Suite  the company recently launched its Ad Monitoring and Matching technology for dynamically inserted streaming ads. Witbe is proud to have customers — including Comcast  Cox  Verizon  Peacock  and Orange— in more than 50 countries. More information and further updates are available at www.witbe.net.Link to Word Doc: www.202comms.com/Witbe/240507-Witbe-ANGA_COM_2024.docx,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.35,0.45,True,English,"['Automated Testing Bundles', 'Video Testing', 'Monitoring Technology', 'Witbe', 'ANGA', 'new ABR Stream Analysis technology', 'important key performance indicators', 'new Automated Testing Bundles', 'The Complete Witbox Lineup', 'broadband video service providers', 'ABR stream monitoring technology', 'powerful automated testing', 'reliable automated testing', 'customers’ true quality', 'chief operations officer', 'three different tiers', 'compact, accessible package', 'two separate presentations', 'entire Witbox lineup', 'video service testing', 'SCTE-35 ad cues', 'dynamic ad insertion', 'Conference Center North', 'powerful testing device', 'separate dedicated device', 'many test scenarios', 'preset test scenarios', 'superior quality streaming', 'Ad Matching feature', 'proactive monitoring technology', 'powerful monitoring capabilities', 'common ad errors', 'powerful Witbox devices', 'Witbe Hub Cloud', 'Other Witbe Highlights', 'ABR) stream', 'Witbe Software Suite', 'video stream', 'Video Testing', 'testing strategies', 'web testing', 'key highlight', 'Ad Monitoring', 'Matching Technology', 'video services', 'specific ad', 'latest technology', 'technology tests', 'award-winning technology', 'specific capabilities', 'Conference Sessions', 'real device', 'flagship device', 'Witbox family', 'The WitboxABR', 'software solutions', 'software addition', '2024 Exhibitor Preview', 'Germany Hall', 'Yoann Hinard', 'streaming services', 'record time', 'set number', 'Photo Link', 'Photo Caption', 'additional data', 'users’ experiences', 'Adaptive Bitrate', 'network tests', 'CDN errors', 'network side', 'streaming errors', 'accurate reports', 'streaming ads', 'black screens', 'audio cuts', 'main content', '10Gb interface', 'Live demos', 'show floor', 'broadcast media', 'OTT” panel', 'ANGA COM', 'extensive experience', 'exact QoE', 'cable TV', 'award-winning Witbox+', 'company', 'benefits', 'hardware', 'May', 'Cologne', 'Stand', 'teams', 'automation', 'networks', 'viewers', 'home', 'go', 'everything', '202comms', 'scale', 'Witbe_Remote_Eye_Controller_Mosaic', 'KPIs', 'streams', 'issues', 'display', 'WitboxOne', 'market', 'WitboxNet', 'Witbox_devices', 'COO', 'role', 'Attendees', 'Tuesday', '11:30am', 'Room']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,streamingmedia.com
40580,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMG-CRITICAL-MATERIALS-N--55482/news/AMG-Reports-First-Quarter-2024-Results-Lithium-Projects-on-Schedule-46652234/,AMG Reports First Quarter 2024 Results: Lithium Projects on Schedule,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  7 May 2024 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. reports first quarter 2024 revenue of $358 million  a 21% decrease versus the first quarter of 2023. First quarter 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $31 million decreased largely due to the decl…,Amsterdam  7 May 2024(Regulated Information) --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) reports first quarter 2024 revenue of $358 million  a 21% decrease versus the first quarter of 2023. First quarter 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $31 million decreased largely due to the decline in global metal prices compared to the prior period.Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch  Chairman of the Management Board and CEO  said  “The first quarter 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $31 million is in line with our guidance for the year. We are pleased to announce that our major lithium expansions continue on-schedule. Our Brazilian mine expansion and the ramp-up of our lithium conversion plant in Germany place us in an enviable position for when prices recover. The lithium market is volatile and will remain so for the foreseeable future. Long-term demand trends are encouraging  and additional supply prospects are confronting challenging constraints throughout the industry. Our low-cost position allows us to endure the current market conditions and prosper considerably at more normalized price levels.Market prices for all products in our portfolio weakened during the first quarter of 2024 compared to the first quarter of 2023. The decrease in adjusted EBITDA compared to the first quarter of 2023 was predominantly driven by the global decline in lithium and vanadium prices. The average quarterly prices of lithium carbonate and ferrovanadium  the material prices that most significantly impact our financial results  decreased 76% and 33%  respectively  versus the average pricing in the first quarter of 2023.Despite these market conditions  our lithium expansion strategy remains on track  and we have significant liquidity to support our growth opportunities. Including our $100 million term loan expansion  which occurred after the end of the first quarter  AMG has close to $600 million of total liquidity.”LithiumIn Brazil  the expansion of our lithium concentrate plant from 90 000 tons to 130 000 tons per annum is progressing as planned. We expect to reach full nameplate capacity of 130 000 tons in the fourth quarter of 2024.In Bitterfeld  Germany  AMG’s lithium hydroxide refinery’s first 20 000-ton module is on schedule  both in its advanced commissioning and product qualification process. We plan to ship production batches to clients in the third quarter of 2024.VanadiumAMG Vanadium continues to implement its global satellite roasting strategy through the implementation of our recently acquired TTI technology.The vanadium electrolyte plant at AMG Titanium in Nuremberg  Germany is in the final stages of completion. We expect to have nameplate capacity available by the second half of 2024 as part of the vertical integration into LIVA batteries.Shell & AMG Recycling’s (SARBV) “Supercenter” project in Saudi Arabia is in final stages of basic engineering for Phase 1. The joint venture has begun the selection process for financial advisors for non-recourse project financing.TechnologiesIn April  NewMOX SAS  Grenoble  France  was formed to service the nuclear fuel market. NewMOX is a subsidiary of ALD Vacuum Technologies GmbH  Hanau  Germany (“ALD”)  AMG’s engineering subsidiary focused on vacuum furnace technology  which includes sintering furnace systems enabling the production of commercial nuclear fuel from plutonium and depleted uranium (termed “MOX”). ALD’s MOX technology has been applied in Germany  the United States  France  Belgium  the United Kingdom and recently ALD has been delivering such furnace systems to China.AMG LIVA is engaged in the execution of several battery projects to optimize the energy management of industrial plants and incorporate renewable energy sources. In June we will celebrate the opening of a 4.5 MWh energy storage system shifting wind and solar energy for a major industrial client. The system enables 80% self-sufficiency and is also used for peak shaving  process heating and cooling  EV charging and grid services.Financial HighlightsIn April  AMG entered into a new $100 million incremental term loan  structured as a fungible add-on to the existing $350 million senior secured term loan. The $100 million incremental term loan has the same pricing  terms and 2028 maturity as the existing $350 million term loan. AMG will use the proceeds of the new incremental term loan for general corporate purposes and lithium resource development.AMG’s liquidity as of March 31  2024 was $485 million  with $285 million of unrestricted cash and $200 million of revolving credit availability. These figures do not include the term loan expansion noted above  as it occurred after the end of the quarter.AMG Engineering signed $82 million in new orders for the first three months of 2024  8% higher than for the same period in 2023.The Company will pay its final 2023 declared dividend of €0.20 per ordinary share on or around May 15  2024  to shareholders of record on May 13  2024.Key FiguresIn 000’s US dollars Q1 ‘24 Q1 ‘23 Change Revenue $358 159 $450 590 (21%) Gross profit 47 322 139 842 (66%) Gross margin 13.2% 31.0% Operating profit 2 678 100 023 (97%) Operating margin 0.7% 22.2% Net (loss) income attributable to shareholders (16 260) 56 221 N/A EPS - Fully diluted (0.50) 1.72 N/A EBIT (1) 17 092 105 144 (84%) Adjusted EBITDA (2) 30 807 118 111 (74%) Adjusted EBITDA margin 8.6% 26.2% Cash (used in) from operating activities (14 918) 93 395 N/ANotes:(1) EBIT is defined as earnings before interest and income taxes. EBIT excludes restructuring  asset impairment  inventory cost adjustments  environmental provisions  exceptional legal expenses  equity-settled share-based payments  strategic expenses  and other exceptional items.(2) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBIT adjusted for depreciation and amortization.Operational ReviewAMG LithiumQ1 ‘24 Q1 ‘23 Change Revenue $41 574 $130 668 (68%) Gross profit 5 346 92 013 (94%) Operating (loss) profit (5 351) 83 589 N/A Adjusted EBITDA 5 759 89 799 (94%)AMG Lithium’s revenue and gross profit decreased 68% and 94%  respectively  compared to the first quarter of 2023. These variances were largely driven by the decline in lithium market prices  since the first quarter of 2023  as well as the unabsorbed fixed costs incurred during construction of the spodumene expansion project in Brazil in the current quarter.SG&A expenses of $11 million in the first quarter of 2024 were 26% higher than in the same period last year  mainly driven by the increase in headcount related to both the German and Brazilian lithium expansion projects  as well as higher employee benefit costs and professional fees.The first quarter 2024 adjusted EBITDA decreased 94%  to $6 million  from $90 million in the first quarter of 2023  due to the decline in metal prices as noted above.During the first quarter of 2024  a total of 15 652 dry metric tons (“dmt”) of lithium concentrates were sold  24% lower than the 20 509 dmt in the first quarter of 2023 due to shipping variances in 2023. Volumes were negatively impacted by shipments that arrived in the fourth quarter of 2023 to the detriment of our first quarter 2024 volumes. The average realized sales price was $1 163/dmt CIF China for the quarter. The average cost per ton for the quarter was $616/dmt CIF China.Our lithium concentrate plant is currently ramping to 130 000 tons and shipping volumes will be impacted in the second quarter. The cost per ton will rise relative to historical costs due to unabsorbed costs during the ramp-up  as well as lower relative tantalum sales volumes offsetting higher spodumene production. We expect to reach design capacity production in the fourth quarter of 2024. AMG is one of the lowest cost lithium concentrate mines in the world and we plan to maintain that position.AMG VanadiumQ1 ‘24 Q1 ‘23 Change Revenue $165 141 $194 280 (15%) Gross profit 17 646 26 424 (33%) Operating profit 3 830 13 103 (71%) Adjusted EBITDA 14 440 20 331 (29%)AMG Vanadium’s revenue for the first quarter of 2024 decreased by 15%  to $165 million  due primarily to lower sales prices in vanadium and chrome metal partially offset by increased volumes in vanadium.Gross profit in the first quarter of 2024 was $9 million lower compared to the same period in 2023  largely due to lower prices noted above.SG&A expenses in the first quarter of 2024 of $14 million were 4% higher than in the first quarter of 2023 related to an increase in research and development costs during the current quarter.The first quarter 2024 adjusted EBITDA decreased 29% compared to the same period in 2023  to $14 million  largely driven by the decline in metal prices noted above.AMG TechnologiesQ1 ‘24 Q1 ‘23 Change Revenue $151 444 $125 642 21% Gross profit 24 330 21 405 14% Operating profit 4 199 3 331 26% Adjusted EBITDA 10 608 7 981 33%AMG Technologies' first quarter 2024 revenue increased by $26 million  or 21%  compared to the same period in 2023. This improvement was driven by strong revenues in our engineering unit  as well as higher sales volumes of silicon. Despite challenging overall market conditions for AMG  the AMG Technologies segment is delivering strong financial results  evidencing the strength of our portfolio to succeed in a varied set of market conditions.SG&A expenses increased by 9% in the first quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023  due to additional personnel at AMG Engineering and AMG LIVA corresponding to the increased order backlog and business development  respectively.AMG Technologies’ adjusted EBITDA was $11 million during the first quarter  33% higher than in the first three months of 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher profitability in Engineering driven by remelting and induction furnace sales as well as the after sales and service division.AMG Engineering signed $82 million in new orders during the first quarter of 2024  8% higher than the same period in 2023  representing a 1.03x book to bill ratio. The first quarter 2024 order intake was driven by strong orders of remelting and turbine blade coating furnaces  as well as the spare parts and services division. Order backlog was $300 million as of March 31  2024.AMG Silicon began operating two of its four furnaces in March 2024. We plan to run two of four furnaces for the remainder of 2024. The operational parameters of the silicon business will continue to be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Due to the noted interruptions in AMG Silicon’s operations  the profitability of the business is immaterial and excluded from adjusted EBITDA during this period of abnormal operations.Financial ReviewTaxAMG recorded an income tax expense of $3 million in the first quarter of 2024  compared to $36 million in the first quarter of 2023. This variance was due to lower profitability in the current quarter relative to the same period in the prior year  marginally offset by non-cash deferred tax expenses related to the derecognition of certain tax assets. These tax assets were associated with interest expense carryforwards in our US business as well as loss carryforwards in our German and Dutch entities.AMG paid taxes of $8 million in the first quarter of 2024  compared to tax payments of $21 million in the first quarter of 2023. The reduced cash payments in the current period were largely a result of the decrease in profitability year-over-year  offset by tax payments due in Brazil related to positive results in the fourth quarter of 2023.Exceptional ItemsAMG’s first quarter 2024 gross profit includes exceptional items  which are not included in the calculation of adjusted EBITDA.A summary of exceptional items included in gross profit in the first quarters of 2024 and 2023 are below:Exceptional items included in gross profitQ1 ‘24 Q1 ‘23 Change Gross profit $47 322 $139 842 (66%) Inventory cost adjustment 3 055 510 499% Restructuring expense (reversal) 644 (263) N/A Asset impairment reversal — (767) N/A Brazil's SP1+ expansion and commissioning 2 053 — N/A Silicon’s partial closure (61) (156) (61%) Strategic project expense (reversal) 21 (51) N/A Gross profit excluding exceptional items 53 034 139 115 (62%)AMG had $3 million non-cash expense during the first quarter of 2024 mainly driven by Vanadium’s inventory cost adjustment due to lower vanadium prices  and $2 million of costs associated with AMG Brazil’s lithium concentrate expansion  which have been excluded from the calculation of adjusted EBITDA.SG&AAMG’s first quarter 2024 SG&A expenses were $45 million compared to $40 million in the first quarter of 2023  with the increase largely due to higher personnel costs driven by increased hiring in our Lithium  Engineering  and LIVA businesses.LiquidityMarch 31  2024 December 31  2023 Change Senior secured debt $336 856 $337 402 —% Cash & cash equivalents 285 271 345 308 (17%) Senior secured net debt (cash) 51 585 (7 906) N/A Other debt 12 298 13 105 (6%) Net debt excluding municipal bond 63 883 5 199 1 129% Municipal bond debt 318 939 319 002 —% Restricted cash 1 429 1 451 (2%) Net debt 381 393 322 750 18%AMG continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate sources of liquidity during the first quarter. As of March 31  2024  the Company had $285 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and $200 million available on its revolving credit facility. As such  AMG had $485 million of total liquidity as of March 31  2024. These figures do not include the term loan expansion previously noted  as it occurred after the end of the quarter.Net Finance CostsAMG’s first quarter 2024 net finance cost was $15 million compared to $7 million in the first quarter of 2023. This variance was largely driven by non-cash  intercompany foreign exchange losses of $7 million during the current quarter  compared to $2 million in foreign exchange gains in the prior period.OutlookRegarding 2024 outlook  low prices continue for both lithium and vanadium. Utilizing today’s price levels  we reiterate that AMG’s 2024 adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $130 million.AMG’s lithium projects are progressing on schedule and we expect that they will have a substantially positive impact as market conditions improve.Regarding AMG’s 5-year guidance  utilizing a variety of price and quantity assumptions with a lithium carbonate equivalent price of $25 000  we guide to an EBITDA of $500 million or more in five years or earlier.(Loss) profit for the period to adjusted EBITDA reconciliationQ1 ‘24 Q1 ‘23 (Loss) profit for the period ($15 295) $56 447 Income tax expense 2 748 35 927 Net finance cost 14 548 6 617 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 1 453 1 469 Restructuring expense (reversal) 644 (263) Brazil's SP1+ expansion and commissioning 2 053 — Silicon’s partial closure 1 210 547 Inventory cost adjustment 3 055 510 Asset impairment reversal — (767) Strategic project expense (1) 5 999 3 625 Share of loss of associates 677 1 032 EBIT 17 092 105 144 Depreciation and amortization 13 715 12 967 Adjusted EBITDA 30 807 118 111Notes:(1) The Company is in the initial development and ramp-up phases for several strategic expansion projects  including the joint venture with Shell  the LIVA Battery System  and the lithium expansion in Germany  which incurred project expenses during the quarter but are not yet operational. AMG is adjusting EBITDA for these exceptional charges.AMG Critical Materials N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Income Statement For the quarter ended March 31 In thousands of US dollars 2024 2023 Unaudited Unaudited Continuing operations Revenue 358 159 450 590 Cost of sales (310 837) (310 748) Gross profit 47 322 139 842 Selling  general and administrative expenses (44 739) (40 360) Other expenses — — Other income 95 541 Net other operating income 95 541 Operating profit 2 678 100 023 Finance income 4 755 5 476 Finance cost (19 303) (12 093) Net finance cost (14 548) (6 617) Share of loss of associates and joint ventures (677) (1 032) (Loss) profit before income tax (12 547) 92 374 Income tax expense (2 748) (35 927) (Loss) profit for the period (15 295) 56 447 (Loss) profit attributable to: Shareholders of the Company (16 260) 56 221 Non-controlling interests 965 226 (Loss) Profit for the period (15 295) 56 447 Loss (earnings) per share Basic (loss) earnings per share (0.50) 1.76 Diluted (loss) earnings per share (0.50) 1.72AMG Critical Materials N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position In thousands of US dollars March 31  2024 Unaudited December 31  2023 Assets Property  plant and equipment 926 720 921 178 Goodwill and other intangible assets 52 710 40 313 Derivative financial instruments 24 999 22 847 Equity-accounted investees 17 588 18 266 Other investments 38 518 38 160 Deferred tax assets 28 220 26 882 Restricted cash 377 387 Other assets 12 499 12 060 Total non-current assets 1 101 631 1 080 093 Inventories 265 784 260 945 Derivative financial instruments 1 294 3 397 Trade and other receivables 168 235 164 027 Other assets 93 420 100 128 Current tax assets 6 765 7 845 Restricted cash 1 052 1 064 Cash and cash equivalents 285 271 345 308 Total current assets 821 821 882 714 Total assets 1 923 452 1 962 807AMG Critical Materials N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued) In thousands of US dollars March 31  2024 Unaudited December 31  2023 Equity Issued capital 853 853 Share premium 553 714 553 715 Treasury shares (9 558) (10 593) Other reserves (53 305) (52 269) Retained earnings 53 427 70 077 Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company 545 131 561 783 Non-controlling interests 44 212 44 220 Total equity 589 343 606 003 Liabilities Loans and borrowings 655 418 656 265 Lease liabilities 44 733 46 629 Employee benefits 130 513 133 333 Provisions 17 769 17 951 Deferred revenue 14 012 17 836 Other liabilities 4 658 4 784 Derivative financial instruments 42 27 Deferred tax liabilities 7 231 6 664 Total non-current liabilities 874 376 883 489 Loans and borrowings 5 168 5 566 Lease liabilities 5 438 5 725 Short-term bank debt 7 507 7 678 Deferred revenue 15 820 14 083 Other liabilities 80 344 77 052 Trade and other payables 248 024 259 339 Derivative financial instruments 2 545 2 828 Advance payments from customers 62 940 60 561 Current tax liability 17 600 24 279 Provisions 14 347 16 204 Total current liabilities 459 733 473 315 Total liabilities 1 334 109 1 356 804 Total equity and liabilities 1 923 452 1 962 807AMG Critical Materials N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows For the quarter ended March 31 In thousands of US dollars 2024 2023 Unaudited Unaudited Cash (used in) from operating activities (Loss) profit for the period (15 295) 56 447 Adjustments to reconcile net profit to net cash flows: Non-cash: Income tax expense 2 748 35 927 Depreciation and amortization 13 715 12 967 Asset impairment reversal — (767) Net finance cost 14 548 6 617 Share of loss of associates and joint ventures 677 1 032 Loss on sale or disposal of property  plant and equipment 33 9 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 1 453 1 469 Movement in provisions  pensions  and government grants 805 2 755 Working capital and deferred revenue adjustments (15 373) 4 905 Cash generated from operating activities 3 311 121 361 Finance costs paid  net (9 942) (7 012) Income tax paid (8 287) (20 954) Net cash (used in) from operating activities (14 918) 93 395 Cash used in investing activities Proceeds from sale of property  plant and equipment 13 — Acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangibles (33 652) (44 718) Investments in associates and joint ventures — (17 500) Use of restricted cash 22 4 009 Interest received on restricted cash — 19 Capitalized borrowing cost paid (3 681) (5 739) Other (7) 3 Net cash used in investing activities (37 305) (63 926)AMG Critical Materials N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued) For the quarter ended March 31 In thousands of US dollars 2024 2023 Unaudited Unaudited Cash used in financing activities Proceeds from issuance of debt — 423 Repayment of loans and borrowings (127) (10 750) Net repurchase of common shares (688) (6 672) Payment of lease liabilities (1 579) (1 316) Net cash used in financing activities (2 394) (18 315) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (54 617) 11 154 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 345 308 346 043 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held (5 420) 2 328 Cash and cash equivalents at March 31 285 271 359 525This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release contains regulated information as defined in the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG’s Lithium segment spans the lithium value chain  reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG’s Vanadium segment is the world’s market leader in recycling vanadium from oil refining residues  spanning the Company’s vanadium  titanium  and chrome businesses. AMG’s Technologies segment is the established world market leader in advanced metallurgy and provides equipment engineering to the aerospace engine sector globally. It serves as the engineering home for the Company’s fast-growing LIVA batteries  and spans AMG’s mineral processing operations in graphite  antimony  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking.” Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.56,0.22,0.22,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Results', 'AMG Reports', 'Lithium Projects', 'Schedule', 'existing $350 million senior secured term loan', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'new $100 million incremental term loan', 'existing $350 million term loan', 'new incremental term loan', '$100 million term loan expansion', 'global satellite roasting strategy', '4.5 MWh energy storage system', 'ALD Vacuum Technologies GmbH', 'first quarter 2024 adjusted EBITDA', 'Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch', 'Long-term demand trends', 'additional supply prospects', 'normalized price levels', 'recourse project financing', 'commercial nuclear fuel', 'several battery projects', 'general corporate purposes', 'revolving credit availability', 'Brazilian mine expansion', 'renewable energy sources', 'lithium expansion strategy', 'vacuum furnace technology', 'major industrial client', 'first 20,000-ton module', 'first three months', 'major lithium expansions', 'lithium conversion plant', 'lithium concentrate plant', 'lithium hydroxide refinery', 'nuclear fuel market', 'lithium resource development', 'product qualification process', 'final 2023 declared dividend', 'global metal prices', 'sintering furnace systems', 'full nameplate capacity', 'vanadium electrolyte plant', 'US dollars Q1', 'current market conditions', 'average quarterly prices', 'first quarter 2024 revenue', 'new orders', 'lithium market', 'energy management', 'solar energy', 'Market prices', 'global decline', 'average pricing', 'industrial plants', '23 Change Revenue', 'lithium carbonate', 'TTI technology', 'final stages', 'selection process', 'MOX technology', 'process heating', 'vanadium prices', 'material prices', 'fourth quarter', 'third quarter', 'Regulated Information', 'prior period', 'Management Board', 'enviable position', 'foreseeable future', 'challenging constraints', 'low-cost position', 'financial results', 'growth opportunities', 'advanced commissioning', 'second half', 'vertical integration', 'LIVA batteries', 'Saudi Arabia', 'basic engineering', 'joint venture', 'financial advisors', 'depleted uranium', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'peak shaving', 'EV charging', 'grid services', 'Financial Highlights', 'fungible add', 'same pricing', 'unrestricted cash', 'same period', 'ordinary share', 'significant liquidity', 'total liquidity', 'AMG Vanadium', 'AMG Titanium', 'AMG Recycling', 'AMG LIVA', 'AMG Engineering', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'production batches', 'NewMOX SAS', 'engineering subsidiary', 'Key Figures', '21% decrease', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'guidance', 'year', 'schedule', 'ramp-up', 'Germany', 'industry', 'products', 'portfolio', 'ferrovanadium', 'track', '90,000 tons', '130,000 tons', 'annum', 'Bitterfeld', 'clients', 'implementation', 'Nuremberg', 'completion', 'part', 'Shell', 'Phase', 'April', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'Hanau', 'plutonium', 'Belgium', 'China', 'execution', 'June', 'opening', 'wind', '80% self-sufficiency', 'cooling', 'terms', '2028 maturity', 'proceeds', 'March', 'The', 'Company', 'May', 'shareholders', 'record']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,marketscreener.com
40581,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-05/62177103-amg-critical-materials-n-v-amg-announces-results-of-the-annual-general-meeting-399.htm,AMG Critical Materials N.V.: AMG Announces Results of the Annual General Meeting,"AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") is pleased to announce that during its Annual General Meeting held on May 8  2024 ","Amsterdam  8 May 2024(Regulated Information) --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") is pleased to announce that during its Annual General Meeting held on May 8  2024  shareholders approved all agenda items presented  including the expansion of the Management Board from three to four members. Mr. Michael Connor was appointed to the Management Board as Chief Corporate Development Officer for a term of four years  with effect from May 8  2024.During the meeting  Mr. Jackson Dunckel was reappointed as Chief Financial Officer for an additional term of four years  beginning May 8  2024. In addition  Dr. Donatella Ceccarelli was reappointed as a member of the Supervisory Board for a term of two years  with effect from May 8  2024.Given the rotation schedule of the Supervisory Board and the retirement in 2025 of two longstanding members  Professor Hanke and Mr. Depp  the Supervisory Board resolved to expand its resources to create a Board with seven members. During the meeting  Ms. Dagmar Bottenbruch was appointed to the Supervisory Board as an independent member for a term of four years  beginning May 8  2024.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release contains regulated information as defined in the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG's Lithium segment spans the lithium value chain  reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG's Vanadium segment is the world's market leader in recycling vanadium from oil refining residues  spanning the Company's vanadium  titanium  and chrome businesses. AMG's Technologies segment is the established world market leader in advanced metallurgy and provides equipment engineering to the aerospace engine sector globally. It serves as the engineering home for the Company's fast-growing LIVA batteries  and spans AMG's mineral processing operations in graphite  antimony  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V.+1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are ""forward looking."" Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG's plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG's competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG's business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words ""expects "" ""believes "" ""anticipates "" ""plans "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Results', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'other end use markets', 'three to four members', 'Chief Corporate Development Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'energy storage materials', 'Dr. Donatella Ceccarelli', 'Ms. Dagmar Bottenbruch', 'oil refining residues', 'growing LIVA batteries', 'customer service offices', 'Mr. Michael Connor', 'Mr. Jackson Dunckel', 'two longstanding members', 'related process technologies', 'aerospace engine sector', 'mineral processing operations', 'less carbon-intensive world', 'Forward looking statements', 'lithium value chain', 'world market leader', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other forward-looking statements', 'financial position', 'seven members', 'other information', 'Mr. Depp', 'four years', 'two years', 'aerospace engines', 'Technologies segment', 'future operations', 'agenda items', 'rotation schedule', 'Professor Hanke', 'press release', 'financieel toezicht', 'engineered systems', 'Lithium segment', 'chrome businesses', 'advanced metallurgy', 'equipment engineering', 'engineering home', 'silicon metal', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'Management Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Regulated Information', 'CO 2 reduction', 'CO 2 footprint', 'historical information', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'independent member', 'future events', 'inherent risks', 'production facilities', 'additional term', 'Vanadium segment', 'May', 'shareholders', 'expansion', 'effect', 'retirement', 'resources', 'meaning', 'mission', 'tantalum', 'products', 'variety', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'Company', 'titanium', 'graphite', 'antimony', '3,600 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'trends', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'anticipates', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'specific', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2024-05-06,2024-05-08,finanznachrichten.de
40582,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/voltalia-wins-130-megawatt-solar-182500907.html,Voltalia wins a 130-megawatt solar project,Voltalia wins a 130-megawatt solar project Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces that it has won a solar project near Gafsa in south-west Tunisia Building on its expertise and commitment to the region for more than five years ,"VoltaliaVoltalia wins a 130-megawatt solar projectVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces that it has won a solar project near Gafsa in south-west TunisiaBuilding on its expertise and commitment to the region for more than five years  Voltalia has been awarded a 130-megawatt solar project in the Gafsa region. The output of the future power station will be equivalent to the consumption of more than 700 000 inhabitants.The project revenues will come from a 30-year power sales contract with STEG (Société Tunisienne de l'Électricité et du Gaz)  the operator of the Tunisian public grid.ADVERTISEMENTTunisia targets to achieve a renewable energy electricity production rate of 30% by 2030  versus 2.2% in 2023. In a country with more than 300 days of sunshine a year  solar is particularly competitive in comparison to thermal power plants relying mostly on imported natural gas. On the other hand  the country is particularly exposed to climate change due to the size of its climate-dependent agriculture and its high level of urbanisation potentially prone to flooding.Construction is scheduled to start in 2025 and commissioning is expected in 2026.Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia  said: ""We are delighted to have won this project. Thanks to attractive climate conditions  supportive governmental policies and strong support from international financial institutions  Tunisia has a great renewable energy potential in the short and long term.""Next on the agenda: Annual General Meeting  May 16  2024About Voltalia ( www.voltalia.com ) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group generates and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 2.9 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 16.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia also offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With over 1 850 employees in more than 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed in compartment A of the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the EnterNext Tech 40  CAC Small and Euronext Tech Leaders indices. The company is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the index for responsible mid-cap companies. VoltaliaInvestor Relations: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 SEITOSEI.ACTIFINPress Relations: Jennifer Julliajennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.com – T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment",neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,mixed,0.59,0.22,0.19,True,English,"['130-megawatt solar project', 'Voltalia', 'renewable energy electricity production rate', '30-year power sales contract', 'great renewable energy potential', 'Euronext Tech Leaders indices', 'future power station', 'thermal power plants', 'Tunisian public grid', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'supportive governmental policies', 'Annual General Meeting', 'renewable energy customers', 'energy efficiency services', 'attractive climate conditions', 'Euronext regulated market', 'ACTIFIN Press Relations', 'international financial institutions', 'Société Tunisienne', '130-megawatt solar project', 'local production', 'renewable energies', 'EnterNext Tech', 'Euronext Paris', 'climate change', 'corporate market', 'Investor Relations', 'international player', 'green electricity', 'project revenues', 'ISIN code', 'five years', 'natural gas', 'other hand', 'climate-dependent agriculture', 'high level', 'strong support', 'long term', 'The Group', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'comprehensive range', 'CAC Small', 'Gaïa-Index', 'mid-cap companies', 'south-west Tunisia', 'total capacity', 'Gafsa region', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'T.', 'Voltalia', 'expertise', 'commitment', 'output', 'consumption', '700,000 inhabitants', 'STEG', 'Électricité', 'Gaz', 'operator', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'country', '300 days', 'sunshine', 'comparison', 'size', 'urbanisation', 'Construction', 'commissioning', 'CEO', 'short', 'agenda', 'May', 'wind', 'hydro', 'biomass', '2.9 GW', 'operation', 'portfolio', 'projects', 'development', '16.6 GW', 'stage', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'businesses', 'supply', '1,850 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'responsible', 'SEITOSEI', 'Attachment']",2024-05-08,2024-05-08,uk.finance.yahoo.com
40583,EuroNext,Bing API,https://tokenist.com/euronav-nv-announces-stellar-q1-performance-with-2-46-eps/,Euronav NV Announces Stellar Q1 Performance with $2.46 EPS,Euronav NV (NYSE: EURN & Euronext: EURN)  a leading name in the shipping industry  has reported an impressive start to the year with its first-quarter financial results for 2024. The company announced a remarkable profit of USD 495 million for Q1 2024 ,Neither the author  Tim Fries  nor this website  The Tokenist  provide financial advice. Please consult our website policy prior to making financial decisions.Euronav NV (NYSE: EURN & Euronext: EURN)  a leading name in the shipping industry  has reported an impressive start to the year with its first-quarter financial results for 2024.The company announced a remarkable profit of USD 495 million for Q1 2024  a significant leap from the previous year’s figures. This quarter also saw the successful acquisition of CMB.TECH  marking a strategic expansion in Euronav’s operations. The company’s proactive approach towards fleet modernization and diversification was evident in selling three older VLCCs and ordering new  technologically advanced vessels  including two Newcastlemaxes and container vessels.The quarter was about financial gains and marked Euronav’s foray into sustainable shipping practices. The launch of the first hydrogen production and refueling station in Africa and the introduction of the continent’s first hydrogen vessel underscores Euronav’s commitment to green energy and innovation. Additionally  the proposed full-year 2023 distribution of USD 4.57 per share and a Q1 2024 distribution of USD 1.15 per share reflect the company’s robust financial health and its intention to reward shareholders generously.Euronav Beats EPS and Revenue Expectations in Q1Euronav’s Q1 2024 performance has surpassed expectations on several fronts. Analysts had projected an EPS of $1.89 and revenue of $212.01 million for the quarter. However  Euronav’s reported revenue of $240.377 million and an EPS of $2.46 far exceeded these forecasts. This outperformance can be attributed to strategic asset management  including the disposal of tangible assets  resulting in a net gain of $407.562 million and a keen focus on optimizing operational efficiency.The company’s success in exceeding expectations is also a testament to its agile response to market dynamics and its ability to capitalize on strategic opportunities  such as the acquisition of CMB.TECH. This has strengthened Euronav’s market position and laid a solid foundation for sustainable growth in the evolving shipping industry landscape.Join our Telegram group and never miss a breaking story.Guidance and Future OutlookLooking ahead  Euronav has provided optimistic guidance for the coming quarters. The company expects continued growth in global oil demand  with projections indicating a rise of +1.3 mb/d in 2024 and +1.1 mb/d in 2025. This demand  coupled with the anticipated increase in tonne-mile crude oil trade  positions Euronav favorably in the tanker market. Furthermore  the company’s strategic fleet developments  including adding low carbon-emitting vessels and focusing on hydrogen and ammonia fuel technologies  are expected to drive long-term value creation.Euronav’s outlook is also buoyed by the tanker market dynamics  with a supportive supply-side scenario characterized by a below-average order book and an aging global fleet. These factors and geopolitical tensions and the potential for increased oil supply route disruptions may lead to heightened demand for Euronav’s services. The company’s dry-bulk and container segments also show promising growth trajectories  underpinned by strong market fundamentals and strategic fleet expansions.Disclaimer: The author does not hold or have a position in any securities discussed in the article.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.38,0.26,True,English,"['Stellar Q1 Performance', 'Euronav NV', 'EPS', '$2.', 'tonne-mile crude oil trade', 'oil supply route disruptions', 'new, technologically advanced vessels', 'evolving shipping industry landscape', 'three older VLCCs', 'low carbon-emitting vessels', 'ammonia fuel technologies', 'long-term value creation', 'supportive supply-side scenario', 'average order book', 'aging global fleet', 'strategic asset management', 'sustainable shipping practices', 'first-quarter financial results', 'robust financial health', 'strong market fundamentals', 'strategic fleet developments', 'strategic fleet expansions', 'first hydrogen production', 'first hydrogen vessel', 'promising growth trajectories', 'global oil demand', 'tanker market dynamics', 'container vessels', 'sustainable growth', 'fleet modernization', 'strategic expansion', 'strategic opportunities', 'financial advice', 'financial decisions', 'financial gains', 'continued growth', 'Tim Fries', 'The Tokenist', 'leading name', 'impressive start', 'remarkable profit', 'significant leap', 'proactive approach', 'two Newcastlemaxes', 'refueling station', 'green energy', 'full-year 2023 distribution', 'several fronts', 'tangible assets', 'net gain', 'keen focus', 'operational efficiency', 'agile response', 'solid foundation', 'Telegram group', 'breaking story', 'coming quarters', 'geopolitical tensions', 'container segments', 'market position', 'website policy', 'previous year', 'successful acquisition', 'Q1 2024 distribution', 'Q1 2024 performance', 'Future Outlook', 'optimistic guidance', 'Euronav NV', 'CMB.TECH', 'Revenue Expectations', 'author', 'NYSE', 'EURN', 'Euronext', 'company', 'figures', 'operations', 'diversification', 'foray', 'launch', 'Africa', 'introduction', 'continent', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'USD', 'share', 'intention', 'EPS', 'Analysts', 'forecasts', 'outperformance', 'disposal', 'testament', 'ability', 'projections', 'rise', 'increase', 'factors', 'potential', 'heightened', 'services', 'dry-bulk', 'Disclaimer', 'securities', 'article']",2024-05-08,2024-05-08,tokenist.com
40584,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/quadient-secures-significant-contracts-healthcare-154500927.html,Quadient Secures Significant Contracts with Healthcare Leaders in the USA,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces the signing of significant contracts in the first quarter of the 2024 fiscal year for its Intelligent ...,QUADIENTParisQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces the signing of significant contracts in the first quarter of the 2024 fiscal year for its Intelligent Communication Automation software solutions in the U.S. healthcare sector. These agreements  collectively valued at nearly 4.5 million euros through multi-year subscription contracts  attest to Quadient's continued success in the customer communications management (CCM) market.Among these deals  Quadient has secured two of the top 5 national healthcare institutions  also listed among Fortune 500 companies  reinforcing its position as the preferred partner for large organizations seeking to enhance their customer communications.ADVERTISEMENTFacing challenges with fragmented solution sets comprised of multiple third-party platforms and proprietary systems  these organizations sought to simplify their tech stacks with an integrated solution to deliver consistent  secure and personalized customer experiences across all channels  while meeting strict regulatory requirements when managing sensitive patient data.“We are extremely proud to have been selected by so many prestigious U.S. organizations in the past months. Quadient delivers the most powerful  reliable and transformative solutions to drive substantial business value for highly regulated industries ” said Geoffrey Godet  CEO of Quadient. “At a time when many organizations are looking for new sources of efficiency and cost reduction  providing an exceptional customer experience is what sets them apart from the competition. Their vote of confidence demonstrates our capacity to support large organizations to enhance their customer experience while simultaneously driving operational efficiency.”Quadient's flagship solutions Quadient Inspire and Quadient Impress have been instrumental in providing a comprehensive  omnichannel solution that integrates seamlessly with enterprise data  applications and legacy systems. Recognized as a Technology Leader in the 2024 SPARK Matrix™: Customer Communication Management for the fourth consecutive year  Quadient continues to lead the industry in delivering personalized  compliant content across all channels.Story continuesIn addition to annual subscription fees for Quadient Inspire and Quadient Impress  the agreements include professional services  training and development  highlighting Quadient's commitment to fostering long-term partnerships and supporting the growth trajectory of its clients.For more information about Quadient software solutions  visit www.quadient.com.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro  Quadient Director of Media & Communications Global Press Relations Manager +1-630-699-8979 +1 203-301-3673 sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.com j.scolaro@quadient.comAttachment,neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['Significant Contracts', 'Healthcare Leaders', 'Quadient', 'USA', 'many prestigious U.S. organizations', 'Intelligent Communication Automation software solutions', 'U.S. healthcare sector', 'top 5 national healthcare institutions', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'three key solution areas', 'Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro', 'Customer Communication Management', 'multiple third-party platforms', 'strict regulatory requirements', 'substantial business value', 'personalized, compliant content', 'annual subscription fees', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'meaningful customer connections', 'personalized customer experiences', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'comprehensive, omnichannel solution', 'multi-year subscription contracts', 'sensitive patient data', 'fourth consecutive year', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'exceptional customer experience', 'customer experience excellence', 'Quadient software solutions', 'customer communications management', 'many organizations', 'transformative solutions', 'flagship solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'fragmented solution', 'integrated solution', 'significant contracts', '2024 fiscal year', 'tech stacks', 'enterprise data', 'large organizations', 'first quarter', '4.5 million euros', 'continued success', 'CCM) market', 'Fortune 500 companies', 'preferred partner', 'proprietary systems', 'consistent, secure', 'past months', 'powerful, reliable', 'regulated industries', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'new sources', 'cost reduction', 'legacy systems', '2024 SPARK Matrix™', 'professional services', 'long-term partnerships', 'growth trajectory', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'Euronext Paris', 'operational efficiency', 'Technology Leader', 'physical channels', 'Quadient Inspire', 'Quadient Impress', 'Quadient Director', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'businesses', 'digital', 'signing', 'agreements', 'deals', 'position', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'challenges', 'CEO', 'time', 'competition', 'vote', 'confidence', 'capacity', 'applications', 'industry', 'Story', 'addition', 'training', 'development', 'commitment', 'clients', 'information', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'Small', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachment']",2024-05-08,2024-05-08,uk.finance.yahoo.com
40585,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-05/62173776-wolters-kluwer-n-v-wolters-kluwer-2024-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-adopts-all-resolutions-399.htm,Wolters Kluwer N.V.: Wolters Kluwer 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders adopts all resolutions,PRESS RELEASE Wolters Kluwer 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders adopts all resolutions Shareholders approve a total dividend of €2.08 per ordinary share Alphen aan den Rijn - May 8,"PRESS RELEASEWolters Kluwer 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders adopts all resolutionsShareholders approve a total dividend of €2.08 per ordinary shareAlphen aan den Rijn - May 8  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader of professional information  software solutions  and services  announces that all resolutions were adopted as proposed at today's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM).Composition Supervisory BoardDavid Sideshas been appointed as a member of the Supervisory Board of Wolters Kluwer for a term of four years. Mr. Sides is President and CEO of NextGen Healthcare  a leading provider of innovative technology solutions focused on ambulatory care. Sophie Vandebroek has been reappointed as a member of the Supervisory Board for a second term of four years  and Jack de Kreij has been reappointed for a two-year term. Jeanette Horan  whose second four-year term expired after the AGM  regretfully has informed Wolters Kluwer that she is not available for reappointment. Heleen Kersten will succeed her as co-Chair of the Selection and Remuneration Committee. The Supervisory Board is conducting a search for a new candidate to replace Ms. Horan  to bring the number in line with the profile.2023 Financial Statements and DividendThe AGM adopted the 2023 financial statements as included in the 2023 Annual Report and approved a total dividend of €2.08 per ordinary share  resulting in a final dividend of €1.36 per ordinary share  payable in June 2024. The cash dividend will be paid net of 15% dividend withholding tax where applicable.RemunerationThe Remuneration Report was approved by shareholders in an advisory vote. The Supervisory Board remuneration policy and the proposal to amend the Supervisory Board remuneration were adopted.Other AGM resolutionsAll other AGM voting items on the agenda were adopted. This includes the resolutions to release the members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board from liability for the exercise of their respective duties  and the extension of the authority of the Executive Board to issue shares  to acquire shares in the company  and to cancel shares  as well as an amendment of the Articles of Association.Shareholders representedWolters Kluwer shareholders were represented in person  by proxy voting  or by voting instruction  representing a total of 78.71% of the total issued share capital entitled to vote.Detailed voting results by agenda item will be available on our at www.wolterskluwer.com/agmshortly.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTubeand Instagram.Financial CalendarMay 8  2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders May 10  2024 Ex-dividend date: 2023 final dividend May 13  2024 Record date: 2023 final dividend June 4  2024 Payment date: 2023 final dividend  ordinary shares June 11  2024 Payment date: 2023 final dividend ADRs July 31  2024 Half-Year 2024 Results August 27  2024 Ex-dividend date: 2024 interim dividend August 28  2024 Record date: 2024 interim dividend September 19  2024 Payment date: 2024 interim dividend September 26  2024 Payment date: 2024 interim dividend ADRs October 30  2024 Nine-Month 2024 Trading Update February 26  2025 Full-Year 2024 Results March 12  2025 Publication of 2024 Annual ReportMedia Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens Global Communications Investor Relations t +1 646 954 8215 ir@wolterskluwer.com press@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ""expect""  ""should""  ""could""  ""shall"" and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by any pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer's businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer N.V.', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'Shareholders', 'resolutions', 'Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens', 'The Supervisory Board remuneration policy', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Wolters Kluwer 2024 Annual General Meeting', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'other AGM voting items', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Jack de Kreij', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Nine-Month 2024 Trading Update', 'Composition Supervisory Board', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Detailed voting results', '2023 final dividend ADRs', 'second four-year term', '2024 interim dividend ADRs', 'Other AGM resolutions', 'innovative technology solutions', '15% dividend withholding tax', '2023 final dividend June', 'Wolters Kluwer shareholders', 'The AGM', '2023 Annual Report', '2023 annual revenues', '2024 Annual Report', 'Remuneration Committee', 'proxy voting', 'voting instruction', 'global leader', 'Executive Board', 'second term', 'new candidate', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'cash dividend', 'Half-Year 2024 Results', 'Full-Year 2024 Results', 'actual results', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'ordinary share', 'professional information', 'David Sideshas', 'four years', 'Mr. Sides', 'leading provider', 'ambulatory care', 'Sophie Vandebroek', 'two-year term', 'Jeanette Horan', 'Heleen Kersten', 'Ms. Horan', 'respective duties', 'share capital', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2024 Ex-dividend date', 'Record date', 'Payment date', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'technological developments', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Financial Calendar', 'total dividend', '2023 Financial Statements', 'NextGen Healthcare', 'advisory vote', 'agenda item', 'regulatory rules', 'shares', 'May', 'Euronext', 'WKL', 'services', 'today', 'member', 'President', 'CEO', 'reappointment', 'Chair', 'Selection', 'search', 'number', 'line', 'profile', 'proposal', 'liability', 'exercise', 'extension', 'authority', 'company', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'person', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTubeand', 'Instagram', 'February', 'Publication', 'words', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'events', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses']",2024-05-06,2024-05-08,finanznachrichten.de
40586,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.informazione.it/c/702A0BB8-6DB7-4D3B-BC04-28E94DBE7D00/Notice-convening-the-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-Pharma-Equity-Group-AS,Notice convening the extraordinary general meeting of Pharma Equity Group A/S,The Company's shares are admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S and issued in paperless form through VP SECURITIES A/S (Euronext Securities). Each share of DKK 1 00 gives one vote at the general meeting. Shareholders right to ...,The Company's shares are admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S and issued in paperless form through VP SECURITIES A/S (Euronext Securities). Each share of DKK 1 00 gives one vote at the general meeting. Shareholders right to ...,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Pharma Equity Group A/S', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Notice', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S', 'VP SECURITIES A/S', 'Euronext Securities', 'The Company', 'official listing', 'paperless form', 'one vote', 'general meeting', 'shares', 'trading', 'DKK', 'Shareholders']",2024-05-08,2024-05-08,informazione.it
40587,EuroNext,Bing API,https://themalaysianreserve.com/2024/05/08/w-p-carey-inc-announces-pricing-of-e650-million-of-senior-unsecured-notes/,W. P. Carey Inc. Announces Pricing of €650 Million of Senior Unsecured Notes,The Notes were offered at 99.526% of the principal amount. Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc  trading as Euronext Dublin  and traded on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin ...,The Notes were offered at 99.526% of the principal amount. Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc  trading as Euronext Dublin  and traded on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin ...,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['W. P. Carey Inc.', 'Senior Unsecured Notes', 'Pricing', 'Irish Stock Exchange plc', 'Global Exchange Market', 'principal amount', 'Official List', 'Euronext Dublin', 'The Notes', 'Application', '99.']",2024-05-08,2024-05-08,themalaysianreserve.com
40588,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/argenx-announces-results-annual-general-213000034.html,argenx announces results of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,May 7  2024 – 5:30pm ET Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases ,argenx SEMay 7  2024 – 5:30pm ETAmsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  announced the results of its Annual General Meeting of shareholders held today.All items on the agenda received a majority of votes in favor except for agenda item 5 (adoption of the remuneration policy).As part of the approved resolutions:The Company's annual report and annual accounts for the financial year ending December 31  2023 were approved;Dr. Brian L. Kotzin has been appointed as non-executive director to the Board of Directors for a term of four years. Dr. Kotzin brings broad medical and scientific research and development experience to the Board  supporting the Company’s innovation mission across therapeutic areas.Peter Verhaeghe and Dr. Pamela Klein have been re-appointed as non-executive directors to the Board of Directors for a term of 2 years;The Board of Directors was authorized to issue shares and grant rights to subscribe for shares in the share capital of the Company for up to 10% of the outstanding share capital at the date of the meeting and for a period of 18 months from the meeting and to limit or exclude statutory pre-emptive rights;An amendment of the articles of association of the Company was approvedDeloitte Accountants B.V. has been appointed as the Company's auditor for the 2024 financial year; andErnst & Young Accountants LLP has been appointed as the Company's auditor for the 2025 financial year.The voting result and all documents relating to the shareholders’ meeting will be available on the argenx website at www.argenx.com/investors/shareholder-meetings.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and- only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  the EU and UK  and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit https://www.argenx.com/ and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Ben PetokBpetok@argenx.comStory continuesInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.com,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.6,0.36,0.04,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'argenx', 'results', 'Shareholders', 'broad medical and scientific research', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'Deloitte Accountants B.V.', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'Dr. Brian L. Kotzin', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Young Accountants LLP', 'Dr. Pamela Klein', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'outstanding share capital', 'statutory pre-emptive rights', 'global immunology company', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Dr. Kotzin', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'innovation mission', 'annual report', 'annual accounts', 'remuneration policy', 'financial year', 'executive director', 'development experience', 'therapeutic areas', 'Peter Verhaeghe', 'voting result', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Ben Petok', 'Alexandra Roy', 'Lynn Elton', 'The Company', 'four years', 'argenx SE', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'argenx website', '2 years', 'Directors', 'May', '5:30pm', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'results', 'items', 'agenda', 'majority', 'votes', 'favor', 'adoption', 'part', 'resolutions', 'December', 'Board', 'term', 'shares', 'date', 'period', '18 months', 'amendment', 'articles', 'association', 'auditor', 'Ernst', 'documents', 'investors/shareholder-meetings', 'IIP', 'UK', 'Japan', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'Bpetok', 'Story', 'aroy', 'lelton']",2024-05-07,2024-05-08,finance.yahoo.com
